400	My stay at Simone was wonderful. She is very nice and willing to help. The first day she took me around the neighborhood and showed me the closest train stations and convenience stores. She even offer me some cake and it was delicious : )  The apartment was very cozy, clean and tidy, as you can see on the pictures.   I met her roommate and she is also very friendly!  Amazing experience for being my first time in Airbnb, I would definitely repeat! Had a great stay here ! Very central in Harlem  The apartment  is clean and the  room is as its shown on the pictures  The bed is very comfortable Simone was very nice and welcoming  Wish I could of stayed longer :) Living in Simones apartment is very comfortable.  I had an amazing experience staying at Simones place. She and her flat mate were so warm and friendly throughout my stay. From the moment, I arrived, Simone, her friend (whose name i forget) got off so well that I felt like friends I had known for long. The room was neatly organized and the bathroom neat and artistically decorated. In all, I enjoyed my stay and look forward to my next visit. I will gladly recommend Simone as a wonderful hostess to anyone visiting. Simone was a great host and her room mate both help me out with my luggage .The place was really  nice, the flat is between three different subway  line, its very easy to get anywhere in New York and the place were I stayed was really clean, nice and also safe. The place made my visit in New York very special. I can really recommend this place and would definitely stay there again. Room is exactly as pictured!   The apartment is incredibly clean and comfortable; Simone is a wonderful host and makes you feel right at home. Location was just a few minutes walk from Central Park; it was so convenient to be right in the middle of NYC. The room is very lovely and comfortable , exactly the same as depicted in the instruction. It is located in Harlem area, about 15 walking distance from Central Park and the subway2 3 are 10 minutes from the apartment. The transportation is convenient. Simone is a very nice person. It was a great experience living in the room. Jai beaucoup aimé mon sejour chez Simone ! Elle est tres conviviale et disponible, son énergie est contagieuse !   La chambre est grande, calme et le lit confortable.  Jai adoré lambiance du quartier, proche des attraits touristiques mais assez calme.  Ma premiere experience avec airbnb est donc a renouveler et lorsque je retournerai a new york, jespere pouvoir loger chez   Simone !    I enjoyed my stay at Simone !   She is very friendly and available , his energy is contagious ! the room is large, quiet and comfortable bed.  I loved the atmosphere of the neighborhood, close to tourist attractions but quiet enough .  My first experience with airbnb is therefore renewing and when I go back to new york, I hope to stay with Simone ! Simone is a very kind and caring host who has a sunny and comfortable room to offer. The location is just perfect, just a few blocks from several different metro stations away and surrounded by jazz bars and restaurants. Great value for money place! Simone had such a great energy to her!   The room was nice, quiet,  just as the pictures depict( i thought it looked better in person! ) - right in Harlem near pretty much everything youll need and a very short walk to the MTA subway. I recommend this room if you want to be in distance of local shops and transportation this this one is for you! Small but nice and sunny room, better than seems in the photo. Near to a metro station. Simone is really nice and easy going. I highly recommend her place! Simone is a greatly hospitable person. She allowed me to settle in before offering me a tour of her place. She respected privacy, as did Charleen, her roommate, and was also very friendly--we had a great conversation before she left during the rest of my stay.    Simones description of a lovely, comfortable place cannot be more accurate, as are her posted photos. You could cook if you would like to, but I didnt make use of her kitchen. Her place is sunlit in the mornings, quiet, clean, and very conveniently located.    I dont think her place is more than a 5-minute walk from the 125th subway stop (2/3 line), and definitely less than a 10-minute walk from Sylvias Restaurant (really good soul food). I got a pretty good sense of Harlem while staying at Simones and still explored a lot of the city using her place as home base.    I definitely recommend staying at Simones. Just around the corner of the famous Apollo Theater you can find the place of Simone. Simone and her apartment are awesome! Simone is such a warm-hearted and nice person!  Unfortunately i was sick during my visit to ny, but Simone was so friendly and caring. Thanks for your kindness, Simone! The bright room had a comfortable queen-size bed, two big windows. The apartment was so clean and quiet! It´s the right place after a stressfull day in NYC.  The infrastucture is great! Subway 2 and 3 are just two blocks away. 24/7 deli in front of the door and nice restaurants around the corner. Great apartment for great price! If you don´t be afraid to go up up to the 5th floor, it´s THE place 2 b in in NYC! I had a great time at Simones place. She was very welcoming and I felt very at ease in her apartment. The room is really comfortable and clean and she and her roommate Charleen are such friendly people. Simone was great on the communication front and she made sure she was there when I arrived from the airport. Simone had loads of helpful advice of places to go out and eat & drink in Harlem...I only wish I could have stayed longer :)  It was a pleasant, peaceful and very friendly stay at Simones place. My experience is simply beautiful - beautiful place and beautiful people! Ill enthusiastically introduce Simones place to my friends. Thank you! Simone was a pleasure to deal with, and her place is lovely! I would stay here again in a heartbeat. Simone is such a kindhearted host ! Although I arrived really late, she took the time to welcome me, show me around and made shure I was comfortable. The apartment is really nice and warm and you can walk to the next station in a few minutes. From there, its just a stones throw to Downtown, Times Square etc. I had a great time, thank you :)	1
401	The host canceled this reservation 6 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. I didn’t meet Josh but I met his other roommates. They are all nice and considerate people. The place is great. Stylish and clean. Spacious and warm. I only stayed one night but would Stay here again if I come to Williamsburg. Probably the coolest Airbnb Ive stayed in. Cool area, friendly and interesting hosts, enough privacy in room. Very comfortable and warm. Modern, lovely place :) Definitely, i’ll stay there again when I visit there next. No muy seguro, dejar todo guardado con llave. Espacios compartidos sucios.	0
402	Lida was very mresponsive. The place is VERY convenient, clean and the shower was great as well.  There are other guests staying in other rooms, but you rarely heard them so it felt comfortable and reasonably private.  I would definitely repeat. Poner fotos reales del cuarto x fa The apartment we booked had a maintenance issue, so Lida arranged another place for us. The apartment was quite spacious and safe, perfect for a short stay in NYC. I wouldnt go for this deal even for free. Apartment changed last minute to someplace remote, I dint have a choice to book some place else as it was too late. From the entry to the apartment facilities, everything was bad. No water, no soap, had a hard time getting into my room as the keys were all messed up. Ah..avoidable. I booked this place for its proximity to a trade show I was attending - and on the day I was supposed to check in Lida asked me to message her (off the app) to tell me that the building had no power and I had to stay in another building in the Lower East Side which forced a 45 minute commute each day. I was given a discount to make up for my commute and a flexible checkout time - but I would not book with this host again in the future. Quick responses & a nice person	0
403	This place is gorgeous and Aaron was so incredibly accommodating. After a short walk from the train, he arranged for me to get the keys right when I arrived and also provided a full tour of the apartment. Ive already told numerous friends they need to stay here on their trips to NYC. Theres plenty of Room to comfortably sleep 7-8 people, lots of closet space for those on longer stays, huge TV with all premium channels, and super fast internet. Everything was beautifully decorated and clean, I cant wait to return.  With three separate bedrooms, open living room/dining/kitchen this place is super spacious for a NYC Airbnb! Its tastefully decorated with a large TV, cable, Wifi and plenty of room to spread out. There are windows in the front and back of the unit. Madison Square Park and Flatiron District are a 5 minute walk away. Walk all the way west on 23rd for about 25mins and you can pop up to the Highline (theres an elevator there so its perfect for families with strollers!). What wasnt perfect for families with strollers was entering and exiting the apartment. The entrance is between a Dunkin Donughts and a Nail Salon. There is scaffolding covering the entrance making it a little dark and sketchy in the evenings. The entrance door and stairs leading up to the unit is very narrow, not the easiest to get luggage and strollers in and out. The listing pictures show an image of a lovely Greenwich Village brownstone so we were pretty shocked when we pulled up and saw the entrance. Also, the residents of the building put their garbage in the tiny lobby. We were there for 4 days over Easter weekend and there were piles of really stinky garbage which we had to walk past each time we entered or exited the building. The owner, Aaron, was super responsive to our concerns, however there was nothing he could do so it did contribute to an unpleasant stay as we were constantly in and out. The unit is on the second floor and there were some unpleasant odours there as well. We bought some air fresheners which Aaron reimbursed us for and it was tolerable for the rest of our stay. Overall: spacious, comfortable and thoughtful interior, good location. A really awesome flat in a great location! Would highly recommend if you are going with a group of friends! Great location and loads of space.  This is a terrific apartment in a terrific neighbourhood. We were 7 people in all and stayed comfortably. The apartment was clean and spacious, and there was ample supply of towels etc. Overall, had a fantastic time here! Location is amazing! very comfortable to get anywhere. Apartment is not clean, Kitchen equipment is very poor, cleaning tools are not there, maintenance is poor with doors not closing and light issues, Air condition was just installed (during our stay), smell and garbage odor from building garbage cans located just under the apartment can be very strong in hot days and if you wish to open the windows there is a crazy noise from the 23rd just below. communication is good. Wont stay again. Aaron provided a tremendous place to stay from stay to finish. Simple check in, beautiful clean space, and always attentive to anything I needed during my stay. Whether a local recommendation for dinner, or letting me know where the hair dryer was located. Within minutes hed respond. It was just myself and my girlfriend, but the space is huge and excellent for groups of up to 6-8. Brand new AC units in each room kept the entire space cool. Ill likely stay with Aaron again in the future, and recommend all others to booking with him as well.  This is a great spot for a holiday, comfortable and clean, and within easy walking distance of the subway, some sight-seeing, a grocery store and restaurants. Aaron is amazingly responsive and was very flexible with me on check in when I had a hiccup in travel. It wasnt an ideal spot for a week-long business trip. It was easy to catch a cab, there are plenty of outlets, and theres a life-saving washer-dryer; theres no desk, though, and theres limited clothing storage in two of the three rooms. I would certainly stay here again for vacation! . Huge New York apartment at a greatly convenient location and a very smooth communication from Aarons side! We had a wonderful time booking with Aaron! It was a last minute work trip and we were able to find this apartment just three blocks from where we had an event. We booked it two days prior with no issues. Communication was constant.  Communication was easy, location was just as described. Would definitely return to this property! A great location! We could get around the city without any problems. I lived the two rooms away from the street. They were so quiet despite a lively scene out front.   I also enjoyed a shower with decent water pressure and a shower head high enough for a six-footer to comfortably stand under.   A rarity, too: laundry and a dish washer! Its hard to find a reasonably affordable 3 bedroom place in NYC but this place fits the bill pretty nicely.  The location is excellent.   Lots of restaurants and groceries close by in every direction and open to all hours.  Subway is a couple of blocks away.  The condo is on the first floor and up a short flight of stairs.  3 decent bedrooms so its perfect for a family or a few friends.    Some might find the bedroom that faces 23rd to be a little noisy but just bring earplugs and  problem solved.  The condo is nicely equipped and the bathroom had lots of hot water and good pressure. (Lots of fluffy towels and linen too).    In unit washer/dryer meant that we could pack lightly and leave lots of room for shopping.  And each room had an air conditioning unit that meant nights were nice and comfy. This is an amazing place located in a perfect spot to get the most out of your NY stay. I had originally wanted to stay in Greenwich but this turned out so much better, being so central to everything you need. The place has a large communal area, which was so important for four travelling together. The bedrooms were a little tight but we werent in NY to stay in bed! There was an issue with the bathroom which Aaron and Neal got onto to fix straight away. They were also lovely and amazingly helpful which made it all the better. Couldnt fault anything else. Perfect apartment Aaron was great! The place was awesome! Highly recommend it! The apartment was nice. 3 rooms. Large common area. It was clean and located in a nice enough neighbourhood. Neal, Our host was very helpful. He carried ALL our luggage (8 large suitcases and 2 small ones) up the stairs and even left us a complementary bottle of wine. We had full sports package for days we wanted to stay in. The bits I had a challenge with were outside the control of the host. Pipes kept clanging overnight and un-emptied bins were kept in the stairwell in the communal area inside the building - bad smell. But overall everything within the control of our host made our stay pleasant. I definitely recommend. Aarons place is in the perfect location and the pictures did not disappoint! Check in was smooth and so was the communication before the booking. Great location, very good value for money. The apartment was not 100% clean and it said sofa bed but Neal was very helpful in sorting out any issues. The cleaner was sent the next day to reclean and we had an air matress was provided. So I would highly recommend staying here. They were very flexible with checkout times and over all very helpfull with any enquiry. Great location in a mellow, residential section of Manhattan with perfect access to coffee shops, subway, parks, restaurants and Brooklyn. Id stay here again! Good spot, easy in/out.  Internet/TV was great.  Good spot in living area for doing some work on laptop and watching a game We are three Aussie ladies who stayed at Aaron’s place for a week in November. The location is awesome/ideal, close to great restaurants/bars and public transport.  Communication in the lead up and upon our arrival was fast and efficient. Neal helped us move in (a blessing with big bags) and showed us around the apartment - any questions we had during our stay were answered quickly.  We absolutely loved our stay.  We found the rooms spacious/ample (everyone had a queen bed) and the living/kitchen was perfect.   The front bedroom faces the street, so some may find it noisy (hello, it’s inner city!) but I had earplugs and was totally fine sleeping in that room, so just a note for sensitive/light sleepers.    Loved our stay for our girls week in NYC!  Thanks so much guys! Perfect location! Amazing space! We will definitely come back again!! Thanks Aaron and Neal! Five of us just returned from an 8 night stay. We were in town for a training which was on West 23rd so it was a great location for us to walk to and from. The place is very spacious, stylish, and clean. There are so many positive aspects of this place and I would absolutely stay here again. The communication between Aaron and Neil (who let us in) was mostly seamless. There were a couple things that would definitely not affect me staying here again but may be good to be aware of.... 1. The radiator heater in one bedroom did not work and the couple who stayed in there were cold. There is one space hearted in the apt that is useful.  2. In the front bedroom there is a fairly awful garbage smell coming from the trash being stored inside the building the floor below. We happened to have an oil infuser which really helped with this.  3. The clothes dryer didn’t work which we figured out when we had a wet load of laundry. We did let them know and it wasn’t addressed while we were there.   None of this stopped us from enjoying our experience. Thanks Aaron for offering your place! Apartment was very spacious and just as pictured! There was enough room for all 6 of us! Neighborhood was awesome as well! Great location, extra large space for NYC and comfortable beds! Definitely will return soon. 5 friends from Sydney gathered at Aarons for Christmas. Checkin was seamless, Aarons agent met us and helped us in. The layout of the place is great for groups. The bedrooms at either end of the apartment with a huge common area. Its stylish and comfortable. The location is brilliant, all subway lines are up the street eventually. This place would be perfect for families or groups of friends/couples. We actually cooked and served our own Christmas dinner here! Many nice shops and eateries close by. Lovely area of NYC to be in. Nice towels and bed linen, and youve got your own door to the street as its a small part at the front of an apartment block, only 4 units use the front door. Thanks Aaron. Family of 7 enjoyed very much the stay at Aaron’s apartment. The location is great, close to everything and supported all our needs for a week stay in New York. Will highly recommend both the apartment and Aaron as a host. Great place in a convenient location in Manhattan.  Condo was nice but had such a terrible smell we checked out after one night. The smells are of garbage and sewage so even though the host tried to fix it with some candles it was unbearable. Aaron’s apartment was very central with the main sights and places to eat all in walkable distance. The apartment was clean and had a nice big sofa to chill out in the evenings escaping from the cold weather. Aaron and his friend Neal who helped check in were very responsive and even let us leave our bags on the final day after check out for a little while so we could enjoy our last day. Thank you very much for making our trip to New York even more enjoyable!  Great location!	1
404	The host was very organized in setting up a meeting time for key dropoff. The room was very clean and had towels ready for us. Its was a nice stay. Very good communciation with the host. Everything looked as according to the pictures. My only concern that there wasnt any TV. Not a big deal but it would had been nice to watch a little tv for a bit. But other then that very comfy and relaxing. Great space. Friendly host. Really accomadating. Definitely will use again.  Our visit to NY was awesome! Toufik was very accommodating, cordial, professional and punctual. Although we only rented the room, it felt like home. The room was very clean, spacious and bright, just as described.  I would definitely recommend staying here. Good place to stay if you are looking for a no frills room close to Yankee Stadium. Near subway too. Room was clean, big and comfortable. There was plenty of parking off street if you get there early. Place was about a 10 min walk from subway and Yankee Stadium. Toufik was very flexible with check in and responsive to our messages. I stayed here for a month. I loved the location, its really close to most central train lines which is great for getting around. Toufik was always very helpful in regards to everything I needed and always available to communicate with me or assist me. Lots of places to eat and shop around. Id stay again ☺️ Close to subways and Yankee stadium. Great Place! The room is great and very sunny! less than 5 minutes to the 4, B, and D trains. Toufik was very helpful upon arrival and gave us plenty of privacy during our stay. I would definitely stay here again Toufik was an awesome host! Communicated very well with me throughout my stay and helped me out when I needed to check in late at night. Would definitely stay here again!  Toufik was a really nice host. The room was clean and comfortable to stay in. Subway is a 7-8 min walk from the place and has a good connectivity to city centre. Room was value for money. Toufik was a awesome host he have a lot of useful hints and his place was our harbour after busy day in NYC. Very clean  excellent location  fantastic host It was a really good place to check out NYC. It was near a subway station (3-5 mins to walk). Toufik was a super friendly host and I hope we stay in contact. Nice stay, clean room and welcoming host Toufik was a great host. He had many suggestions for the places to visit around his place. The room was really cozy, the common spaces very clean. The building is very close to the Yankee Stadium and to metro stations (5 minutes tops). Everything was great. Toufik could not be a better host.  He was so helpful in directions and any questions we needed answered. Everyone we came in contact with in the building were so kind and helpful. Great location to subway. Thank you again Toufik! Toufik was a nice guy and a good host.  He rushed back from a night out to let me in. He even bought new towels because his guest towels hadnt been washed yet, (I always bring my own so it wasnt a big deal to me, but it was nice that he made it a priority). The bed was really comfortable, the room was a little drafty  but overall a comfortable stay for what I needed. The room was clean and comfortable.  Very close to Yankee stadium. Toufiks communication and hospitality was top notch! Definitely recommend! It was a great experience in NYC. And this room helped a lot  It is very nice to have a clean place to stay (spend the night and take a shower). We have not even been in the kitchen, so nothing about it  But the room is bigger that we expected. Bathroom is nice and full of shampoo and gels for use. So, basically as a place to stay it is perfect I had a good experience! The place was clean and conveniently located. Toufik was very friendly!   The room is cozy and location is perfect!The host is hospitable! Toufik was very kind, also accommodated an early arrival. Made me a great cup a coffee in the morning. What more could I ask for. Definitely a hospitable host. Amazing! The photos dont do the space justice, lots of beautiful natural light and a great view of the city. Just stayed for one night with my girlfriend, as I was attending a closing at the Bronx Museum (15 minute walk away). Toufik was a lovely host and the space is very nice. Apartment is next to a park, subways and there is a great mexican spot for breakfast a few blocks away. Thank you Toufik!!!  Great host, very friendly (ask him about Algeria!) Neighborhood matches what one would expect from the Bronx, but the food from the Jamacan restaurant down the street was awesome and the room was clean, spatious, and cheerful. Loved the periodic table shower curtain and the nerdy graphs! Toufik is a great host, pretty flexible with check in and out. About his place is super clean. Excellent host, felt like I was staying at my best friends house. Toufik is very kind and generous. Room was clean, spacious, and cozy. I was there for an interview at a nearby hospital and this was an affordable experience better than I could ever ask for. Luckily, I got to try his incredible egg&cheese sandwich for breakfast with delicious Algerian dates. Wholeheartedly recommend! Toufik was an excellent host and the room was as described.  The apartment was clean and comfortable.  It is a busy area but we found street parking easily and our check-in was smooth.  Toufik is a great communicator and we enjoyed his conversation.  Great value for the cost.  Highly recommend! Hyvä hinta-laatusuhde. Lämmitin herätti meidät muutamaan otteeseen muuten hyvä kokemus kaikenkaikkiaan! Hyvät kulkuyhteydet ja omistaja oli todella mukava! Im glad I have chosen this apartment because I got to meet Toufik, he is kind host. Yes, Toufik is among the kindest and warmest Airbnb hosts you will ever meet and my chat with him was just what I needed to feel at home. Due to delayed flight I checked in very late but he was so cooperative to welcome me and  let me in at 1:00 AM.  He  was very kind to offer to wake me up early and he did actually. Also he was very kind to  let me check out late 5pm. The apartment is well set up, well equipped, and spacious. I had no issues during my  stay. If I come again, I will definitely book this room.  Toufik é um ótimo anfitrião. A localização do apartamento é excelente. Great location, close to metro. Clean, and comfortable room. Lot of space. Safe, even around midnight by metro and on foot. I was a bit afraid that it is in Bronx, but it was completely safe. Great wifi connection (could watch HD netflix). Could experience new york easily. Toufik was a great host! Super nice & very flexible in working with us as far as check in and check out. He stayed in contact with us for anything we needed. Conversation with him was nice & everything was exceptionally clean & comfortable. We would definitely stay here again given the opportunity. Toufik was a great host! Great host Place was extremely clean and organized.  Very cozy...the host is amazing very polite and professional..we will definaly booked this place again in the future.. Great place, Toufik was super kind! He was so nice and everything was really clean! Great time! Good money spent. It was the coldest week in NY while we stayed at Toufik’s place. He was very nice and helpful, so the noisy heater who was managed by the house management wasn’t a problem. Sadly we had a little trouble with the toilet just because the plumber couldn’t make it on time. All in all it’s a really nice and cozy host, right next to the stadium/ subway.  Thank you. :) S&N Toufik is very personable and accommodating. Our room was clean, comfy, and the location was near plenty of amenities. Super comfortable and really homie!!! Excellent place to stay. Five star service	1
405	"Great location , so convenient right beside the G train . Place was super clean , rooms big and warm in cold days . Very happy we stayed here . Big kitchen to cook and relax in   My suggestion is to bring your own  towels and body washing cause she wouldnt provide them. After all, good location in NY  Le logement est propre et spacieux, situé à proximité des transports publics, facile pour se rendre à Manhattan ou visiter Brooklyn. On se croirait dans une auberge de jeunesse privatisée, avec dautres voyageurs partageant les espaces de vie, ce qui est très plaisant. The bed sheets, blankets and pillows are comfortable and clean, but theres no window in the room, I feel lack of air every time walking in. And theres other guests spit in the bathroom didnt clean it, which is gross, I guess thats the problem with too many guests at the same time. The living room and kitchen is nice, big and clean. Btw,  I thought there would be shampoo provide, but theres none, so better brought your own while staying. This place is absolutely wonderful for travelers who want to get a taste of a New Yorkers life. The location is great, it is a 5 minute walk to get to the subway station and there are mini markets available at a walking distance should you ever have a hankering for chicken over rice in the middle of the night. The shared bathroom and kitchen are very clean and the bedroom is just cozy and warm. Thank you again Sonia!  Super clean. Tidy. No frills but very comfortable for a short stay and someone looking to just have a place to come sleep at the end of the night. The place is very user friendly, Sonia left very good instructions so I didnt have to interact with her at all during my stay. Would recommend. Short walk to metro. Bus close by to downtown Brooklyn.  Sonia was great and the place was fantastic. Highly recommended!  Overall, I couldnt expect much from what I paid. It was an ""okay"" place to stay. I left after first night, had it booked for 3 nights..  It is little hot because it is basement and there is no window. But It has clean and cozy beds, full-equipped kitchen(kitchen is first floor, your room and bathroom are on basement.) and good chance to meet good friends. highly recommended!   Nice location, close to subway. Quiet neighborhood. The space is nice. My boyfriend and I just needed a place to sleep and shower for the week while we were in NY and this fulfilled our need. The room gets warm but it was ok. There are other guests who stay in different rooms and you share the common area, kitchen, and bathrooms. Bathroom wasnt very clean but I think it was due to the other guests not cleaning up after themselves and not Sonyas fault. Would return to stay here and would recommend to others. It was a very valueable place to stay considering the fee(in my case). you could communicate with other travelers easily. And no problem with wifi. But, the apartment makes noise easily so you would realize soon when someone gets home from somewhere at midnight or even at noon.  however, all in all, it was nice!! The nearest subway, G line, is not so terrible at all. I enjoyed staying there.  For its price, the room was the best value we could have gotten in New York. The house was very clean, and had basically everything we needed. The only big problem was the lack of windows in the room - this made it extremely hot at night when trying to sleep, and very disorienting when we woke up. There was a fan in the room though. The house also had a hostel feeling, sice there were a few other rooms that guests are staying in. It was an easy train ride getting to Manhattan once you get used to the transit, and overall made it easy to have a fun trip to New York on a budget :) M Notre séjour sest très bien passé ! Un peu déçue par la chambre, petite et qui ne possédait pas de fenêtre et assez mal isolée. Mais pour ne rester juste pour y dormir, lappartement était propre et dans un quartier en sécurité, juste à côté dune station de métro! Très bien pour visiter New York et le quartier de Brooklyn! Fabulous,  fun, and the house mates were very fun and from another country! Sonia is quick on the response and very friendly  Relatively fair value for money. The flat has lots of other apartments (!), you will be sharing the bathroom with at least 6-7 other people. 5 min away from train G, Manhattan takes ~30 mins to reach. Sonia could not be contacted prior and after our arrival to NYC at all, but all relevant info for the check-in was shared with us in an automated message.  cleanness.  The flat is containing 4 bedrooms and the bathroom is shared between at least 12 guests. Beware that bedroom C has no window at all. The location is very close to metro line G which is convenient. Beware that this line is called Ghost because sometimes there are no trains, mainly during week-ends. So you may have to call a taxi. It was clean, things you need to know, no air, stuffy room. One outlet. No chair in bedroom. Very nice living and kitchen area. Bathroom clean, you may have to wait for bathroom. As other guest have to use it as well. Over all for the price it was good. The flat consists of 4 rooms each filled with 4 people mostly. It was really noisy the whole week because people did not respect that it was 3 am and were really loud. If you are sleeping downstairs it feels like the cealing is falling down whenever somebody is walking on the upper floor due to the wooden floor I guess.  Apart from that flat was clean and kitchen and group room looked nice and comfy.  Neighbourhood has everything necessary - shops, parks, bike station, subway station etc. We  originally booked for six nights however had to cut it short to only two nights. The room we were in was room C and it was extremely HOT at night with no window, no ventilation whatsoever. The bunk bed was so close to the light it was hard to  maneuver in and out of the top bunk! With a total of four people (3 girls, 1boy) we had only one outlet in the room, with curling irons hair dryers and phone chargers, it became difficult to get ready. At night had to sleep with the door open as it was soo hot which made us feel unsafe. The other rooms had windows and AC and more outlets and would have been perfect for us however they were booked. The host was extremely nice and understanding and had we only been there two nights it would have been ok however we were planned for six nights. Had to leave for a hotel.  Lo que más nos gustó fue que esta a dos cuadras del metro y eso facilita mucho, el área común es muy cómoda   Debería ser más clara con la descripción del departamento y detallar exactamente como son los cuartos, ya que nos tocó un cuarto sin ventanas, no entendimos a que se debe que nos haya tocado ese cuarto ya que los otros tres si tienen ventana. En general tuvimos una estancia grata, solo nos hubiera gustado saber que íbamos a compartir baños con 12 personas más ya que hasta interfiere en los planes de la mañana en tiempos.  Como recomendación sugerimos una limpia del baño ya qué hay demasiados botes de shampoo con mucho tiempo, y un calendario de turnos para respetar la fila del baño, nos tocaron unas personas muy mal educadas que no respetaron que estábamos literal formadas en el pasillo.  A notre arrivée, il y avait énormément de produits de douche autour de la baignoire et le frigo était plein daliments périmés. Il a fallu un jour où toutes les autres chambres étaient libérées pour NOUS fassions du vide et que Sonia nettoie le tour de la baignoire et le frigo. Lors de notre 2ème passage, tout était rentré dans lordre. Il faudrait peut-être attribuer une étagère du frigo à chaque chambre et vider les aliments restants à chaque départ. Les draps et serviettes sont propres. L.e ménage est fait tous les jours.  Jai regretté que le premier jour où nous avons croisé Sonia (venue faire le ménage), elle attende son départ pour se présenter. Une nouvelle coiffure nayant pas permis de la reconnaître...   Comptez 45 à 50 mn pour atteindre le centre de Manhattan. Quartier calme le jour. Nous navons pas osé tester la nuit et avons préféré prendre un taxi pour rentrer. Quelques épiceries dans le quartier, la station de métro est toute proche. mais souvent la nuit, le week-end pour travaux   Il en faudrait peu pour que cet appartement et les 4 chambres louées soit agréables.  Dans la salle de bain, un pommeau de douche amovible et réglable en hauteur, une serpillière propre et une éponge pour que chacun puisse nettoyer derrière lui. Dans les chambres, il manque une petite table et au moins une chaise. Il faudrait aussi que dans la chambre C (celle sans fenêtre), la climatisation mobile soit réparée (elle fuit) et que le plafonnier, qui oblige à des acrobaties pour se coucher dans le lit du haut, soit remplacé par des appliques. Une table de chevet et une lampe pour le lit du bas ne serait pas du luxe afin dy avoir un peu plus de lumière.  Le salon-cuisine est très agréable, les canapés confortables.  Le gros problème de cet appartement est linsonorisation. Les planchers et les escaliers en bois tremblent à chaque pas. les chambres étant au rez de chaussée, cela devient vite insupportable quand des locataires rentrent tard et font plus ou moins attention. Mais Sonia nest pas responsable des incivilités de ses locataires et comme elle nhabite pas sur place, il lui est difficile de faire respecter lordre,  Rapport qualité/prix  correct  Sonias appartement is a great place for discovering New York. Sonia is a polite host and the rooms are clean and tidy Considering the price, this is not a bad option. While overall the place was clean, the tub was pretty dirty. Dirty enough that we all wore sandals in the shower. Additionally, the ac unit in our room leaked a significant amount of water so we had to keep it off which was tough since our room didnt have windows and its dead of summer.  Beds are comfortable. Linen plentiful. Access to Manhattan & Laguardia easy & plentiful. If you are looking for a place to stay where you can put your things down and explore, or a place to rest when you are finished exploring the city, then find somewhere else other than Sonia.  From the pictures, you expect Sonia to nice and comfortable, if not a little cramped. What you get is a hostel. If youve ever wanted to be Indiana Jones, youll get your chance with Sonias place--there are doorknob locks where your key is and it will be hard to finagle it open.  Most of the rooms are downstairs in her remodeled basement where there are no windows and one bathroom for as many as 15 people. And when you contact Sonia to inquire about the staying arrangements, shell act like she doesnt understand what the problem is, and will proceed to act like your arrangements are your fault for not telling her youre coming in a large party. Keep in mind that when you read her description, at no point does it say to inform her of a large party (and you would never ask because her listing gives the impression of comfort). The room we stayed in had no windows so there was no air circulation--keep in mind that that is illegal. And the bunk bed is so wide and high, it is six inches from the top bunks mattress, making it hard to climb the top bunk, and actually dangerous in the case of skin contact and general safety. The room does have an air conditioning unit. Like another reviewer stated, it leaks... and although there must be some general awareness about this, Sonia doesnt think fixing it is important. The floor will get wet (another safety hazard), and you your clothes will get ruined if they are too close. I already talked about how there is 1 large bathroom for a lot of people. Well the tubs floor is dirty. Now if youre wondering if my friends and I were like Zach and experienced these issues over the course of 6 days, the kicker is we were only there for the weekend.  TL;DR: Sonias set up is illegal and has so many problems, its not worth staying in. Seriously find something else. The House is good located. The Room would be fine for 1 or 2 Nights but Not longer. As we arrived all Doors of the House were Open and everyone can enter. In our room were an ac but After the First use we recognized that the ac lost a lot of water and the ground was very wet. Petra knows it but only tell us because we were asking. The Kitchen and living room was very clean. Because in the house stayin a few more guests the bathroom mostly was dirty but that is the fault of the other guests who cleaned after using. Some guests were very loud. We would only come back if we are stayin one or two nights. Great, quick stay. Petra was very organized with clear details and our stay was fantastic! Overall we were happy with our stay although we may not stay again for the following reasons:  -A little far from Manhattan. Although there is a subway nearby, we ended up cabbing most of the time which added up quickly (about 25$ into town). -A little messy. The AC leaked and wet the floors (although we were very happy to have the AC since the room had no windows and would have been very hot otherwise). -The bunk beds were quite shaky and noisy. -Wifi was was very hit and miss, we did not rely on it because we usually did not get a signal (although we were almost exclusively in the bedroom in the basement - Im sure the service was much better from upstairs in the living room).  That said, check in was a very smooth and the place is fairly decent. If you want to be in Brooklyn it is a fine location and probably worth the price (it was the best deal we could find at the time) but if you want to be mainly in Manhattan youll save on cab fare and time if you stay closer to town. La casa está bien ubicada y tiene todo lo que necesitas para una estancia cómoda. Weve never saw Petra during our stay. The house is more an Hostel with several rooms in the basement and 1 on the first floor. The area around the place is nice and metro is 5 minutes walk. To reach manhattan youll need at least 30 minutes, not 15 as advertised. We asked the host information about the check-in but she never replied. The first floor has the kitchen and a living room. To access the basement there is a small stairway, people above 6"" need to low down to avoid to hit their head on an edge. The room was small, with 2 beds on top of each other. The space between the top bed and the ceiling was so tight that you could not sit but just lay down. Overall the beds were clean. There was no window, as advertised, and no air flow from the outside so that we slept with the door open to avoid chocking during the night. We spent 5 minutes to open or close the room because the doorknob was not working properly. We found a 1 inch coackroach crawiling on the floor the second moring. The bathroom was dirty overall, with used tampoon in the trash bin. We experienced freezing cold showers for some of us. Wifi was not workjng for some of our devices. I do not recomend this place at all. Great comfy place to stay. Having over 5 people sharing 1.5 bathrooms can be a bit crowded during shower time though. The small AC unit was a life saver in our room! El hogar está cerca del metro, zona muy tranquila. Supermercado en 6-7 minutos andando. Fácil aparcamiento. Regularmente viene chica de la limpieza y repasa baños, cocina y zonas comunes. Gran comedor y cocina.  Petra ayuda en lo que necesites, buena anfitriona. Great communication and very responsive if any trouble with other guest. Great place for travelers or even just to get away. Buen lugar para llegar, súper Acogedor la limpieza le faltó un poco y el baño es muy poco un solo baño (ducha) para 12 personas. La sala el comedor y la Cocina Espectaculares!!! Amplio espacio buen ambiente superó mis expectativas It was a great place to stay. Transportation into the city was super simple, and the neighborhood was very quiet for us."	0
406	"The room is much nicer in person, very nice & clean.I enjoyed my stay!! Service was great. Thank you for letting us stay at your place Jullett. Jullet is a lovely host. The bedroom is really nice, and the bed very confortable. Very clean apartment. Jullett was very accommodating. I would recommend staying here again. We spent 4 nights in her apartment. It was awesome. The owner is really friend, she helped us with everythihg we need. It was not so long to get to New York)  Her apartment was clean, she gave us towels, bathstuff, tea, coffee. There were fulll kitchen stuff even blander))))I was shocked. But it is great)    Thank u very much Jullet))))))))))))))  If next year i come to America & i will stay for sure in her apartment in New York)  Thank u again)))) It was a great place to stay, I would go there again any time again!!! The room was very nice and clean. Jullett is a very nice and helpful persons, she explained to me how to take the bus and subway to get to Manhattan! Ones you got there it is very easy! So it is a great location. Also people in the neighberhod , (people in the stores, bus etc.) are very helpful and patient (if your english is not the best dont worry)  Oh and the two dogs Julliet has are really sweet, too.  I can recomend the place 100 percent!!! Is good. Jullet is the perfect host.    Nothing is too much for her.    This was our second stay with Jullet and her standard has not diminished in any way.    She is always willing to help in any way she can.     The neighbourhood is grand and we felt safe and secure at all times.    If you are visiting New York for a day, a week or more - I would strongly recommend you to contact Jullet.    Many thanks Jullet - with Gods blessing we will proibably see you again in the future.    Richard and maureen. My stay at Julletts home was excellent. Her home is very clean and neat, and it is very convenient. There is plenty of room to park your vehicle, and the Long Island Railroad is only a few blocks away. The train ride to Manhattan is only 30 minutes. I plan on staying there again when I visit New York.  Kevin   The room I rented out was small but very neat and clean. I also became a regular to the chinese bistro that was close by. The transportation to the city (Manhattan) was reliable and easy enough, but loooong (about an hour) :) I enjoyed my stay with Jullet and would stay again.  Lovely, clean and friendly place to stay. Just a bus and subway ride to the city.   Have stayed here once before and was totally satisfied with everything I stayed again.  Hostess is friendly and charming to speak to and offers plenty of info for those who havent visited New York before.  Totally recommend a  stay here  Very nice place, professional people and the blessing of A.C.!  The kitchen was perfect and the bathroom clean!  Thanks again for the great restful time and  oh yes, it is right on the bus stops!!     Julett was great, and the place was simple and affordable.  Exactly what I needed.    Thanks Hello,  I plan on leaving this same feedback on Jullets Bargain Space, Jullet was not a good host and very hostile, she seems to be ""not willing"" to provide even simple direction for somebody that has never been to New York before, if you stay in an hotel, they will not treat you like this.    My second issue is the fact that my sister had an emergency and had to travel back, she left 2 days prior to the expiration of her stay, Jullet told my sister ""I do not care if you leave I am already paid"" this is not the way to run hospitality business, I did contact Jullet after my sister left and requested if she will refund one night and keep one night"" Her Answer ""Did you not read the cancellation policy?""    This is not the way to run a business, but I think airbnb share some of the blame, it is easy to turn people on to unwilling and uncorporative hosts, Airbnb should hold some sway over the host they associate with, I will never have gone to Jullet if not for airbnb, I did not pay my money to Jullet, I paid it to airbnb, but when I have an issue, I am turned over to an unwilling ally. Nice place, clean all around. The area was a bit seedy though, especially for tourists, and it took us almost an hour and a half to get downtown over the weekend on the public transit, or a $50 cab ride back.   Jullett saved me from sleeping on the floor at LGA with her ""insta-book"" feature.  I was in the bed fast asleep within 2 hours!  Jullett was quiet, nice, and showed me around the place before leaving.  Her home was very clean and nicely decorated.  There were two other rooms with guests, but I never saw them and they were very quiet.  The neighborhood was fine, just your average residential street, families, kids, teenagers outside during the day, but it quieted down at night.  A word of advice for those of you planning on sightseeing in Manhattan, the MTA bus - train routes to the city are confusing at best.  I recommend the LIRR which is only a 5 minute walk from Julletts place.  It costs a little more, but the seats are very comfortable, the trip is only about 20 minutes, it leaves every hour, and goes to Penn Station. If you have to stay close to the airport last minute or if you are on a budget & only plan to just sleep, this is the ideal place. Clean, definitely not the worst bed to sleep on (compared to other nyc airbnbs) & plenty of street parking. Jullett is your typical seasoned caribbean lady, she seems tough initially but in the end shes a pleasure. my mother is caribbean so im use to it. A good, last minute, cheap place to stay not too far from the city.  Jullett es muy simpatica, se toma el tiempo de explicar y averiguar todas las dudas que uno tenga, el lugar es ideal para quedarse si necesitad cerca del aeropuerto.  Jullet was a good host, although we didnt stay for too long, the room was still good. Also some neighbors helped us. Jullett was a lovely host who was receptive to our last minute booking and understanding of our late check-in time. The location was a convenient 20 min bus ride from Jamaica Center where you could catch a subway to Brooklyn and beyond from. We had a safe, clean, and comfortable stay! The kitchen and dinning room are very nice and clean.But the bedroom is too tiny for us three people.But it worth the price.Jullet is a nice woman . Amazing friendly host! The location is convenient and the lodging reflects the price.  Jullett made me feel very welcome, patient when I had trouble remembering the code and tried very hard to accommodate when I needed to extend my stay.  the neighborhood was quiet, and I felt safe no matter the time I came home. She is so friendly, and the room is good.  Julletts place is clean and comfortable. She knows how to be good host. She keeps her place spotless, she cleans the place herself and also has a cleaning lady come in. You have your own private room with a TV & AC which is soooo important in NYC humidity. For me personally the only drawback is how far she is from Manhattan, its a 1 hour commute with bus and train, with that said she is conveniently located across the street to the bus, so you dont have to walk far and the bus drops you off at the exact train station you need to get to Manhattan. If you dont mind the commute and have the time Jullettes place is an excellent choice. Thank You Jullett for being Great!  Nuestra estadía en casa de Jullett fue nuestro segundo viaje a NYC y nuestra primera experiencia en airbnb como huéspedes... la casa está un poco alejado de Manhattan pero esta bien por el precio si no tienes mucho problema de andar en metro y en bus por NYC... el vecindario es tranquilo sin eventualidades a pesar de haber llegado a casa tarde todas las noches... La recomiendo abiertamente. Thanks Jullet!iva no time to write thank you until now. This rooms not excilent,but its very good for me.Jullett is very kind.thanks! To sum it up in one sentence - ""It was an unpleasant check-in experience but pleasant checkout experience"". Everything in between was good. The place is nice and clean and the neighborhood is ok (some loud music at 3am from the road notwithstanding) with great connectivity - bus stop right across the street. Perhaps better suited to single / couples than families with kids - given that kids will jump and hop and that makes a noise on the wooden floor which is not welcome.   Jullett was very nice in agreeing to our late checkout request - really appreciate that, though during check-in, her coldness (my wife introduced herself and did not get a response!) was surprising.   I would strongly recommend the place for single/couples who play strictly by the rules (its like zero tolerance, I gather)..."	0
407	"We were unfortunately unable to make it into the city that night and had to forgo the booking, so we never actually stayed there. The person I spoke with on the phone though was very curtious and helpful. Sofias place is one of the cleanest and most comfortable place Ive experienced through airbnb. I couldnt talk to her much but she seemed very accommodating and nice person.   She let me late chekout as I had missed my flight. Neighbourhood is very peaceful. Do try the spanish bar across the street  Everything was great though I would suggest letting people know that youre in the middle of an Orthodox Jewish neighborhood. No judgment but a heads up would be appreciated since its a bit of a shock! Very easy and comfortable stay.   Sofia helped with a package we had delivered she was fantastic! Very good price and Sofia is very attentive to your needs. Sofia let me know all about checking in and the bells and whistles of the place well beforehand. That is so appreciated! The flat reminds me of Europe, with its high ceilings and that sparse, old feeling you get that seems to pour out of the walls. Lots of space to pretend you are a New Yorker in.    Absolutely adored the neighborhood. It was shabbat while I was there and the Hasidic character of the area was in full effect. It was like traveling to another country for a night. Very special. The apartment is exactly like in the photos and was cleaned. Sofía wasnt there when we got there but she arranged a way to make it easy for us to get the Keys. Also the train is really close. The location was just as described. Had a great time overall. Thank you! Sofias place was wonderful. Super good Korean bbq spot and burger spot nearby. Pretty safe neighborhood. The Hewes subway stop is also a 1-2 min walk. Definitely recommend the place to others! Clean apt in a very cozy area because it close to Manhattan and another good place. Its very comfortable to get this place because it located on a road from JFK Aeroport by ""J"" line of NYC subway. Ce logement fut une agréable surprise. Beaucoup damis nous avaient dit que le logement serait minuscule et très vieux. Ce nest absoulement pas le cas. Il convient parfaitement pour 3-4 personnes, même si le deuxième lit/canapé est plus petit.  De plus il est situé tout près de la station Hewes sur la ligne J et M, ce qui vous permet de rejoindre Manhattan très facilement. Le quartier bien quun peu sal est situé près dune cave à vin très sympathique, dun super marché avec des produits frais et à 10-15 min à pied de la boite TBA si vous voulez sortir. Très agréable séjour.  Sofia was very communicative and kind, check-in was easy, though I did have to wait a little bit for the cleaner to finish. I was super appreciative of having a late check-out time, so thanks to Sofia for that. The neighborhood is great, apartment is perfectly located. If youre a light sleeper, being ground-level on a somewhat busy street might not be the best for you, just a heads-up. The only problem I had was that I was a bit concerned that one of the front windows did not lock, since it was a ground-level apartment. For sorting last minute housing, it was definitely a gem.  Easy check in. Responsive host. Good location. Quiet and nice. Great place. Very clean, and just like it appeared in the photos. Heads up that two beds means a bed and a futon - I slept on the futon and it was fine, but probably not for someone with back issues. Super easy to get into Manhattan/around the city: 1-2 minute walk from Hewes St station, 8-10 min. walk from Marcy St. and Broadway stations. Such a good value for NYC - beats any hotel (and most of the other airbnbs) by a long shot! Only issue was with one of the building doors sometimes being locked when it shouldnt have been, but we figured it out eventually. Overall I would definitely recommend this place.  Place was exactly as advertised. No frills place in a hip area of Brooklyn. I would stay here again.  The place was in a great location but it was lacking several things : not enough towels, no microwave, no wash cloths. Hopefully the oven works when the next person stays here     Great place, but pretty bare-bones. Gets the job done as a place to sleep but would be a slightly better value if it had some more towels/other amenities. Right next to a large orthodox Jewish community - one night was very quiet, but our second night happened to be Purim, and the entire neighborhood had a huge party in the streets. It was quite entertaining but not the best for sleeping. I assume thats pretty rare, though. Super quick subway access and some great places to eat nearby.  It was a good experience. The house have a perfect location near a subway. Good wi-fi. thanks a lot.  Appartement très bruyant, aucune isolation : bruits de la rue passante (klaxons et métro aérien) et bruits de la part des voisins (au-dessus). Le canapé lit est très dur et petit. Mes fils ados y ont dormi assez difficilement. lappartement est équipé du minimum cest à dire assiettes, verres, couverts, casseroles, poêles et rien dautre même pas une passoire pour égoutter des pâtes ou du riz, pas douvre boite. Cest très limite. La connexion wifi na fonctionné que la moitié du séjour. En somme, une grande déception pour cet appartement au vu des commentaires, nous navions pas limpression davoir loué le même appartement décrit par les locataires précédents. Je ne comprends pas bien comment quelquun peut donner un 5* pour cet appartement. Cétait ma 1ère location avec airbnb mais au vu de cette expérience, je vais réfléchir à 2 fois avant de relouer.  The place its what you see in the pictures and no more than that. It gets the job done as a place to sleep but nothing more. Its a pretty loud apartment, not only for the street noise but also you can hear the apartment above and the adjoining one. It also lacks basic things that a tourist really needs like salt, sugar, a knife to cut some vegetables, a can opener, etc. It doesnt even have a hanger for a coat, a hand towel in the bathroom or where to hang one there. I think that with minimal effort and very little money they could improve a lot the hosts experience. Location is convenient to get to manhattan but the closests station, Hewes St. Is a local stop and express lines dont stop there, so take notice when coming and going to the island. Place was very basic as per the pictures. The futon sofa is not something youd want to sleep on for more than a couple of nights and not really suitable for 2 adults. During our stay there was heavy rain in New York and our toilet overflowed into the bathroom and our shower became blocked. A plumber was sent round the same evening and sorted things out - building is however very old so I suspect this problem may be common when raining heavily. All in all however, if you are looking for a no thrills relatively cheap stay in Brooklyn, I would recommend this place Sofias place was really nice, and I was happy to be back in Williamsburg. Check in was very easy, although the main door of the apartment didnt lock, something that didnt present a problem (all the neighbours were very friendly) but nevertheless didnt make us feel totally secure. That said it was perfectly located and a great spot to rent if youre familiar with Brooklyn. Sofia and Mark  were very communicative when there were a few hiccups during our stay, and no doubt this is a very convenient location in Brooklyn for getting into Manhattan. The apartment does look true to the photos, however the amenities were very bare, and the iron bars on the windows (street level) didnt actually close all the way, which was worrisome as the windows didnt seem to lock either. The dining room smelled a bit moldy, and the first night we didnt have AC even though it was listed on the page as an amenity. To be fair, they did have someone come install window AC units during the next day, but the first night was very hot and uncomfortable. If youre looking for a very low maintenance place to crash, this will do the trick! Simple place, as described. Good wifi. 3min walk to the train station which gets you into Manhattan in 20min. Traffic noise can be quite loud in the main bedroom so if youre a light sleeper it could be tricky but it was fine for me.  I loved that this apartment was in a location that was really close (about 1 block) to the Hewes Station that you can take into the city. It includes all the basic necessities needed. There is a really big Hasidic Jewish community in Williamsburg so you will see a lot of them walking around. Overall Sofias place is a great place to stay. Check in was easy and Sofia responded promptly when there was an issue with the internet. Thank you so much, Sofia! Easy to deal with the host. The apartment is in a great location just minutes away from Manhattan  Sofias place was comfortable and convenient. Check-in was totally painless (lockbox). However, the apartment was much dirtier than depicted in its pictures: there were several missing lightbulbs, the shower curtain was covered in mold, and the shower had a friendly slug in it.  If the apartment were thoroughly cleaned, I would rate it 5 stars. Was exactly what we needed and as advertised! Adorable place, loved the art hanging & yes, its a very comfortable bed. Most places in this neighborhood cost a lot more so we felt really lucky to find this deal on a cute apartment near some great restaurants and bars. It was nice to have somewhere cozy to get back to after a few very long work days, and to blast some cold A/C on a hot night! Thanks Sofia and Mark! The place is great for 3 people we have plenty of room! It is very close to the subway station only 1minute walk. Easy check in and we love the place!  The place has what you need as far as a shower and bedding. But the bathroom was VERY old and not clean.... There was a spider and I killed about 5 slugs WHILE in the shower....The sofa that folds out into a bed is extremely uncomfortable. We loved the location in this very friendly neighborhood. There is a very nice restaurant/bar around the corner and next subway station is very close. The apartment is nice, but we cant recommend it for three persons, because the sleeper couch is really small and uncomfortable. Thx to Sofia and Mark for the helpful mail and the easy way to check in. Comfy and great venue. Definitely recommend especially for the location in NYC! Nice enough place in a good location. Walking distance to multiple train lines including the G and L. Its right on the street so can be noisy but wasnt an issue for me. Good only if you have a very tight budget. Ideal location if you would like to stay in the Williamsburg area. The apartment is as desribed. Very well located and safe to live. Wouldnt recommend it for more than 3 and longer than a week. This apartment is ideal for the traveler who needs the bare minimum and doesnt plan to spend much time in the apartment. It is conveniently located near the train stop and a .5 - 1 mile walk to the heart of Williamsburg. The apartment contains all amenities listed but it is bare bones. The bathroom is in need of a good cleaning and repair as the edges of the tub were covered in duct tape and smelled musty. The apartment was pricey given the amenities inside but is was sufficient as a place to sleep and night and shower in the morning. Sofia and Mark’s place is in a great location. They made check-in and the stay very simple and pleasant. I stayed here for four nights and thought the apartment was great for the price.  Really close to the subway stop that got me to Manhatten in only 2 stops and could walk the G train to get across Brooklyn.  Also close to nice coffee shops and local bars.  The furniture is basic but adequate and the bed is comfortable.   The checkin was really easy and the hosts are very responsive.  Would definitely stay here again. Awesome place to stay, very good area. As other guests have mentioned, this place is for the traveler who needs just the basics. I stayed here for over 3 weeks and it suited my needs. It is an older apartment, as stated in the description, and I believe the price matches well with whats offered and is a solid value--you have a 1-bedroom to yourself. The location is right off the J train and a 10-15 minute walk to central Williamsburg, so its very convenient to get around. Sofia and Marks place was slightly deceiving. The photos highlighted a bright and clean apartment. The actual building is not particularly enticing or clean. The adjacent apartment has extensive storage outside of their home in the hallway outside of Sofia and Marks spot leading to a messy and cramped feel. The bathroom was not clean; the shower was lined with duct tape which was concerning. There was some shampoo provided but I would bring your own travel size bathroom needs. The stove required a light to start which was not clarified online and was not located in the apt (though the owners stated it was in the cupboard) so we were unable to cook. The futon is not too comfortable so I would not recommend that 4 stay here. The coffee maker that is there does not have filters so it is not usable. The pots and pans that were there were sticky from previous use - very gross. The cleaning fee seemed steep for what is actually required to clean this minimalist space.   Some positives are that it is an easy walk to the subway and a quick ride into Manhattan. The bed was surprisingly comfortable. If you are driving, there is relatively easy street parking nearby. There is Wifi and a nice TV. Although I think this is a little high for what was offered, if you literally just need a place to sleep, this is a good option."	0
408	"Meget fint værelse i gode omgivelser. Overdragelse fungerer nemt og ubureaukratisk. Alt i alt en meget god oplevelse. God italiensk restaurant lige om hjørnet The neighbourhood was the best thing ever! Its like living the Spike Lees movie ""do the right thing"".  Titus was so nice and welcoming, he helped us moving in the city and he was so helpful explaining us how to reach the airport in N.J.  I surely recommend Titus.   We had a really good time in brooklyn. We only met Titus at our departure, but he was a great help before we arrived.   The room was fine for the price, and the neiberhood was great, about 10 min walk to the subway. The parking is also free on the street.   I recommeded this flat for everyone whos planning to be away during the day and want to have a safe place to sleep at night.     Nous avons passer un très bon séjour à Brooklyn. Nous avons rencontrer Titus seulement à la fin du séjour, mais il a été très accommodant avant notre arrivée. La chambre a bien du bon sens vu le prix et le quartier. Cest à 10 min a pied du métro et le stationnement est gratuit dans la rue.  Je conseille cette chambre si vous comptez passer plus de temps à lextérieur et que vous cherchiez un endroit sécuritaire pour dormir.     Jasmine  He spoke with us on more than one occasion before we even arrived. Which let us know that he cared. He met with us in timely fashion and everything was very clean.   Staying at Titus was a great experience, the neighborhood is very familiar and theres a lot of restaurants just around the corner. Titus was a great host, he even allowed me to drop off my luggage before the check in and after my check out. The most important thing is that the subway station is really close to the house and it can take you to Manhattan in 25 min or JFK in 50 min! Quartier très bien situé, calme avec un accès rapide au métro pour Manhattan. Quelques commerces dans le quartier pour faire des courses.   Hôte invisible pendant notre séjour.   Logement à la hauteur du prix : ne pas être trop exigent.    Muy bonito lugar, comodo y limpio. Muy cercano al subway y muy amables todos.   Location is great as its right near the metro, the hosts were all super friendly and the room was perfect for what we needed. Initially there was a little mix-up with airbnb and Titus double booked the Brownstone room.  He accommodated me by placing me in one of his other properties, which was a studio apartment downstairs.     Overall the neighborhood was great and a short subway ride (26 mins) to times square.  The bed was fine and AC kept the room cool in 90 degree weather.  Be aware of the $60 cleaning fee in the description that is not built into the online price.  His partner Van was great at telling us about the neighborhood and things to do.  Also a good person to talk to.    I would definitely book one of his places again.   Titus is a great host, the neighborhood is awesome, many options to eat and drink (Lunatico is one of them next to the house) you can walk to subway station.The room is clean comfortable but only for couples because if a 3rd person stays the pull out bed is really bad and wi-fi doesnt work besides that the location is absolutly amazing. We had a great stay at the apartment! And Titus was an awesome host! He was always reachable and gave us information about restaurants and bars in the neighbourhood. Which were nice places to eat and drink! The room was just like on the pictures. It was clean and we had a  kitchen and a bathroom which we shared with three other guests. There was also a metro station just 10 minutes walk from the apartment. So Manhattan was easily to reach.   All in all we had a great time and would really recommend Titus as a host. Thank you! Good location, nice street  - but sorry this one is not for us. Yes, the Brownstone building is old with some original features but we found the standard of accommodation and shared facilities was very run down compared to other similar priced citybreak Airbnbs we stayed in and enjoyed. We also found the cleaning was poor despite the $60 cash ""cleaning fee"" charged by the host per booking.   However we really liked this area of Brooklyn - friendly people & is good as a base for NY sightseeing - the local Italian restaurant on the corner is good quality evening food, cafe Brunswick good for breakfasts and bar Lunatico is a great spot for live jazz music - try and see Richard Julian (jazz songwriter) and his band who plays regularly - he owns the bar and lives there!  The listing description was correct and the host is a gentleman. Very neat and friendly. He made me feel like weve known each other for more than 10 seconds.  Titus was an excellent host. As we arrived he was ready to give us the keys and introduce us to our room. The room was very good value for money, spacious and warm. Wifi works very well and there is an extra sofa bed/couch that you can also use. The neighbourhood is also very nice, excellent coffee shop the corner of the street (Saraghina Bakery) and the grocery shops are open till late and even do hot food which is convenient. The train station is just 10 minute walk from the place with trains straight to Manhattan. All in all we had an excellent time. It was lovely to stay at Titus... The room had what eas needed, and everyone was very helpfull :)  De room looked just like the photos, with nice old elements. But I was  disappointed about the dirt in the bath room. It was more like a barely cleaned students bathroom, then like a welcoming Airbnb bathroom. We have been for 8 days at Titus and  it should have been nice if Titus had cleaned the room once in that period, especially because weve paid an extra cleaning fee of 60$ cash.  The neighbourhood was lovely and the train station really near by, which makes it a good place to go if you want to visit Brooklyn, Manhattan and the other NY neighbourhoods.  Très bon accueil.  Nos hôtes sont gentils et serviables. She welcomed us friendly and told us about people living on that street. What shouldn we see in NY. The room was clear and prepared for us. But that house was in Brooklyn, so We were scared a little bit, because once we found the door opend. But it was possible to be there a few days.  What a great experience! Maiya was simply amazing..all the way from booking, to responding to my emails QUICK, and greeting me at the curb when I arrived. She made me feel like family; checking up on me, making sure I knew where everything was located (subway, grocery, restaurants, etc) - I felt like I knew her!     The room was just as pictured - warm, cozy, relaxing, and quiet. While I shared the top floor with other guests, I would not have known it.. In hotels I can usually hear other guests but here, I didnt hear anyone!     WiFi was great to have as well! Subway was a few blocks away but the walk was not bad - neighborhood was safe and people greeted others on the street. I walked home at midnight and was not alarmed, people seem to look out for each other. All in all, my first Airbnb experience was a huge success - I will definitely be back again! Thank you Maiya for everything!   A warm welcome by Maiyas relatives though she was not available at our time to check in. Titus is very kind and one of great host for our family visit in Brooklyn and NYC. We all loved this charming beautiful brown house and it is truly a great experience. We received quick and prompt responses most of the time where we felt like a truly friendly and warm hospitality during our visit. We had stayed for 6 nights. Maiya and Titus are both great host above our expectation. The most impressive is that though this is a share apartment, we felt like a real private apartment where Maiyas and Titus allow us to live here like our own apartment, where some neighbors were also very nice. Thanks so much Maiya and Titus to allow us stay in your beautiful brown house. A great value for our visit to NYC.  Joyce, YangYi and Anan Room was comfortable, cozy, and clean. With some cute eateries steps away. Thanks for having us Maiya! Maiya was an awesome host ! The place was very comfortable and we loved to stay there for two weeks ! Would always stay again and recommend that place for everyone ! :)  Me and my girlfriend spent 9 nights at this lovely apartment/room. We totally fell in love with the neighborhood!    Room: The room was nice and spacious. There was a closet that was very handy and there was alot of space for your personal items. The bed was OK. There was a nicely equipped kitchen right next to our room and the bathroom was clean.    Neighborhood: The neighborhood was superb! Before visiting i was under the impression that Bed-Sty might be a bit rough, but we were proven wrong. The street was really quite and there were alot of lovely restaurants / cafes  / bars. I have to recommend the   Cafe George-Andre: Lovely place for a morning coffee  Tepache: Unbelievable Mexican food (try the guacamole)  Bar LunÁtico: Nice and cosy Jazz bar just next to the apartment    Host: Maiya was just lovely. She did everything she could to help us and dealing with her was easy as dealing with a friend. She gave us our own space and she was there when we needed her. She took good care of the public spaces and she was very flexible with the check-in and out times.    Thank you for the grate stay and i would defiantly recommend this room for my friends! We loved the attentiveness of Maiya.  She was waiting for us when we arrived.  Maiya was very helpful and resourceful with all of our questions.  She gave us great directions and suggestions to places to eat and how to get around the City.  Loved the accomodations.  Thank you, see you this summer. Enjoyed my stay in this spacious room! It is quite a walk to the subway station, but if you leave in the morning to see NY and come back in the evening, it is not that big off a deal. The communication with Maiya was perfect.  Maiya est une hote très accueillante qui nous a de suite mis à laise. Elle est très disponible, il ne faut pas hésiter à lui poser des questions, elle est de bons conseils. Nous sommes partis en couple, la chambre était spacieuse et propre. Le quartier est très sympa, nous sommes rentrés le soir tard sans soucis. Si nous devions revenir à New York nous retournerions à Brooklyn ! the location is great! and maiya is really a nice person! Iquane was there upon our arrival and was very helpful. The apartment was nice and the room was very large with ample closet space and an AC unit which was so necessary for the summer humidity. We really only slept there and left in the early morning, which worked out well because it was a quick 5 minute walk to the subway. Overall good experience! We booked the room for 5 nights and it was nice,  it looked exactly as on the picture. Though we were coming way behind Check in time due to a delayed flight we were welcomed nicely. The neighborhood is pretty and safe and it does not take long to get to all the New York sights.  There was only one tiny thing,  please replace the shower curtain. Except from that everything was great. it was ok! certaily different to the picture - be was not that comfortable!  but ut was good!  Host Iquane is a very irresponsible chap. Son of the owner of the place. The cleaning was not done and rooms vacated by others are left uncleaned. State of bathroom is dirty and rubbish left as is for days. The room floor and windows are dusty. The photo is probably when the room was first done up. But the current status is pathetic.   The internet service also went dead after the first few hours and sputtered back into action after complains.  The worst experience of all is, when my online delivery was made to address during my stay, Iquane demanded $25 from me for the use of his address. He backed off when I challenged him on the logic of the demand. But that certainly left a very unpleasant feeling for the remainder of the stay because you begin to worry for your safety and the integrity of the host.  The venue is reasonably ok though not fantastic as compared to other parts of Brooklyn. While food is available around that area, it is generally higher than other parts of Brooklyn.  Proximity of the subway is not too bad.   Overall, I wont recommend it if unless you dont mind staying in a dirty place. Initially we would have a different person who rent us the room (for the same room). The reviews were very positive. It said that she really helped people. We came in and the person who let us in was very rushed. We try to call five times that day, without success. We have never seen him after the moment he let us in.  Location is nice, just 10 min from subway. The neighborhood is pretty, many small bars and stores.     But we didnt enjoy our staying for 3 reasons:  - the bed was uncomfortable  - It was pretty noisy at the night. Because of hosts family who stayed at the room next to our  - The room, kitchen and bathroom were dirty during all days.   So we left this place early.  Room is more worn than photos show, but still pretty and decently clean, in a pretty neighborhood thats close to the subway. The host was initially communicative and let me check in early. When I got there, I saw that the beds box spring was wuite clearly cracked in half. I contacted the host, and he sent someone over to fix it/replace it if necessary. I left for the day to attend to business in Manhattan, and when I got back late that night, the bed was still broken. I left and contacted the host to request a refund-- no response. I tried again in the morning-- no response. I ended up having to open a case through Airbnb (he never responded to them either), which they settled in my favor.    Decent room, but terrible way of doing business, and the unwillingness to respond turned this all into a big headache for me. Dont rent the room without verifying that the bed has been fixed first. Titus and his family are really warm welcoming people. We really liked meeting them and listening to their travel recommendations during our stay. Very nice neighborhood with exceptional coffee and bar right next door! I would recommend this place for 2 people, but the futon is really uncomfortable for a 3rd person. Also, the bathroom is shared with another guest room and could use a deep clean. Minor issues, but overall a great stay in NY! nice place ... thanks. The person who met us was very friendly and open to questions. The bedroom was less than expected. The bed wasnt very comfortable and the extra futon bed unusable. Our son had to sleep elsewhere. Host was awesome. Neighborhood was ok with some good eats. Very convenient as far as access to a Subway.  Great place quiet  Perfect for those taking trips on short notice. They were more accommodating and I will definitely be staying her again. Also, I appreciate the smell of bleach in all the rooms when we first got there. A+ The room was spacious and clean. Towels and various toiletries were provided which were very convenient.  We were close to the subway and I felt very safe in the neighborhood. Would definitely stay again! Very gracious host, other guests were very loud Nice The place is not as shown in the photos. The bedrooms are way more worn out then the photos. The bathroom is dirty and working properly. The blanket and towels seem dirty and not well prepared. The extra bed in the bedroom doesnt function properly and it is not comfortable at all. We smelled weed in our room so we thought the host was smoking weed when we were there which made us uncomfortable. Please do not rent this airbnb unless after the place is renovated.  快速が止まる地下鉄の駅も近く、便利でした。また、時間外のチェックインも対応してくださり、返信も早いのでおすすめです。 Beautiful place! The room is really nice and is located close to a lot of nice shops, restaurants and cafes. Utica Ave is a 8 min walk and the neighbourhood is quiet and peaceful The place was simple but lovely.   Simple quiet and clean.   Nice place to sleep.  Check in and check out was easy.   Thank you Rica! The place is bad to okay , if you are searching a place that is not to far away from Manhatten and not too expensive its right . The Metro is very close and the ride is not very long. The problem is just that the room , bathroom needs to be renovated very badly.  The windows are dirty,  one is almost falling out , our closet was full with trash and its very sticky , even when you turn on the air-conditioner . The bathroom I dirty and there is mold in the shower.   All in all it was okay to stay there,  me and my family didnt feel super comfortable but it was okay for four days.  Very nice, clean, and 100% as described. Enjoyed my stay. 房間照片看起來比實際上要漂亮,房子有點年紀了所以木地板走路聲音比較明顯,但是距離大的地鐵站交通很方便走路10分鐘內可以抵達,旁邊就有超市和好吃的餐廳,地鐵可以直達曼哈頓各個地方還算方便!車程約40到50分鐘可以抵達鬧區。 En soi, la chambre est mignonne et le quartier très sympa mais je crois navoir jamais vu une salle de bain aussi sale dans un pays développé... Le prix est attrayant mais pour devoir se laver en tongs pour éviter de toucher quoi que ce soit et pour trouver des fourmis par dizaine dans la chambre qui vont et viennent dans les valises : never again! Malgré cela la personne qui nous a accueillies était très sympa et arrangeante. Lots of nice bars, local to the house and markets with cheaper food than the city. Lunatico is a great spot for coffee or a drink.  Room was nice and bed is really comfortable! Great neighborhood with a lot of stuff to do. My only complaint is the shower head doesnt have much pressure.  It was alright I wouldnt stay there again Very bad  Ricas brother was there to welcome me. He was very friendly and made it easy to check in. The room is a lot more run down than the picture looks so be aware of that. Kitchen was nice but the bathroom was a little old and dirty. Could do with a revamp.  Great place to stay in this area! Try Kafe Louverture nearby - soooo delicious!! Overall, it was okay for this price point. Dont try to sleep on the couch. There are separate hot and cold taps which makes it difficult to wash hands and face. Also I hadsome issues with trying to adjust the water temperature in the shower as well. The kitchen and the bathroom are shared with the other room on the same floor.  Spacious room with soft bed. Kitchen and bath fine. Good neighborhood with a few bars, restaurants, and a small grocery.  Ricas was lovely! Its a beautiful building with a lot of character! I hope to stay with rica again when I come back to NY, it was a great escape from Manhattan without being too far. The building is old, but honestly is in pretty great shape. The only drawback it has is the window A/C units which take a little while to cool down a room (we went for a summer trip) but it definitely still worked and kept our room cool. Overall a great place to stay! Place was great, thankyou! very quiet and a comfy bed. we werent expecting an AC but there was a window unit which was great with the heat wave. its a ten minute walk to the blue line with some cute shops and restaurants on the way. they were super nice and accommodating, the room just a lot different than it looked in the pictures. It was A LOT more worn down and the paint looked really bad, the floors were dirty and the water pressure in the bathroom was terrible.  The description is pretty accurate. The room provides a bed for 2 persons (could be tight) and a futon, which isnt really comfortable. The bathroom needs to be renovated. The rest of the suite is quite old, but it fits The Brooklyn way and doesnt stand out negatively.  Everyone in that area of Brooklyn was very nice and helpful. I can recommend the stores and restsurants right next to the flat. In Fulton St, there are very nice opportunities to go shopping, the prices are obviously way lower than in Manhattan. As tourists we were told to avoid the easter part of Brooklyn and The Bronx.  Itll take you 7-10 minutes to the Subway station Utica Av and the A line will take you to Manhattan in about 20 mins. So apart from the bathroom that is mediocre, I can fully recommend a stay at the old Brownstone house!  Die Unterkunft von Rica liegt zentral und ist gut zu erreichen. Der Kontakt war nett, der Gastgeber freundlich und hilfsbereit. Die Unterkunft selbst benötigt dringend eine Renovierung, die Fenster sind kaputt und lassen sich kaum öffnen, so dass die Luft im Raum schnell sehr stickig ist. Außerdem raucht der Gastgeber im Haus, so dass es immer wieder nach Rauch riecht.  Das Zusatzbett (Sofa) ist sehr unbequem und eigentlich nicht zu nutzen.  Die Fotos sehen wesentlich besser aus als die Realität.  Das Bad ist zweckmäßig eingerichtet, aber auch nicht sauber und ansprechend. Alles in allem eher enttäuschend, wir würden es nicht weiter empfehlen. Nous navons pas rencontré Rica. La chambre nétait pas celle montrée sur la photo. La chambre sur le site existe réellement mais... le monsieur qui soccupe des locations nous explique quelle est prise et quil doit nous héberger dans une autre. Ladresse où nous avons logé ne correspondait pas à celle reçue via le site. Salle de bain sale. Le wi-fi fonctionnait par intermittence. Devions rester 3 nuits, sommes parties après la première. I really cant recommend Rica as a host. Dont book any of her rooms!!! My stay with Rica was by far the worst experience with Airbnb. When I looked through Airbnb I found Ricas room and thought its perfect for me and my friends. About one hour before the check in we got a private text message from Rica that the room we booked needed some repairs. She offered us a new room and refund for the inconvenience. So we accepted. When we arrived at our accommodation a young woman and a young man gave us the keys. We never met Rica in person. The new room was dirty and needed to be renovated immediately. The electricity plugs and WLAN were not working at all. We also had bugs in there. My friends and I were so shocked from this and didnt act quickly enough. So we missed the moment to talk to those two people. Rica is not living in the house where she offered the rooms. The whole room and house were disgusting. We met a young man from Canada and a family from the Netherlands who also rented a room from Rica via Airbnb and they told us that they got the same text message from Rica and that their rooms are in the same condition like ours. That cant be an coincident ! They scumed us all. We tired to get in contact with Rica but she never answered back again. We never got the promised refund. The only good thing about this accommodation was the close metro and bus connection. Please dont book any of Ricas rooms. It just wastes your hard earned money. They may be good reviews on her side which caused me to trust her as well but I highly doubt that they are real. Dont book any of Ricas rooms !!! When I think of a cute little New York brownstone this place comes to mind. The location was easy to find and access by train and bus. I felt like the neighborhood was pretty safe. The room I stayed in was nice and comfortable. I would come back again for sure. Our room was not available but we got free upgrade to studio with own kitchen and bathroom so it was nice. Really close to subway. I like it. :) . This is a perfect place for someone who is looking for a bed to lay their head at night (but nothing more). The room was clean and we were provided fresh towels. There is a bed and a futon for guest along with a lock on the door for additional privacy. The bathroom is shared and so is the kitchen, although we never saw any other travelers. It is about a 10 minute walk from the subway. During the day the walk was fine but at night we felt more comfortable taking an Uber from Manhattan. To get back from the subway you must pass a park which seemed to bring out a rowdy crowd at night. Water pressure and temperature was all over the place. For the price I do not regret staying here. Rica (host) was very accommodating with our later than planned check in. Een mooie kamer, alleen een beetje warm. Was overdag 28 graden. Misschien kan een ventilator helpen. Verder was alles schoon en netjes, maar wel oud. We hebben er alleen geslapen en de rest van de tijd zijn we in de stad zelf geweest. Hiervoor is het een ideale locatie. Habitación sin aire acondicionado mucho calor We had a great stay at Ricas. The vibe in the neigh-borough is great and it is close by to excellent restaurants and to the public transportation.  I would definitely stay again at Ricas Great place and great price for the area. Close to cool bars, coffee shops and 24/7 bodegas Résidence près de tout ce que nous avions besoin. Rica est toujours disponible pour répondre à nos interrogations. La chambre est parfaite, grande et calme. Cétait très confortable. Good location ,and nice hold but the building is a little bit old Great safe place to stay on a budget.  Bed was good, but the futon was hard as rocks, so if you need three sleeping spots ask for the room with an actual extra bed.  Overall was a great experience and there is a fridge in the kitchen now.  You can’t expect 4 stars hotels though, if you want that book one. ソファベッドが有り3人までokとの記載だったが、ベッドはセミダブルのため2人での利用はまず無理。ソファベッドはスプリングが劣化しており硬く長時間のフライト後の身体にはかなり堪えました。  また、チェックイン情報もこちらから聞くまで入室方法は情報は貰えず、与えられた情報も不十分であったため先にチェックインした友人は深夜の極寒の中閉め出され、ホストに連絡するもまったく連絡がつかず一晩家の中に入ることが出来なかった。  家は思ったより古かったものの設備などに不備はなかったが、あまり手入れが行き届いていない様子。トイレットペーパーが無くなる寸前に連絡を入れ、直ぐに対応してくれたことは有り難かった。 Nice place! There’s a cool bar in the corner Rica’s place is just what I needed for a day in the city.  The room was very spacious and warm (thank God because it was freezing out).  The room consisted of a full size bed and futon.  There were fresh linens on the bed and bath towels were available. The bathroom was in the hall which was shared with other renters.  There was a kitchen located right next to the bedroom.  -Location was the best if you love the Bedford Stuyvesant area of Brooklyn.  - Nearby Restaurants: Peaches, Saraghina,  Beso if you are a foodie.  -WiFi access   I will definitely visit Rica again in the near future. It is half of what you see in the pictures and the smell throughout the house was unbearable. Will never recommend it. Shower nob was broken. Bed was very light and noisy."	0
409	Brookes place has the perfect location right on the Lower East Side in Manhattan, a really great neighborhood. We had some minor problems upon our arrival, but Brooke fixed them quickly. The apartment is small but a good base from where you can explore Downtown Manhattan without spending time on subways. Brooke was very welcoming and made our stay in NYC easy. The apartment was lovely, small but comfortable, and decorated well. Even the kitchen shower was charming! Fantastic location!! I would definitely stay here again! Brookes place was great for the New Years weekend! We really liked the neighborhood and it was easy to get around the city via subway from her place. Check in and out was easy.  Lovely flat and great location. Felt very homely and would stay again. Brooke was very helpful if I had any questions! The apartment was wonderful as expected and the neighborhood is fantastic. There is an astounding number of fantastic restaurants and places to get snacks a short walk away. The host canceled this reservation 277 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. We stayed at Brookes place for 10 nights and it was great! A really good location, great pizza across the road and a mix of restaurants for different budgets within 5 minutes walk. Theres also a F train station 2-3 minutes walk away. Check in/out was easy, it was a lock box a couple of blocks away. The place was as described. Brooke also wrote a couple of times to make sure we were ok. Overall great stay! Place was very convenient, cozy, thoughtfully arranged, and generally pleasant to stay at. The apartment had everything one would need. The best part, it was very quiet in the bedroom, which to some one like me who is a light sleeper, is very important. I felt like I was staying in my house. Brook responded and resolved any issues we had quickly. I would stay there again. There was a convenience store with basic groceries one block down the street and a lot of nice places to eat on the same street. The street and the building seemed very safe.	0
410	A great experience!  Sharons apartment is beautifully furnished and decorated.  Sharons roommate, Andrew, waited for me even though I train was an hour later than arranged.  He was very helpful with the area and advice on things like where to get coffee/breakfast in the morning. Nice cotton linens with a down comforter were on the comfortable queen sized bed.  The apartment, with hardwood floors throughout, was super clean. It also smelled so good with delicate fragrance from sage bundles here and there.  I felt very much at home. We had a great time at Sharons Appartement! Everthing was clean and the flat is very cosy :) Andrew, our roommate for this time, was very nice and friendly , he recommended a few good places around and answered all our questions about New York! You can reach everything very easily by subway or also walk to a few places if you want to :) a lot of delis, Cafés and restaurants are very close to the flat, so youll find everything you need around! We felt very comfortable and would recommend this flat to anybody who wants to visit New  York Conveniently located and Andrew was very friendly and polite. Glad there was AC to keep it cool and block the street noise.  It was a good deal to get into that area of the city. Sharon communticated very well and was very responsive to all our questions. Her roommate Andrew was super accomodating with our check in time and was very helpful with transportation advice. Just returned from an absolutely amazing week in New York and Sharons beautiful and unique apartment. Our host Sharon was out of town, so we were greeted by her roommate Andrew who was very nice and filled us in on all the details and gave us great tips for restaurants around the neighborhood. And what a neighborhood! Broome street is jam-packed with great places to eat and walking around is just charming. The apartment is really close to the subway (a 2 minute walk)  plus its really easy getting a cab, too.   The apartment itself is really beautiful and clean and Sharon provides crisp sheets and a stack of towels, which was really nice.   I would highly recommend staying here!   Make sure you try the fries at Dudley (served with truffle mayo) and the stuffed French toast (sweetened mascarpone with berry compote) at Grotta Azzura - best.things.ever. :-)    / Helene, Denmark Andrew was a great host and was extremely easy to plan and coordinate with. This was a great space for one person to stay and had  everything required. Highly recommend this space to anyone travelling solo who is looking for an awesome New York style experience. This was a shared space, but Andrew was lovely and great company.     Would book again! :)  Awesome place and amazing location. The host was very nice and the place was very ideal. Would certainly stay here again! Sharon was incredible and made it easy to settle into her beautiful flat for the week. It was clean and perfectly located! The accommodations were comfortable. Although we had a rough patch with the plumbing at one point (old apartment pipes) it was quickly resolved! Always the charm of the AirBnb experience! I would happily appreciate another stay!  Great spot - very conveniently located, including access to the subway. It is New York-style busy though, so expect some street noise. Sharons home is charming and comfortable and had everything we needed to feel at home (we were traveling with our toddler son). The 2-story walk up was very manageable, even with our stroller, and the neighbours all seemed very kind. We look forward to the next time! Great little place, in a great location, and a short walk to the East Village and Chinatown, both of which we love.  Two floors up was not a problem, and apartment was clean and cozy, complete with all the necessities for our stay. Thanks, Sharon! Nice location and wonderful cozy room. Owner is nice to response any question I came up before I go and while staying.  The entrance door which is hard to open entertained me. Spacious and friendly apartment. Located very close to the Subway. Restaurants and cafes are a short walk away though and the closest area does not look exactly welcoming at night.  Whole Foods nearby is definitely a nice touch and the communication with Sharon was always swift and nice. Super logement, avec une vraie personnalité et super bien placé dans le lower east side Nice and spacious two bedrooms is a pleasure and rare, a little noisey ear plugs recommended ,otherwise fine We had an amazing stay in this appartment. It is close to two subway stations, wich made traveling around really easy. The appartement was really spacious, clean and smelled really nice. We were with two people sp we could use the second bedroom for al our stuff. The appartement is located in a nice neighbourhood.  Sharon wasn’t there but here friend welcomed us, was always availible for questions and came at the end of our stay to collect the keys. If we come back, we are definitley staying here again. Lovely flat in Chinatown at 30 sec from the subway to go to Brooklyn and uptown very quickly. I recommend this place if you are looking for a typical “Lower East Side” apartment. Everything about Sharon’s place during our stay was perfect.We loved the house so much.We felt like we were in our own house.The art and the statues in the house were very interesting and lovely.The location was very close to popular restaurants and shopping stores.Ideal for three people.. Very nice apartment, typical new Yorker, nice experience!	1
411	The apartment was lovely- newly and very well renovated. It was light and comfortable. As described.  Also a very comfortable and large bed in a quiet bedroom at the back of the apartment.  The area is great. Lovely streets, good shops and restaurants. Very close to the Highline.  We would definitely stay again.  David was a good host, on hand if we needed anything. We had a fantastic visit - the property is amazing and an absolutely fantastic location. David’s communication was accurate and timely, and did everything he could to make our stay go smoothly. Would highly recommend staying here! Davids place is in a great location, close to the subway, above a coffee shop, and across the street from a great bodega. Comfortable bed and couch. Very nice renovations. Great location and great apartment.  Easy access to the train and to the High Line, etc.  Neighborhood was safe, trendy.  Inside the place, everything was clean and updated.  The ability to use the washer/dryer was key for us during our stay.  If I had to nitpick, I do wish that there were blinds/curtains on the windows in the apartment.  David was very responsive and easy to work with.  He was gracious enough to let us use whatever we needed in the place to make our stay comfortable.  I would not hesitate to stay again here if I am ever in NYC again!!! Loved the beautifully spacious apartment with a large bed. Great location, very vibey and close to the High Line and Chelsea Market with a cute coffee downstairs. Only downside was the loud noise coming from the hot water system running next to the bed, which made it a bit difficult to sleep sometimes.... but bearable! David is a lovely host, and would definitely stay again. Thanks David! David has a great apartment, we were fortunate to stay there	1
412	We never met with Tax or Nayyirah as they were out of town, but instead got the keys from one of their friends, living just 1 block away from the flat.    Snacks along with a list of great restaurants and sights were prepared for us, and we felt right at home in this great apartment straight away.    The apartment itself is spacious and more than enough for two, and we enjoyed the rooftop terrance especially. Its biggest upside is without doubt the location. Murray Hill is a wonderful place, and with bunch a great places to eat, both day and night.  Grand Central is only 15 minutes away on foot, and from there you can get anywhere with the subway. So out of the door from the apartment, you can get pretty much anywhere on Manhattan within 30 minutes, which is just perfect.    Communication with our hosts were great and fast, and everything went completely smooth.     The apartment perhaps could have been a little cleaner, but really nothing that bothered us that much, and I would recommend everyone to stay at this wonderful place.    Overall we had a fantastic time in with this apartment, and I can highly recommend both the hosts and the place it self for everyone wanted a great New York experience. (Website hidden by Airbnb)    Thank you so much again for having us. Even though I did not get the chance to meet Taz and Nayyirah, I absolutely enjoyed my stay with them! They were extremely helpful from the get go, and their apartment is really cute. I really appreciate the effort they put into making me feel at home. They also provided me with suggestions on places to go, which I felt was a really nice touch. Thank you so much!  A wonderful place to stay.  I appreciated the effort in making the apartment feel welcoming.  They had a list of places to go for fun, drinks, and dinner which was very helpful.  Communication with them was very quick and easy.  I felt right at ease going through the process. Great apartment.     Taz and Nayyrirah were very responsive and accommodating. They left us a welcome basket with all sorts of healthy treats which was a nice touch.    The apartment is a penthouse and the view is great from the rooftop terrace. Comfy bed. There is an elevator in the building so no schlepping up the stairs.  It is not super close to the subway but this isnt a big issue if you dont have mobility problems. The sound system is great and fun when youre gearing up for a night-out,    All in all, we enjoyed our stay and would recommend it. Great location and great place! Enjoyed our stay.  We had an amazing experience at Taz and Nayyirahs apartment.  The apartment was exactly as described, and was in a great area.  Communication was very straightforward and they made us feel very at home.  Will hopefully be back at some point in the future. Cons:   -Filthy. I am not a clean freak, but this place was not acceptable on a cleanliness level. The bathroom was littered with used razors, the mirror was covered in toothpaste spit, and I had to clean the toilet and tub to make them usable. The kitchen was a similar story, filled with dirty dishes, used rags and unclean counter-tops. I think I,along with other travelers, are charged a cleaning fee to stay here, which is perplexing with this apartments presentation.     Pros:   -Good location  -Responsive hosts  -Great rooftop patio    Cest un appartement bien situé et nous avons passé un très beau Weekend... Great location, awesome rooftop deck and awesome price! Taz and Nayyirah made it super easy to keep in contact and pass off the keys. Taz and Nayyirahs place was great! Very convenient location for getting around the city, and lots of restaurants in the area. They were very accommodating about picking up/dropping of the keys. The apt was clean and comfortable. We had a great time staying here! Incredible experience from start to finish.... Taz and Nayyirah were extremely helpful in answering all questions and making it easy to stay in there amazing apartment. The apartment is  as described...extremely clean, fantastic views and an incredible location.  Their house rules were simple and easy to follow, and they even provided a recommendations list for my visit in the city! I would highly recommend staying here, I know on my next trip I will look to see if their apartment is available, I couldnt have a better experience anywhere else.  Thank you both! Overall we had a nice stay at Taz and Nayyirahs place. Location is great, close to markets/restaurants/bars/etc., and the rooftop patio is fantastic. Nayyirah was very communicative and responded  quickly to questions we had. The fact that the apartment has A/C units both upstairs and downstairs was a very nice feature, too.    We were, however, not impressed by the cleanliness of the place. The bathroom hadnt been cleaned well prior to us arriving and the kitchen needed cleaning, too, which we did. The extra blankets in the downstairs closet looked like they were wadded up and thrown in there recently and were not sure they had been washed before we got there.  We just expected that everything would be totally spic and span for the amount of money we shelled out per night. Had a great experience here. The apartment was exactly as described and the patio/roof deck absolutely made the experience. Would definitely recommend this to anyone - the apartment was very clean as well.  Loved the location and uniqueness of Taz and Nayyirahs place. It is just steps away from all the restaurants, bars and coffee shops on 3rd and maybe a 25 minutes walk to Times Square.   However, I would have liked the bed made and fresh towels out when I arrived so I felt more like a guest. I felt a little uncomfortable searching through their cupboards and drawers for sheets, pillows, etc.  Otherwise, the hosts were always available and we had a great time. Thanks for being so accommodating and great hosts. We had a great time in NYC and appreciate you allowing us to stay in your home.  Had a nice little weekend stay at Taz Nayyirahs place. The rooftop deck was gorgeous and it was an easy walk to public transit! For the amount paid and what was presented online, we were disappointed in the overall preparation and cleanliness of the place. However, it was livable as we didnt spend much time in the penthouse itself. They were good communicators and helped as necessary! Thanks for the stay.  Very nice stay in NYC at Taz and Nayyirahs place. Good communication from the hosts and the place was exactly as descibed Good place in Manhattan. Small but cozy. Good communication with the hosts. They left detail instructions and some suggestions to nearby places to visit. A few blocks away from a ferry station (34th E & FDR). Overall a great stay. Would definitely stay there again. Thanks.	0
413	Nice, Friendly, Clean Bedroom Fantastic stay! Clean, great location, and courteous host. Highly recommended. Place was very clean and comfortable, just as described.Clean towels were provided and the beds were comfortable.  Parking was a bit difficult but its NYC so its expected. I was lucky to snag a spot a block away. At night it does get a bit loud outside but nothing too crazy. Its a bit small but very comfortable and I recommend staying here! My experience was terrible. The host sent me a message letting me know she had given my space in her house for other people just hours before my check-in time. She transfered me and my friends to her friends house, which was further away from the subway (that was the first thing we looked for in a house in NYC). That made us waste time and money with Uber. She didnt describe how the apartment was and when we got there, our luggage barely fit the room. The AC didnt work. The beds were the hardest I have ever slept in.  I expected a lot more from this experience. The host could have at least had the consideration to let me know about the change beforehand so I could have the choice to change it.  I and my friends stayed there for 4 days. At first, no one in home so we waited although we told them our time one month ago. Second, Im not sure I saw the host. I havent seen the host  during the time so I couldnt talk with the host. However, the room was clear to use. It isnt not bad. So bad!  Never again! Great place to crash, if you plan on being out all day! Moon was great at communicating! There are other people living in this home. Think it may also be a daycare center downstairs so pretty noisy. But like I said if you plan on exploring the city or have other things to do this place is great  all very much, it was clean and the hosts were hospitable The host was wonderful, and so was the space she provided. The place was very clean and had a very cozy feel to it. The experience was what we expected and needed! The room was clean and comfortable. Close to the metro station. Perfect for friends. It is really nice there. Its really close to subway and market.  If you are looking for a good place to sleep, this place is a nice one. It is close to the train station and is clean. 这就是一个集体宿舍,我们一家人入住,如果你有车,还是选择别的地方吧。 It was ok for the price. The person in charge was very nice, talkative and interactive with us, since we speak Chinese.  We were locked out there were no keys no tv and it was cold It was wonderful! To be honest, I would have been a little less comfortable if I didnt have a friend who spoke Mandarin fluently by my side the entire time. But the space was great, we had access to a full kitchen and a good bathroom. I have no complaints. Thank you so much for your hospitality!  Good place if you are looking for a place to crash. Near subway. We stood 1 night with 3 friends. Owner was nice friendly. The house was quite, clean and perfect mattress to sleep.  Lovely place, good hosts I recommend his place! The room wasnt cleaned everyday, wifi didnt reached the room, also no a/c in the room and no TV in the room. Very kind owner. Very clean and neat. Balcony was great. Lighting was great for my selfies.... lol overall great place  Her house is very clean and the location being next to a train station is a huge plus. All the basic amenities are at a stones throw.  It is a safe neighborhood. Close to transportation. It was easy to find a parking spot on the street and it was free. Traffic and the kids were a bit too loud. Otherwise, I was satisfied with Moons place. Not bad or not good Nice place. Well-kept and comfortable. However, it is a good amount of travel time to Manhattan, about an hour or little less. The check in time is very late and very strict. This late check in wasnt very convenient for a short stay in the city.  La chambre est spacieuseet propre, le balcon est très pratique. Les transports sont proche de lappartement et le stationnement dans le quartier y est plutôt facile ! Bon rapport qualité/prix. Everything was as expected, great value, good neighborhood. Will stay again, and would recommend. Dirty Цена соответствует условиям. Вполне приемлемо. Moon was helpful. And its close to the subway. It was terrible Un poco lejos del centro de Brooklyn, pero suuper bien!! okay so BOOM, I wasnt even in the room that much to tell you EVERYTHING about the place, but the purpose of booking this airbnb was so I could have a place to sleep after partying in Manhattan- this place is perfect for just that. Moon herself is a sweet lady, a bit of a language barrier, but take your time- shes great. The room itself was pretty spacious, and I slept on the full bed comfortably. The balcony was nice when you need that breath of fresh air after a bottle of Hennessy. The heating/air unit in the room needs to be replaced- it works slowly and as the temperatures drop, the heat needs to be on. The bath room was tight, but nice, and not too far away from the room. Overall, Moon is a great host, and if youre looking for a quick place to stay, Id recommend. Only cons were the heating unit, the nose from downstairs ( but if you come from a big family like me, you dont mind it ), and the check in/out was a little early.	0
414	"The apartment is of nice size, good location, and we have received it very clean and ready to use with towels and all. Only downside is theres no elevator and its on the second floor. Kate was a very nice host and kept in touch during my stay to ensure I was having a pleasant stay. The apartment is as shown in the pictures. It is conveniently located within walking distance to Times Square, Grand Central Station and close to the subway. I felt comfortable and safe staying there as a female by myself. The apartment would also be great for 2 people/couple. As someone already mentioned, the only downside is that it is on the second level, however, Kate helped me with my bags so that wasnt a big problem for me. Overall, I had a very pleasant stay. Kate was a brilliant host... Very responsive and very helpful when I had a question, throughout the whole stay. The apartment is perfectly located and very cosy. Its a little dark so I think if I had wanted to spend more time indoors it might not have been ideal, but it was a great pied à terror for exploring New York! Kate made the stay great! We had good communication prior to my check in. I arrived late getting into NYC but it was not a problem for Kate when I arrived. Her place is a 10 minute ride from Penn station. When I arrived Kate made me fell like I was staying with family even making recommendations for local things to do. Her place had all that I needed. Its in a very walkable area of midtown, drug store, market and diner nearby. It was a short walk to the subway. cabs were very easy to get and it was not a far walk to 5th ave shopping. I believe that someone mentioned the apt is on the second floor but it is the third floor. All in all it met all of my needs and expectations. Accueil pas très agréable : jai du récupérer les clés ailleurs dans Manhattan auprès dune amie de Kate très peu conciliante, et me rendre seule à lappartement, sans information préalable de létage, ou du fonctionnement de lappartement.   Il est très bien situé pour un voyage daffaire et le quartier est sur et calme.  En revanche, lappartement est extrêmement sombre, la douche nest pas agréable et il est un peu éloigné des attractions touristiques. Kate is an amazing host! She was really quick to respond to messages and very easy to work with on check-in timing. She let us stay on short notice due to an emergency air bnb cancellation by a different host and we were actually much happier in the end staying at Kates place. It is right on the east edge of Midtown with easy access to a lot of major attractions in Manhattan, which we loved. Grand central is only a few blocks away, 5th Avenue, Central Park, Empire State building are all only a few minutes walk too.  The immediate neighborhood is great with a grocery store, coffee shops, cute bars, and cute restaurants right around the corner. I would highly recommend to anyone visiting NYC! The apartment was perfectly located for meetings at the UN. Kate was a phenomenal host, very communicative, and allowed an early check-in. This was a great short stay for my wife, daughter and I in New York City. Would definitely recommend Kate, and stay here again in the future. The apartment is Ina great location and Kate was very communicative.  I would say the only downside is, its very dark and with barely any Windows so it gets very hot! Also, I was thinking this was someones rental unit that they use for AirBnB like some other places Ive stayed, but in fact Kate lives here so I thought it was a bit different then going to someones ""extra""/ rental unit. I cannot fault Kate as a host at all. She was extremely friendly, responded to all my queries straight away and was very attentive. Upon arrival Kate met me at the apartment and helped carry my bags. Something to note if you have heavy bags - the apartment is on the second floor with no lift but this was absolutely fine. The images do reflect the appearance of the apartment however as other guests have noticed - it is often quite dark. We also had a slight issue with the keys every time we entered and exited the building - the keys were extremely stiff so we spent a good 5 minutes every time trying to open the doors which at times was really frustrating.  One other issue we came across was that we found 2 huge cockroaches in the apartment during our stay. I fully appreciate due to the humidity and weather in NYC at the time, this is a common problem and as soon as I let Kate know she came round immediately with bug spray and organised someone to come out and take a look at the problem. Kate was extremely apologetic about this situation and advised this has never been an issue before. However I have stayed in the city many times before when the weather has been above 30 degrees and I have never come across any bugs like this. Although the apartment was clean, it is very well lived in. I wouldnt describe it as modern at all but the location is great and easily accessible to everything. We stayed for the Gov Ball Music Festival so we were really close to the ferry and you can walk to pretty much everywhere - there are also some great places to eat and drink nearby and Union Square is a really nice walk only 40 minutes away. I have only the best to say about Kate as a host and her hospitality. She was extremely helpful from the very arrival until the check out. During my stay she was always available to help us with advice, tips and anything that we asked. The apartment is at an excellent location in the middle of Manhattan, walking distance from all the major attractions. The size of the place is suitable for one or two persons, but an additional guest can easily be accommodated on the couch. All the utensils, dishes, toiletries and extra bedding were at our disposal. I can only recommend Kates place as an excellent choice for a great stay in NY! Kate apartment is great, the location is very convenient if you like to walk or take subway; the house is on the busy street, but there is zero noise at the apartment. Photos are very accurate - the apartment is decent in size, with nice living room, bathroom is in good condition with good water pressure. And most of all Kate is wonderful, very hospitable host! Cozy and comfortable second floor walk-up located near plenty of good restaurants and bars. I met Kate at check in at the building entrance. She was very helpful, carrying one of my bags up the steps. Once inside, Kate showed me around and provided a list of good places to eat nearby. The two air conditioning units worked well as there were a few sweltering days the week I stayed.  Kate was very welcoming, and (because my plane was late) we could actually meet. She took the time to introduce me to the neighbourhood and make me feel comfortable and ""at home"". The flat is quiet and has everything I needed. The area is midtown east - lots of restaurants, shops - everything you need, really. Handy for the UN. A few blocks to subway, etc. Kate is a very good and available person and she is very friendly. The apartment is like photos The host canceled this reservation 9 days before arrival. This is an automated posting."	0
415	Our family of five enjoyed staying here for our weekend trip to visit NYC. The neighborhood is safe and easy to get to. The apartment was spacious, clean, and beautiful! Plenty of room for us and our belongings. Twin and full sofa beds in the living room were perfect for the kids. The air mattress was a great addition for the teenager and had plenty of room to set it up. A very short walk to the metro and the 7 train goes everywhere we needed. Parking can be a challenge, but there is parking garage a few blocks away. $23/day, $28 for SUVs). We were able to find a spot close to the apt in the mornings. Kevin was great-- quick to answer questions leading up to our visit and very helpful when we arrived. Great price for this place. Would definitely recommend it.  Convenient location, very clean and close to almost everything. Highly recommended. My three boys, my wife and I enjoyed our stay. There is a parking garage about 4 minutes walk if you cant find street parking.  Thank you.  Extremely clean apartment with all the basic necessities which made our stay very comfortable, accident location five minute walk to the number 7 line which made it very easy to visit all the tourist attractions., also able to check in early giving us an opportunity to visit a few more places, excellent experience I would recommend this place anytime Kevin is a great host, his place felt like home away from home. This is a wonderful place to stay.   Kevin has been a great host. Easy to communicate with, and always available for any problems (although we didnt have any). The area is perfect for a vacation in NY, very quiet and it is a 5 minute walk from the subway that can take you anywhere. The apartment was very clean and it had all the necessary appliances. Highly suggest this place, and I would definitely come back. This is a fantastic place. Bigger than expected. Very clean and close to the 7 train that will take you right into the city. Kevin is a fantastic host and was there for us if we needed anything. Clean, bright and spacious apartment with easy access to the 7 train. Kevin is a wonderful and considerate host--highly recommend this place. Kevin is a great host and tells you everything you need to know in a timely manner. Very clean spacious apartment in Queens. King size bed and queen size air mattress were nice. The futon could sleep 2 but the bars are a little uncomfortable (1 person slept on it and was comfortable). Close to the subway to get to either Flushing Meadows (we went to the US Open - only a 15 minute total commute) or Manhattan (didnt take it that direction but it would drop you off at Grand Central Station in something closer to 40 minutes). Lots of food options around the area to walk to. Not too many bars close for people who want to go out close to where they are staying.  Overall a great budget friendly place to stay to enjoy NYC. Good size for couple + toddler. Kitchen not fantastically equipped for self catering, but lots of take away options nearby. Close to multiple routes into manhatten. No cable, so Netflix/amazon prime in the evenings.  The apartment was nicely furnished, very clean, spacious and located in a safe area less than 5 mins from the No. 7 subway train (Time Square and Grand Central Station). Ideal for anyone sightseeing around NYC. Kevin was an excellent host and made sure we had everything we needed. Highly recommend and would definitely stay again. Great clean place El departamento de Kevin es espacioso, limpio, bien equipado y cerca de estaciones del metro. Kevin nos recibió en persona y nos mostró el departamento. Nos dió sugerencias de cómo ir y regresar a los puntos de interes. Gracias Kevin ... Lappartamento è situato molto vicino alla fermata della metropolitana da cui si può raggiungere velocemente Manhattan. Gli interni sono moderni e la pulizia della casa è ottima in tutte le stanze. La zona non è il massimo ma molto silenziosa per cui come casa di appoggio va più che bene. Ottimo rapporto qualità/prezzo Apartment is very conveniently located right next to 7 train stop. Lots of stores, cafes, restaurants around. Apartment itself is very clean and neatly decorated. Check-in was seamless and Kevin was very responsive and helpful. Nice. Easy to arrived, clean,big space Kevin was a great host. The apartment was larger than I expected. There was plenty of room for my family and I. The apartment was very modern and up to date. We really enjoyed our stay. Clean and comfortable apartment. Convenient walk to the train - Will take you straight into Manhattan (~40 min). Kevin is a very good host. He will get you situated and is very responsive. This was a fantastic stay, especially for the price. The apartment is simple but clean. Communication and checkin were flawless. Id happily return. Perfect location. Kevin is awesome. Quick response. Apartment is very big and spacious. 25 mins from Manhattan. Train station is a 3 min walk. Will definitely stay here again. Kevin thank you so much. Kevin was an amazing Host. Everything was as expected and more.   Made my family and I feel welcome during the holidays.  Thank you again Kevin and I hope this year is a great one for you and yours !!	1
416	Suzettes apartment is really nice and comfortable, with every need. the subway is close and allows us to move swiftly in every part of the city. Suzette and her cousin Tracy are friendly and helpful for anything. I recommend the apartment to all those who want to spend some quality time in new york Suzette was a wonderfull host.  Her apartment is clean and cozy and quite spacious.  The large bedroom easily accomodates the master bed, a toddler bed and a playpen for our baby.  Our host was very responsive (by text or phone) and really nice.  Would use her place again. Everything was great, peaceful, comfortable and spacious. Host was really nice and helpful will definately book ago or even recommend  Suzette is a fantastic host, and her place is beautiful, comfortable, affordable, and private. Crown heights is a cool neighborhood and worth checking out. It is a bit difficult to get around Brooklyn, so you need to plan accordingly, but nevertheless Suzette is a great host. Excellent, beautiful and very clean, the best place to stay in New York, just perfect! Thank You Very Much Suzzete!! Excellent, beautiful and very clean, the best place to stay in New York, just perfect! Thank You Very Much Suzzete!! We had a great stay in Suzette apartment, she was very open and receptive, answering our questions, find a car for us, etc... The apartment is perfectly comfortable and clean. Good bed, nice bedroom, perfect kitchen and living room. In a very cool area.  We appreciate our time there and really recommend her for her hospitality. Très bel appart spacieux et très propre. Tout est là, serviettes, shampooing, couvertures, wifi, équipement de cuisine, salon, télévision. Nous avons rapidement croiser Suzette, elle reste très disponible si vous avez à lui communiquer. Pour ce qui est du quartier, il est à proximité de metro, en moins de 30 minutes vous vous rendez près des rues pour magasiner. Cest un quartier ethnique où il est facile de manger halal / cachère et de trouver une mosquée/ église. This place is gorgeous, affordable, and in a great location! The apartment amenities are very up to date (and the bed is so luxurious!) Suzette is a great host - very respectful of your privacy and she keeps everything really clean. Also I loved that the park was right nearby for exercising, and theres easy walkability to trains or other neighborhoods. I would totally stay here again! Lovely room to rent in Crown Heights. Neighborhood is diverse and vibrant, and the apartment building is safe and eclectic. Easy transportation with the subway nearby! Stayed with SJ for a week and had a fantastic experience. The apartment is very clean and well kept and is located close to the subway. I will definitely be looking into SJs apartment the next time Im in the city.  Suzette is very good host, and her place is clean and comfortable. Our room was big and bed was good. We used the kitchen and watching tv in the living room. Only the negative side of the apartment was noise for the street.  Suzette helped us in everything we asked and was always available to. A trip to Manhattan takes about an hour by subway.  I had a great first AirBNB experience despite being super skeptical to live with strangers--so great that I ended up extending my stay. Sues apartment is very clean and the room was exactly as pictured. You would never know that there were 3 people in the apt (myself, the host and another guest) because it was always peaceful and quiet, which is exactly what I prefer after working all week. There are always clean towels and linens available and she especially makes sure that the bathroom is always spotless. Very important when youre sharing. You can tell that she has had a lot of experience with guests as the accommodations are well thought out, she is very organized and she provides everything you could need.  I rarely saw Sue, but when I did she was always pleasant, hospitable and willing to chat or answer questions.     The neighborhood can be a little loud for me at times (especially on the weekend), but that may be because Im not used to living in NY. Im from the south and prefer living in the suburbs. However, it is quiet on weeknights and I had no problem sleeping. I felt safe walking around the area (and unfortunately getting lost in it). Its also very close to the subway which is a plus. This is one of the best airbnb rooms Ive ever stayed in. SJs place is clean, affordable and in a good location. Subway is just a few blocks up, and the neighbourhood is very safe. SJ was kind enough to let us extend our stay on short notice, and always made sure we had everything we needed. Definitely recommend. I visited USA at first in my life. So everything was unfamiliar. But the room is located very safety and also subway is located only 2 blocks at the room(2~3 min) and only 15min to Manhattan.     The room was very clean and my host Suzette was very very good person. Im Korean so i couldnt explain the condition of room. But I really really recommend this room and the host Suzette. If I go to the USA again, absolutely i will reserve this room again.  I have spent great time there, because Sue is great host!  When I came I didnt have any problem with check-in. Sue met me, told about apartment and gave keys. There were everything that promised in advertisement - absolutely clean and very cozy apartment and bedroom where you have all necessary.  I stayed for three weeks and all time Sue was extremely kind to me, even worried if I didnt come back for a night. Also she was always available and tried to help if I had some questions.  At first I had doubts about safety of area, but it was in vain! There are many schools and colleges, police office, many stores close to building. Also there is easy access to subway for 2 and 5 trains, which take you to manhattan in ~25 minutes. Its very comfortable!  Btw my friend joined me there for 10 days and she was absolutely satisfied too.  So if youre looking for a really good place for staying with responsible and nice host, dont wait and book it! You will not regret!  p.s. Sue thanks a lot for all, and for your gift - it was tasty :)  I  hope I will come back to NY at one day and can stay at your apartment again! Sj was amazing! I had the best time at her place.  As a first time user of Air BnB, and traveling solo,  I was scared out of my mind as to what I was going to get and to meet my host.  Luckily, SJ was personable, always available and made me comfortable right from the start.    The apartment---FAB-ulous. The rooms are extremely big, the house is extremely clean,  and the bed is soooo comfortable. There is plenty of space for you and 10 suitcases and still have room;) You are welcome to all shared areas of the house. The pictures dont lie, and what you see is what you get.  Each room has a lock which made me feel more comfortable sharing the home with other travelers. Traveling was easy too. The subway is literally a couple blocks away.     I look forward to staying with SJ again! Great experience with Sue and I had no problems with the room it was spotless when I got there and the restroom was always clean and overall experience was excellent. Sue set the bar high for all our future bookings with AirBnB:  - Sue was responsive to our inquiries, very friendly and helpful, making us feel at home quickly - Amenities such as towels, blankets and toiletries were provided for - The room was spacious and clean - The apartment was always clean - It was located in a friendly neighborhood, just two blocks away from a metro station, making it a great base for exploring New York  Highly recommended! SJ was an excellent host. Her place is nice and clean and in a great neighborhood. I would recommend it to anyone is looking for a place to stay in nyc.  SJ was super-supportive while travelling to her place, really made sure we got there. At the flat SJ was laid back and friendly. Her flat was awesome. We really enjoyed our stay.  SJs description on her site of the neighborhood was accuarate and very good. Her food recommendations suited us well.  Neighbourhood was excellent, lots of places to eat and close to subway and buses. Definitely recommend! I was living in Sues apartment 7 days. She is a really nice host.  Everything were clean and convenient.  I happy that I booked this apartment because I didnt have problems during this wonderful week. I recommend you to book this apartment!)  Really great place. The room and the whole apartment was clean and are exactly like the pictures. To the subway its a 3-5 minute walk. Sue is a great host and if you need anything you can ask her and she will help you.   The room got an AC so if its hot outside you dont have to meld inside when you try to sleep.   The neighborhood was quiet and the bed was convenient so no worries for your night sleep.     So if you are looking for a good place to stay in NYC and dont wanna pay a lot of money - I recommend Sjs apartment, a lot!  This was a great place to stay for my first Air BnB experience! I read all of the reviews, so I was pretty confident SJs place would be fine, and it really was! Plenty of towels, linen, toiletries etc were provided and I didnt feel uncomfortable about asking for anything else I needed. Personally, I felt like the room was much bigger than the pics implied. My sister and I had enough room for 4 suitcases, plus carry on, plus the mass explosion that comes from deciding what to wear! We didnt spend much time at the apartment, however I did meet some other lovely people from out of town which always adds to the experience. I only had to wait for the bathroom on one occasion! The location is fine, subway is pretty close and you can take the 2 from President or 3 from Nostrand to Atlantic and pretty much get wherever you need :) Sj is an excellent host, I strongly recommend her place. The apartament was just as described and very clean; its a great thing that its really close to the subway. Communication with the host was great, Sj gave me the most accurate directions on how to get there. I loved the fact that Sj is a very private person and that shell do anything to make you feel comfortable, she really cares about her guests! Me and my boyfriend were so lucky! Everything was perfect! The host treated me with kindness and answered all of my questions; she was clear about instructions and made me feel very comfortable. Everything was impeccably clean, which is super important to me; I could not have made the place feel more accommodating. The listing was one block from the subway to Manhattan and the neighborhood was right in the center of Brooklyns famous Crown Heights area - near shops, events, and necessities. I would highly recommend this rental if you need a place to stay on your visit to the city! I stayed at Sues place with my boyfriend for about 6 days and as my first Airbnb experience it couldnt have been better!!! Sue was very helpful even before our arrival giving us some tips and instructions on how to get there with no problem. At first, I was a little scared but she made me feel confident about my decision. The pictures and all the comments are VERY reliable!  We felt very safe at the neighbordhood walking around at any hour, there is a subway 3 mins walking for those who want to get to know the city or visit Manhattan. The room was very spacious, the apartment was very well equipped with everything you could need as well as cozy and pretty. Although bathroom isnt private, Sue managed to keep it very clean at all times!!    We didnt get to interact much with her but she was always available and very pleased to help with anything. If I go to NY again, I would definitely stay there again!  Excellent place / host! Great host. Very recommended. The apartment and the room is implacably clean. The room is very spacious and bright. Sj is very nice and welcoming. She waited for us when we was late and gave specific info on the neighborhood when we arrived. She also kindly agreed for a late check out so we could freely live our bags and have a last great day in town. The neighborhood is safe and full of great coffee. Park Slope neighborhood if very close where you can fine plenty of great hip places to eat and drink coffee. I would recommend Sj and her apartment for you all. Great value for money. Thank you Sj. I have had a wonderful time in your apartment. The room was awesome and everything was unbelievable clean. Sj is a great host and she is very helpful. This is one of the best places in the city. I recommend this place very much. The host is very welcome and flexible in my check in and check out time Pleasant stay as usual!  SJs place is my first go to spot when visiting NY. Everything is readily available  within the apartment, the location from the 2 line is ideal, and the neighborhood is vibrant. The room is spacious, quiet, and comfortable and the other travelers were nice. Sue provided a very relaxed and clean space. The neighborhood is cool - lots of good restaurants and the subway is just blocks away. I would definitely contact her again for my next NYC trip! Our stay at Sue’s was great.  We booked after being let down by another host and had checked in within a couple of hours.  Super service!   The flat itself was perfect.  Warm, clean, comfortable bed, and ell kept.  The pictures in her profile are very accurate.  You definitely get what’s advertised which is not always true of Airbnb listings.  Transport to the center was good with President subway stop a couple of minutes away. Large bedroom very clean every thing was great First off this was an exceptionally clean home! VERY CLEAN. During our stay there were other visitors there but I never actually saw them or heard them. I bumped into SJ one time but other than that I felt like I had the whole apartment to my self. The location was great! It was close to everything and the train which was great. Outside was definitely more lively and the people were actually somewhat friendly. My fiancé loved the jaimacan restaurant Four Seasons! The owner was very nice and the food was great. Overall we had a great stay! Highly recommend staying here! Le logement et le quartier correspondait exactement à la description avec le métro juste à coté.  A notre arrivée, nous avons eu beaucoup de retard par rapport aux informations que nous avions transmises à notre hôte qui a du nous attendre assez longtemps mais elle nous a quand même accueilli avec un grand sourire. Nous ne lavons pas beaucoup vu car elle nous a donné toutes les informations nécessaires dès notre arrivée. De plus, elle était facilement joignable si besoin.  Jai vraiment apprécié cette première expérience à New York et je recommande vivement le logement de cet hôte.   Nous avons passé un très bon séjour à New York.  SJ est très agréable, nous ne lavons pas beaucoup vue mais elle est facilement joignable si besoin. Tout lappartement était propre et est à approximité du metro (2 minutes à pied). Pour ceux qui ont le sommeil léger, pensez à apporter vos boules Quies!   Thank you Sue for our stay! :) Sue was a wonderful, friendly, generous, helpful host! My friend and I loved staying here. The bedroom was spacious, light, very clean, and the bed was super comfortable. We stayed for 3 nights and the location was perfect for us to explore Brooklyn and Manhattan. Great neighborhood very close to the subway. There were other visitors, but they were also friendly and quiet. We would love to stay here again! Thank you for the wonderful stay Sue! The few time we saw Suzette, she was really kind. She welcomed us nicely and explain us everything we need during our stay. I deeply recommend this room in a very cosy flat. The location is perfect to discover Brooklyn or Manhattan by train (3 min walk to President St Station / 15 min walk to Franklin Av. Station) Despite the noise, we spend really nice moment there. Do not hesitate to try the restaurants of Franklin AV, theres lot of choices.  The Appartement was very clean and close to the subway. Sue was very kind and easy to communicate. We had a great Time. Thank you!  We had three new experience  USA New York, Brooklyn and Airbnb. I stayed with my son in Sue´s apartment one week and I can highly recommend this place. The room we stayed was spacious and the other parts of the apartment were really clean, We saw Sue few times. She is  kind and helpful whenever we had questions she help us. This apartment (room) is located close to a train that leads to Manhattan and getting to New York is really easy. We had an excellent stay in Brooklyn.  All in all it was a great first AirBnB experience! I can highly recommend this place to everyone.  Thank you so much Sue, for a fantastic stay .  We had a great time in New York while staying at Sues place. The appartement is lovely and very clean. It is also close to the subway and the surrounding neighborhood is nice to walk in. It suited our needs perfectly. We would certainly recommend it to our friends and family. The appartment is great, large rooms, very clean in a popular and nice area of Brooklyn, close to the metro. I had only basic contacts with Suzette, but I enjoyed the room. Sue was really helpful from the moment we got there. She gave us all the instructions and details for our stay to be the best. The apartment is really clean and organized and the bedroom is large, bright and comfortable. Her apartment is very close to the subway and there are a lot of facilities in the neighborhood. We had a wonderful time there! We really recommend the place. A hospedagem anunciada por Sj Selman foi 100% adequada ao que encontramos. Um apartamento com estilo, bem decorado, calmo e extremamente limpo. O quarto era bastante espaçoso e confortável. Sue é uma anfitriã excelente! Além de disponibilizar todo um conjunto de itens que poderíamos precisar durante nossa estadia (como secador de cabelo, por exemplo), estava disponível para sanar dúvidas a qualquer momento do dia ou da noite. Além disso, as orientações sobre transporte, atrações e serviços próximos ao apartamento foram nota 10! O apartamento tem fácil acesso para Manhattan (20 minutos em metrô, aproximadamente). Excelente opção de hospedagem, altamente recomendada! Suzettes apartment was amazing! We really enjoyed the apartment  during our week stay. Her home is very inviting and has the privacy when you need it. The location has a lot to offer in regards to the people and food just down the street. Although we didnt see Suzette as much as we thought we would, when we did see her she was the perfect host aside from having the communication with her throughout our stay. This place is amazing and I really recommend it!  The appartment was very clean, the room large and the bed very comfortable. The place is only a few minutes away from the next subway station and you can find a lot of places to get food in the area. To communicate with Sue was always easy and she has been a very nice and caring host. We stayed at her place for 7 nights and really enjoyed our time in NYC. I can absolutely recommend this place!  Sue was a perfect host! She is a very welcoming and nice person. The apartment was clean, spacious and very comfortable. Besides, the place is located in a safe neighbourhood not far from two subway stations. We had a great time there and we definitely recommend it! If you are looking for cheap, clean, close to metro host come here. Sj was very accommodating and friendly. The room was large and clean. We loved it, and next travel we will choose this host. Sue was a very nice host and the apartment was clean and with all the necessary things. I suggest it! Check in was easy. Room is very spacious for 2 people. Clean apartment. Suzette was helpful with recommending places to eat. Nearest subway is a 2 block walk, #2 train takes you everywhere. No issues with other guests staying at the apartment. Would stay again.  Large private room, comfortable bed and excellent location at an affordable price--what more could you ask for?  If that wasnt enough, Sue is a fantastic host. Shes very friendly, easygoing and understanding. Hands down one of the best places Ive stayed at through AirBnB. Notre réservation initiale ayant été annulée 5 jours avant notre arrivée, nous avons du chercher un nouveau logement en urgence et Suzie nous a très vite répondu. Nous ne lavons pas beaucoup croisé pendant notre séjour car elle est très discrète mais elle nous a accueilli chaleureusement et nous a donné toutes les informations nécessaires. La chambre est spacieuse et lappartement est très propre. Le seul défaut serait éventuellement le bruit de la rue mais avec la fatigue et des bouchons doreille, nous navons pas eu de mal à dormir. Нам очень понравилось у Сью! Очень гостеприимная девушка, ждала нас пока мы доберемся, хотя время заезда было раньше чем нужно! Дала карту метро и хотела помочь нам чувствовать себя комфортно! Квартира чистая, все аккуратно и красиво! В другой комнате жил еще один парень. В районе проживают в основном темнокожие, белых почти нет. Но все тихо мирно и спокойно!!! Метро буквально в 2 шагах и очень хороша ветка, можно уехать куда угодно и почти без пересадок!!! В общем нам все понравилось! Я думаю это хорошее сочетание цены и качества!!! огромное спасибо Сью!!! кстати, мы были в америке почти совсем не зная языка!!! Sue was great, she responded so quickly to my request when I needed to find a place the night before. She was very welcoming, and professional. Her place is spotless, beautiful, and very large! This was the first time Ive used Air B&B so I wasnt sure what to expect, but I couldnt have been more happy. The neighborhood is also great, with many different cultures and GREAT food.  We stayed at Sues place for 1 week. The check-in was really short, Sue explained the necessary things nd left the apartement so it felt like she was in a rush and didnt had a lot of time for us.  We saw her once or twice and when we did, she didnt really say a lot. But whenever we had a question we could send her a message and she answered quickly. The bathroom has been cleaned every single day so I cant say a bad word about the cleanliness of the apartement. A few times we took the elevator, we saw a cockroach!   The neighborhood was nice and near the subway. I would say that the price-quality is good. So if you are looking for something cheap, I suggest this apartement. Sues place is super clean and shes very responsive to guest questions/requests. A bargain. Sue is awesome and so is her apartment.   She is super quiet, kind and helpful and the apartment is ideal for an aibnb. I shared it with another couple of guests who had the second guest room, but i barely saw them at all. Overall I felt very comfortable in the flat; it was a super private set-up and crucially it was kept very clean and tidy.   In particular I loved that the bathroom was kept spotless, which is hugely important and makes a massive difference in any airbnb stay (I was there for ten days).   The apartment is a couple of blocks from the subway so its ideally located. (Crown Heights is a great neighborhood, so theres that, too!)  Sue was also available to give tips on where to eat in the area, and responded very quickly to questions about the flat and neighborhood.   I will definitely stay at Sues again and would recommend her flat to anyone!  Comfortable, clean, and quiet at night. Also safe at all times. Location was a little issue due to train lines closing on holidays and weekends but overall a great stay.  Great place and great host ! Very clean & convenient with amazing location. Sue kept my staying very private and discreet. Really enjoyed staying at Sues place! Sue apartment is really good, clean and pretty) it was very easy to find it and comfortable for riding to the manhattan. Very clean the room was plenty space. Friendly woman Nice apartment near the subway. Ideal for those who want to stay away from Manhattan noise, but do not expect a quiete place (anyhow it is in Brooklyn). We really enjoyed the neighbourhood and its energy.  Even if Sue was not in the house during our vacation she and her family followed and supported us. I have the best memories of this place. Beautiful and clean (Website hidden by Airbnb) good location, near metro and good access to the center.Perfect communion and support from Sue and Arlene.Thank you for the beautiful moments in NY! I hope to return to SUE on my next trip to NY. I recommend this place to everyone,you will not regret. BRs, Tomas It was clean and located near the subway stations that go to Manhatten. I and my friend had a good time staying there. The room is very clean and comfortable, and Sue is a really nice and careful host. The location is very close to subway which is very important! And there are convenient stores and restaurants around the apartment. If you wanna stay in a cheap and nice room to travel to NYC, this is a good one for you to chose.	1
417	Lizs apartment was great. Exactly what I thought it would be in the pictures. Love the area and all, especially the cute coffee shop across the street. She even left a guide with everything we would need to know. Amazing stay! Lizs place was great and very well-located. She was very flexible and responsive. Will likely stay again. My colleague and I had a very comfortable stay at Lizs apartment. Liz was an incredibly responsive host and made us feel very welcome. The G train is a short walk away, which made it simple for us to make our meetings in Midtown. If you stay at Lizs apartment, I highly recommend walking to WNYC Transmitter Park and taking in the wonderful view of Manhattan.  Liz was there to welcome us when we arrived.  We were running late than scheduled and Liz still waited and welcomed us with goodie bags. The apartment was nice and as listed.  There were 5 of us total and we had plenty of room to move around without bumping into each other.  The neighborhood is cute and not too far from  Manhattan.  I would and recommend Lizs apartment to a friend!  Liz was great (waited for me when flight was late) and her place is in a great location.  midtown is a 5 minute cab ride through the tunnel and has Subway nearby also. The only downside is its not a two bedroom apartment its just 1 which is part of the living room...asides from that Id recommend her 100% Liz was an excellent host. We never met her in person, but she was very accommodating of our schedule and helped us with all the questions we had.    Her apartment is the perfect place for a weekend in Greenpoint. Its right near downtown, and had everything we wanted. I was visiting my son and daughter-in- law for Mothers Day.  This apartment was so charming and well-appointed!  Plenty of room and all the comforts of home, including a king bed!  Who has a king bed in Brooklyn? The location is close to everything you would need and the neighborhood is walkable in every direction.  Liz was a great host and very accessible if I had any questions.  I will definitely look to book again on my future visits.  Josie My husband and I put his parents up at this apartment when they came to visit. They had a wonderful time! Use of the backyard was great, we heard the bed was comfortable, and Liz was helpful in getting everything set up! Liz was incredibly accommodating and her apartment is very comfortable.  My husbands family stayed here during a visit to Brooklyn and had a wonderful time!  Liz answered any questions we had very quickly; shes a great host! Lizs place was really great! Exactly as described, if not better. She was very helpful and communicative, as well. Thank you so much! Liz was a great host and the apartment is fantastic! Great outdoor space, and very cozy interior. Highly recommend if you want to explore greenpoint.        We really enjoyed staying at Lizs place.  It was clean and neat.  Also it was very convenient to my daughters place. Fantastic place... would highly recommend it! Liz was gracious and an excellent host. Liz is super nice and welcoming !!!  I needed a weekend rental for my parents who were visiting. Lizs apartment was charming, comfortable and her cable package had all the basketball channels so my dad was pleased as punch. Liz met us and was very charming,  she even had goodie bags waiting for my parents. They will definitely be staying there again, next time theyre in town. Liz even worked with me to provide a later check out time for them. I couldnt recommend her apartment  Liz was very nice, extremely helpful with my booking, and patient with a late check-in.  Great host!!! Lizs place was just as advertised and upon meeting her at check in she helped us to familiarize ourselves with anything we may need to know. She offered some of her own food and drink and gave a quick lesson on remote functions and suggestions on how to get around the neighborhood. Liz also made herself available via text and all around was a welcoming host. I would recommend and stay here again.   --Chris Great space in Greenpoint, Brooklyn! Close to just about everything, safe and fun. Easy to get to the city center or just enjoy yourself exploring the area. Having a backyard was a plus!! Great location, cozy apartment, Liz was very flexible regarding our check in and check out times  Lizs place was super clean and neat. Her place is convenient to shops, restaurants, and transportation. There is a great coffee shop right across the street.  Liz also had extra touches like beautiful flowers.  Communication with her was great. Everything was awesome.  Great location, great apartment, great host! This was a great spot, very comfortable and pleasant.  Loved the Sweetleaf Coffee across the street, and the Bakeri down the block.  This apartment worked out great for us and fully met all expectations. The backyard was a real delight and I was surprised by how quiet it was.  Overall I would recommend Liz and her apt. Thanks again! Liz is a gracious host and her home provides a comfortable and clean place to stay. The apartment contains a comfortable king bed, and the location allows easy access to restaurants and stores.  Lizs place is a great place to stay. It is super comfortable and clean. It is close to shops, restaurants, and transportation.  Love being right across the street from a great coffee shop! We left something behind and Liz took care of mailing it back to us the next day.  Very comfortable and great location.  Bakeri, just down the street, for delicious breakfast. Liz was a great host! She even left us gift bags and suggestions of things to explore in the neighborhood. Great place! Lizs apartment was a great spot where to spend the weekend! Liz was a great host, super kind and helpful! Thanks again!  f. Liz’s place has amazing value for a stay in NYC. Highly recommend! Feels like a home - unlike some Airbnb’s where the house is totally cleared out like an empty condo or hotel room, you will have Liz’s personal items and food in the fridge, etc. - but for a NYC apartment, it’s very spacious, was perfectly clean, has great light, and (for me) an ideal location.   The bed is one of the most comfortable I️ have ever stayed in in an airbnb! Other than minor noises in the building (creeking / front door closing) / outside on the street (occasional sidewalk voices - almost guaranteed in NYC) I️ had amazing sleeps due to the huge comfy bed and blackout curtains.   I️ definitely hope to stay here again! Tough to find this kind of spot for this price. I enjoyed my stay. Great super comfortable bed, good communication, quite close to cool places. Thanks so much! We LOVED staying at Lizs place during the holidays. The setup and decor is so warm and cozy.  She had coffee for us, fresh linens and pretty much thought of everything to make our stay so incredibly homey.  While her backyard looks like it would be awesome in the spring, summer, and fall, its also really pretty with a big pine tree and pine cones in the winter.  It is in a great neighborhood in Greenpoint, Brooklyn. Our favorite restaurants - Milk & Roses, Lobster Joint and Sweet Leaf and Odd Fox for coffee. We felt so safe and the neighborhood is just so quaint. Thank you for a great stay Liz!	1
418	Jennys place has European charm and a cozy New York vibe. She thought of everything! Quiet, very comfortable bed, walking distance to restaurants, cafes, shops, trains. Lovely neighborhood. Jenny is super accommodating and just so nice! Highly recommend.  Jennys apartment is a roomy, quiet, comfortable place to stay in one of Brooklyns prettiest neighborhoods. Its thoughtfully equipped, too--when I stayed Jenny had left me shampoo, coffee, and even some milk in the fridge. If you prefer to eat out, there are lots of good cafes and restaurants on nearby Court and Smith Streets. Subway access is easy, but be sure to spend some time strolling around and soaking up brownstone Brooklyn! Jennys place was exactly what we were looking for, a comfortable place to play house in a neighborhood we love. The coffee table in the main room was filled with suggestions for every type of New York visitor. We enjoyed the book on walking tours best. The shower had great water pressure, and combined with the well equipped breakfast nook we couldnt ask for a better backdrop to a quality Brooklyn morning. It was a joy being close to everything but far enough into Cobble Hill to savor the quiet too. We spent 4 nights at Jennys Apt. It was excellent. It is located in such a lovely neighborhood, with loads of local shopping, cafes and restaurants and it is so, so quiet. One completely forgets it is still NYC.  Jenny lives upstairs, so she and her husband were always there to help. Try some of her recommandations, it is really worth it. We love the Bagels on Court Street, one of the best Bagel in town, very kind people and the owner is hilarious. Awesome location and accommodations, loved the spacious apartment and the beautiful backyard patio. It was like a home away from home for us and I hope to come back again. Thanks so much for everything Jenny!!  - Darren & Kirsten Staying with Jenny was an amazing experience! Jenny herself was very kind and answered all of our questions very quickly. It was a pleasure meeting her! The apartment is located in Cobble Hill which is a very quiet, gorgeous and most importantly, safe neighborhood. We were often out in the city late and walking back to the apartment, exploring the neighborhood a bit was lovely. The apartment itself was absolutely beautiful and more than we could have hoped for! Even though the apartment is in the basement it still felt very open and there was plenty of light. The bedroom was massive and beautifully decorated, making it feel very homey. The bed was really comfortable and we slept really well. The living room and dining room were cozy and beautiful as well. The kitchen was a bit small but it had everything you need and more. Jenny was kind enough to provide things such as orange juice and milk (thank you!). The bathroom was very spacious, it even had a bath! I also really liked the big mirror. Of course everything was very, very clean. The WiFi was also very fast which was a big help. I would definitely stay with Jenny again and would highly recommend it! (to Jenny: thank you so much for all your help and kindness!) A friend and I enjoyed staying here.  The location was excellent - the walk to the nearest subway station isnt an issue if youre someone who walks regularly, so its easy to get into Manhattan.  (I recommend Lyft for getting to LaGuardia if needed.)  The apartment is a good size for a one-bedroom, and I was able to sleep comfortably on the couch.  Theres not a ton of light from the outside since its a basement apartment, but we were out most of each day anyway.  Jenny was helpful before and during the trip when we had questions. Jennys place was great! Very clean, spacious, private, and comfortable. Amazing location, close to many great restaurants and shops, and street parking wasnt that difficult either. Jenny is a great host and I will definitely stay here again when I am in the area! Jenny was super nice and flexible to accomodate me. The location is great and the appartement is a huge one bedroom. Ideal for a few nights! Love this place! Love the location! I hope that I get a chance to come back!  I didnt come to spend time in this neighborhood- had other things scheduled- now I want to come back to spend more time right around there! Its crazy spacious, easy to find, great location, access to all parts of the city. The secret garden is the best- had a few meditations out there with chirping birds in the trees... Jennys recommendations are complete & far beyond expectations- she knows what she is talking about- time flew by & I want to check out more as it is an interesting and historic area. Thank you, Jenny! Hope to be your guest again! Cant recommend this place enough. Its way more spacious than I expected and so comfortable. Jenny was very easy to communicate with and check in was super simple and stress free. Excellent location. I walked everywhere and always felt safe. The neighborhood is so lovely. I would definitely stay here again! Apartment is huge and really nicely laid out Highly recommend - plenty of bars and shops near by , short commute to Manhattan. Jennys place is fantastic. I stayed for a few days. Clean and lovely. Its located in a beautiful area. Transportation is close (i commuted to manhattan via subway every day).  Plenty to do nearby with Court/Smith St in one direction and Brooklyn Heights in another.  The apartment has everything I needed and is spacious. She was very welcoming and responsive.  I hope to visit again. Highly recommended. Jenny was prompt in response and accomendating Clean, quiet, spacious, comfortable.  I definitely will choose to return.  The hosts are friendly and responsive, but never invasive;  the apartment is quite private.  A lovely neighborhood. Great location and spacious! Very accommodating hostess! Jenny is an experienced and awesome host. It was a real pleasure dealing with her from planning weeks before to checking in, during my stay, everything was just easy and well communicated. The location is a nice, family-friendly, hip area with ample of places to eat that is either walking distance or a short ride away. Jennys house has ample of space for a solo traveller, couple or young family. Fully equiped bedroom,  hall,  kitchen, bathroom, outdoor seating area, wifi..  . What more do you need? Im already coming back for a 2nd stay! N.a. Our stay in Jennys apartment was wonderful!  The apartment is clean, cozy, and roomy...  The location is fantastic and Jenny is a wonderful host.  She gave us so much privacy, while making herself fully available for any help we needed (borrowing an umbrella, neighborhood tips, etc : )   Our great time in Brooklyn was made even more comfortable and enjoyable thanks to Jenny and her charming place! Jennys place was perfect for me and my friend as we had a lot of space for us and it was also in a great location. Hotels are really expensive in New York so renting an Airbnb specially like Jennys suit is the best value choice option for your money, plus the host is great, she helped us a lot. I recommend it! This was an excellent chose. Coming back from outside activities and just relax. Super, thanks again. Great location, great host. Thanks for having me! Jenny’s apartment was excellent. Very close to lots of great places to eat and the subway.  It’s on a quiet block and has everything you need. I will definitely stay here again if I can. Jenny was very nice and provided everything needed for an easy check in/out. You will be amazed by the elegance of the space and its furnishings. Your hosts are readily available in case of need, and they make it easy to be a comfortable guest. We highly recommend Jennys place. Excellent stay. What a cozy, warm, large, charming and very Brooklyn space!  Everything was perfect. Had the best sleep there in a while. There is a lovely garden in the back where in warmer months, one could have a peaceful cup of coffee or glass of wine. In the winter it was also so nice just to look outside in the mornings while waking up with coffee. Jenny responds quickly and is super thoughtful. Just a fantastic spot!!! Such a wonderful property - very spacious - extremely clean.  Jenny was very responsive as a host.  Close to lots of awesome shopping and restaurants.  Close to subway. Parked our and never moved it till we left. Amazing space, super responsive hosts and you couldnt ask for a better location! Highly recommend for anyone looking for a great deal in a beautiful neighborhood. Jenny’s place was very convenient, cozy, and comfortable. It’s so large that she could put a couple of beds in there and charge a higher fee! The bed was super comfy. Jennys place was clean, spacious and comfortable. The location is ideal, and Jenny was a communicative and helpful host. We will definitely stay again in the future. The apartment was as cozy as it gets! My wife and I spent a week here during the 2017 Christmas & New Year holiday, and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The furnishings were comfortable, the amenities were extensive and more than we couldve hoped for, and our host was so gracious and helpful with all of our questions. Even when sending her text messages on Christmas Eve, she would respond within minutes which helped make our first couple of days a quick and easy adjustment to our new surroundings. Our hosts recommendations for local eateries and other points of interest were all spot-on, and overall this was a fantastic vacation. The neighborhood was very cool and exciting for us Texas natives, and the local spots werent touristy but instead a real taste of New York life. I cant say enough good things about this apartment or our host. Jennys apartment in Brooklyn is a great place to stay, conveniently located to all amenities with a short walking distance to subway lines for trips into Manhattan. The apartment is clean and setup well for travellers who want privacy and areas such as kitchenette, lounge room and large bedroom cater for those wanting to stay in or rest. Jenny is always available and is an excellent communicator with plenty of hints and tips for the surrounding areas.  Thanks for a great experience! I had a quick business trip to NYC so I thought I’d try AirBnB. It was my first time. This Cobble Hill apartment was LOVELY! Jenny and her husband were wonderful hosts. The space is very large but oh so cozy! Great value, safe neighborhood, centrally located - everything you need and want!!! I hope to stay here again some day. Thanks again Jenny! Great location; very spacious; clean and neat. This apartment was spacious, warm and in the heart of Brooklyn.  The host was friendly and we felt very much at home. Thank you. My parents stayed while visiting us in Brooklyn. They loved the charm of the neighborhood and the historical apartment. The neighborhood was very peaceful (the only noise at night were a couple of creaky floorboards.) Jenny was a very responsive and helpful host and they appreciated her tips for exploring the neighborhood.	1
419	Fantastic & outstanding!  My stay remained a joy n pleasure at her place. It is very close to the subway n bus stops. The neighborhood was vey lively n neat. The apartment was well equipped, comfortable & people were very friendly, cooperative & easy going. A whole bunch of grocery stores were just a few steps away. I definitely recommend staying here n wish to stay there again. Nathalie herself is a wonderful person, very caring n ready to help you anytime. Thanks Nathalie!  The place was good. There are a lot of groceries stores nearby, the closest subway is 5 min away and that is very helpful.  The apartment is located close to multiple locations most tourists will like to visit. The room was great for two people and the noise was not an issue at all, overall a good place to stay. Will recommended to anyone.  It was great experience thanks Nathalie. Nathalie is really nice. She gave me very detailed instruction on how to find the house and check in. She always answer my questions very timely. It is really convenient to check in at at any time. Nathalie is very considerate and permit me to check out at 2 pm. Really nice place but a very working class neighborhood. Nathalie was great, great communication, very friendly, helpful, and super clean. Great stay! I was able to see so much nightlife because we were so close to the subway. Nathalies place is also walking distance to a lot of cute restaurants, cool art, and coffee shops!  My boyfriend and I stayed at Nathalies apartment and had a great experience. She was very clear and helpful before we arrived with information and during our stay when we needed to communicate with her. The location of the apartment is perfect and her room & the apartment are tastefully decorated. Although a few other roommates live there, we didnt see anyone more than once over a few days so the flat is very quiet. We enjoyed the privacy, space, and AC :) Thanks Nathalie! Nice and cosy bedroom. the cleanliness of bathroom and kitcen can be better. Common spaces shared with others. Convenient location near subway for a reasonable price.	1
420	The host canceled this reservation 152 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Had a great stay at Ashleys studio, thank you so much!  Were so lucky we found this place...a whole tastefully decorated studio all to ourselves! Ashley is a wonderful host, her place is adorable and affordable and we loved the area where you can get the real local brooklyn feel. We will definitely stay there again when were in new york! Beautiful place, exactly as pictured! Such a lovely place to go to after a long day out to just relax and feel at home.  Super clean, had everything we needed! Great air system (it was hot outside, but perfect inside).  Very clean, and well set up space!  Soooo pretty, and very safe neighborhood.  he host recommended some places, and we went to one-the Madeline Cafe-and it was YUMMM!!!  Host was also very easy to reach, and kind.	1
421	"Very nice studio apartment in a great location in Brooklyn.The hosts are helpful,friendly and knowledable about the area.Very well maintained and kept up.You cant bat the price for nice and quiet large (Website hidden by Airbnb) b The apartment looked exactly as advertised on this website, basic but very clean and functional. The hosts were responsive and helpful when we asked how to get to the place from Manhattan, explaining the available services and their locations in the neighborhood, etc. The location, by the way, was very good. Right in Park Slope and convenient to everything that neighborhood offers as well as subway lines to other parts of New York. The one and only complaint I have is that the first night and the last night we stayed in the apartment there were families staying in the apartment above who had toddlers and were on a different time zone altogether. The noise was bothersome, especially when they decided to get up at 4 a.m. and cook breakfast right above where we were sleeping. The toddler ran around, thumping a bit, and chairs were scraped across the floor in a rather insensitive manner. We did complain to them and they were appropriately apologetic and quieted down after. If noise is an issue, youd best confirm with the hosts who the upstairs neighbors will be and if they have children. The room much better than we expected, the location was great, and the proprietors could not have been nicer.  A wonderful bargain for staying in the best part of Brooklyn.  Recommend it very highly. The apartment was exactly what we needed, a clean place to sleep, shower, and get to where we wanted to go.  We felt safe in the neighborhood and were conveniently close to stores and restaurants.  This was our first time and we will definitely do this again when we visit Brooklyn again.   I loved staying here.  Communications were efficient and timely.  The room was spotless and comfortable.  Host was friendly and helpful.  I was a great stay.  I would want to stay here again.   Brenda and her family were easy to deal with. On arrival, the studio apartment looked exactly like the picture and was clean, neat and perfect for our needs.  Even though it is a basic room, the hosts make the stay very practical for small families (we have one child) by providing a coffee pot, fridge, paper plates and cutlery, extra sheets and towels etc.  The apartment is located in a vibrant, fun neighborhood in Brooklyn with subway stops, great restaurants, etc just a walk away.   There were two other families staying in the apartments when we were there but it was quiet and felt very safe. If we ever go back to NYC, we will continue to book with Brenda and family. My wife and I spent two nights there, including New Years Eve. We both agreed it was a very good value. The room was large, clean and had a private bath. Absolutely no problems whatsoever. I highly recommend anyone to stay there. This was a great place in a great neighborhood.  Extremely clean, free wifi, and lots of other amenities.  Highly recommended! I booked this studio for my visiting sister-in-law and her family and they said it was a perfect place for a family of three. all i can   say is my stay was excellent. ms. brendas son was so nice. The place was really clean. i will stay again and will  highly recommend this place. My girlfriend and I really enjoyed our stay. The studio apartment was very clean, simple, and had everything we needed. Its perfect for those who are going to be away most of the day. If you want to be around a bit more then I recommend the 2 bdroom upstairs for only 50$ more. Val, Brendas husband was really nice and showed it to me before I left. Awesome neighborhood with shops, boutiques, restaurants, and cafes all over, in one of the best neighborhoods in BKLYN. Im definitely going to stay here again. Apartment is in a fantastic location, close to Prospect Park and several cafes and restaurants in the Park Slope area.  Supermarket and subway within 5 mins walk.  Room was larger than we expected, super clean and comfortable.  Hosts were a delight, informative but not intrusive.  We will definitely be returning to this apartment on our next NY trip! This place worked out great!  It was actually even nicer then it looks in the pictures (new beds and a few other things).  Very clean and comfortable.  A steal at the price.  It was like a hotel room but bigger.  The subway isnt super close but the walk was pleasant and took about 10 mins to get to a stop with 4 different lines.  Lots to do in the area.  I would certainly stay here again. The flat is very nice and clean, as expected. Everything was smooth and easy. The neighborhood is also nice.    Clean space in good and quiet neighborhood.  firm mattress, updated bath.  Enjoyed our stay! Very clean, comfortable accommodations; excellent location; plenty of towels. The bottles of water was much appreciated. I will definitely stay here again. Great stay at this beautiful studio apartment, very clean, great location and they were so accommodating even when my travel plans changed.  Highly recommended. Room is much nicer than the pictures show.  Its in a very convenient part of Park Slope close to groceries, drug stores, restaurants, and subway stops.  We will definitely stay here when visiting Brooklyn My boyfriend and I went to Brooklyn for a wedding and stayed at Brendas apartment for the weekend. The room was clean, spacious, and much nicer than the pictures convey. Brandon, Brendas son, was very helpful during our stay. He was easy to get a hold of and made sure we navigated the city successfully. I was also pleasantly surprised that the room was well appointed with towels, extra blankets, and an iron. It was a  great stay in a great neighborhood. Park Slope is absolutely gorgeous and theres plenty to do within a couple short blocks. I would definitely recommend it to anyone. Lovely and clean studio. Location was great. I missed having a kitchen, even a small one, but was still able to make myself coffee in the morning. I may like to rent both rooms the next time! Thanks again. The Studio Apt is located on a quiet street, and for the cost is a great bargain relative to what you otherwise would have to pay for accommodation in Brooklyn. For me it was a godsend being only 5 street blocks to my daughters house whom I was visiting. It is quiet, comfortable,  with all the amenities you need to rest, watch TV, heat a meal, make a coffee, iron some shirts and the bathroom is sparkling clean. Queen bed for two adults and a single for a junior. Great find. Sue and I spent 20 nights at Brendas apartment and thoroughly enjoyed our time there . Its in a very pleasant area of Brooklyn with easy access to the subway , a great spot for an extended stay , really appreciated the layed back atmosphere of the area , Nice restaurants with plenty of choice and we felt we were in a pretty safe area . The apartment is comfortable , clean and well appointed ( Looks better in real life than the posted photos )  Highly recommended.  I know the neighborhood very well. This is a perfect apartment for a few nights in Park Slope. Very clean, well located, and responsive owners.  This is a great apartment in a wonderful neighborhood, gave us a chance to check out Park Slope from a locals perspective. The room is simple, but clean, well organized, and private. The TV had a good selection of cable, which was nice to have at the end of a long day. Its a short walk to the subway and theres a really nice bagel shop right on the corner which is great for mornings. The street is quiet, street parking was sparse, but doable, and there was little to no noise from neighbors. All in all we had no problems with it and it provided a relaxing home base for our city visit.  Very clean efficient studio with private bathroom. It was very quiet and had everything we needed. Great location in Park Slope. Would definitely stay here again and recommend it to others.  The studio apartment was just as expected and looked just like it did in the pictures. Brandon, Brendas son was such a great help. He helped me carry my bags upstairs, fixed the wi-fi connection when it was running slow. There were more than enough towels in the room for our 2 days stay. The neighborhood was amazing there are so many unique restaurants and cafes in the area. I loved how easy it was to pop in an Uber or Lyft to get around the area. No complaints here. Looking forward to staying again if Im in NYC. Thanks Brandon & Brenda for making my trip so wonderful.  As always, Brendas place was convenient, clean and close to where my sister lives. Brandon was there to greet me and carried my bag up the stairs.  We were so happy with our welcome.  It was easy even though arriving in the snowy dark of the evening.  The place is exactly as seen in the photos.  The bed is very comfortable and the bathroom is lovely.  Good shower, good temperature in the room (not too hot or cold).  The neighborhood (which I am familiar with) is great.  Lots of shops, restaurants, parks, metro stations within easy walking distance.  You do not need a car to be here.  Loved the week! Thanks! This is a very convenient location. as well as a clean and spacious apartment with everything that you might need. Brendas son, Brandon, was very helpful, relaxed and available, and I would definitely stay here again! Brenda,  Thanks for such a wonderful place to stay.  The room was great and it was nice to have a private bath.  Everything was very clean.  I will definitely stay here again!!!!      Jim We had a Nice stay with the kids (6 and 2). I would recommend it. Simple and clean. Love brooklyn! We were attending a wedding in Brooklyn and this was the perfect location.  It was within walking distance to many restaurants, YMCA, and whatever your needs would be.  The neighborhood is very nice.  Room was exactly as advertised - clean and comfy.  Our host greeted us when we arrived and was very friendly and accommodating.   This is a small studio with bath.  The basics are there, nothing fancy but nothing lacking.  It is in a great location, within walking distance to all of Park Slopes attractions.  It is on a quiet street. This is our second time staying with Brenda and we will stay again. clean, bright, quiet room with private bathroom.  Walking distance from great food, Prospect Park and its brilliant farmers market on Saturday; museums, ethnic food, parking.  loved it and I would book it again when Im in NYC Great location and a wonderful place to stay. Really clean and quite spacious. Quiet and had everything anyone might need-iron, tv, tea, ac-very thoughtful. I will try to stay here for my NYC visits!! This apartment was the perfect ""base"" for us. Its in a great location (Center Slope, with an easy walk to the park, several subway lines, great food and shops) on a quiet and lovely block, is very clean, and is wonderfully affordable (especially for this area). While theres no kitchen per se, there is a fridge, microwave, coffee maker, and electric kettle--which is really all we needed. Brendas son Brandon was right there for check-in (even though we came a bit early), and was very friendly. All in all, this was quite a find, and we would definitely stay here again the next time were in NYC. Just returned from a 3 nt stay at Brendas studio apt.   It was clean and provided everything to make our stay comfortable and was in a great location near the heart of Park Slope.   Brendas hubbie was right there and helped us with our move in and move out.  They do a good job for their guests.   We would definitely return. A great spot in Park Slope, central to lots of activities and restaurants. Brendas is clean and sunny and shes great at quick answers to questions. Her son Brandon met us and was so very helpful. Highly recommend!"	1
422	" We stayed there for 4 days. First of all, the house and room was clean. Actually we were worried about heater system, but no worries. The room was more than warm.:) We could use all facilities including kitchen and refrigerator. It is cheap regarding what we could get. The owners were also friendly and helpful. We really appreciate it. :D We spent 4 nights for New Year Eve at Tahiss place. The room is clean and comfortable and the owners are very very kind and helpful. I suggest this place to travelers who dont want to spend too much money staying at hotels. Nice apt, just as title, cozy suite. Although weve through the crazy snow storm in NY, but we certainly have a warm and cozy times in here. Thank you!!!!  I stayed in Cozysuite Fortress for three days and it was great time. Kitchen and bathroom were very clean and the room was not cold at all. The room was exactly same what you see in this picture. Moreover, bus station is very close to this house so its very easy to get to the subway station. Its perfect place for people who want a comfortable travel :) Thanks! I like CozySuite, and I lived there with my boyfriend three days. Kitchen and bathroom were very clean, and  Tahis is very nice. Thank you:) Its a really good place! The room is clean and warm. And the location is very convenient--very easy to get to the bus stop and the subway station. I enjoyed my experience there! We just got back from staying a week at Thais and Gregs Apartment. We had a wonderful time and are very happy we went with the Cozysuite! From the time we checked in to the time we left, they were very helpful in helping us get settled and made recommendations of places to go. They also helped get us a taxi to the airport. The price is great for everything you get! The place was very clean with a modern feel, we really felt at home. The location is very convenient as well; youre not on Manhattan, but a short walk or bus ride to the subway station will put you on Manhattan in no time! If youre worried about safety of your belongings (which you dont have to be); from the front door on the street to your room there are 5 locks, which you will have your own keys to - we felt very safe. Upon check-in you will be given internet access; it was very fast and safe, so if you have a computer, I would recommend bringing one. The only minor thing I would have liked to see in the Cozysuite would be a microwave, it would have been more convenient to be able to re-heat leftovers or prepare a quick meal on the go. Again, the place is great; you wont be disappointed with your choice. When youre on vacation, or need a place to stay, you want it to feel like home, and we definitely felt at home while staying at the Cozysuite! Great experience. Thais was extremely friendly and helpful. The apartment is great, the bed and linens are comfortable. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a nice place to sleep that is a well located. Im very pleased we found CozySuite, and look forward to visiting again.  we had a nice stay at cozysuite. bed was a bit small, but all in all its okay for the price. thais and greg were nice and always helpful.  The room and floor I stayed on was very clean and private. We had a great stay in CosySuite!  The rooms and apartment are nice, light and clean.  Only a short walk to the metro, its quite the bargain! Thais was really helpful.  This space is so clean, private and comfortable.  I think I had housemates, but I never even met them.  Locks on all the doors, it feels really safe.  The neighborhood is mixed - some old families who will greet you on the street, but some shady characters will, too. CozySuite Fortress    overall it was a good stay. but here are the details. for the price, i give it 4stars.  ---------------------------------------------------------------    1****.i saw 2 coackroaches (one in the kitchen/front room area and the other in the bathroom) the first 2 nights i stayed at Cozysuite. it made me really paranoid.     2. one thing i hate is when you email some one and they dont reply. there were 2 occasions {before i went into NYC) i contacted Cozysuite and i was ignored (bare in mind that before i paid for the apartment, she was replying to  my messages quickly). as soon as i paid, she didnt even bother replying - UNTILL i rang her.    3.When she comes back into the apartment to tidy up ETC, she makes alot of noise i.e turns the TV very loud for the Kid. and sometimes shouts at the Kid ( which is very disturbing)    4. Noisy neighbours (sometimes),     5.the TOUGHEST pillows EVER. ( those cushions/pillows + Bedsheet in the picture...were not there) it was replaced by two very TOUGH pillows and a thin blanket.    6:no iron, no microwave      +      1****. its very spacious,you get given your own keys,and its mostly tidy (nice bathroom),     2.very close to a subway/undergound that takes you straight into Manhattan in 20 minutes    3.Neighbourhood looked dodgy at the beginning but i later saw that its cool.    4.Nice Lady    ...i hope i helped. I stayed at the Cozysuite inn with my boyfriend for 10 days, it wasnt a wonderful experience because of the little empty room (there is just a little closed with only 3 hanging)no chairs or bedside table nor lamp shade to read something but the most important thing is the small bed not suitable for two people but just for one specially when its hot temperature. I agree with the girl below who said that is difficult to get air in the room (We are the couple mentioned in his review) we had to leave all the doors and windows open to breathe a bit.  A good idea is the nice access to the roof but there are only two patio chairs and all is a bit shabby...all the apartment it could be a wonderful place if improved!!! The good thing is that the price is very cheap!  Thais was extremely friendly and helpful for informations and suggestions, we saw her two times, but the only problem was that when she comes back into the apartment to tidy up or for oter hosts she makes alot of noise!  People of the district have not done much notice of us, but one Sunday we went to one of their churches they have welcomed us and were very kind to us.  The area at the expense of appearances is fairly quiet (apart from the loud music of the cars) and in any case there is often the police control the streets.   The cozy suite was very nice. It is a great place to stay in New York and not pay a lot of money. It is a very convenient and close to public transportation, which can take you wherever you want in New york.   Unless you can tolerate extreme heat do not stay here in summer. The room is advertised to accommodate 2 however the bed is only a single and most definately sleeps only one person. Lucky we had a self inflating matress with us so one of us could sleep on floor.The room does have a fan but it is only for a desktop and does not make any difference to heat of room. The appartment is quite simple, but it is confortable, nice, neat and clean specially when considering the price. In the room named ""fortress"" there are beds for just one person (another bed can be improvised by using two big cushions brought from the living room, that can be used as one big matress to be placed on the floor; thats the way we did it)  In the room ""citadelle"" theres enough room for two people, but theres not even a coat rack where to hang your clothes. This is a very small detail that would render your guests a more confortable service.  Moreover, the place is several blocks away from the nearest metro station, though the neighborhood is not unsafe at all, even at night hours.  Guillermina de Argentina   its was okay, nothing special, but they were sweet CozySuite is a great stay for the price. Excellent location as just 15mins walk away from the Utica station. Great WiFi connection and the place is kept really clean - ESP the bathroom. I would definitely recommend this to those on a budget. Thais is a great host but she might want to get someone to remove the cart on the staircase... My only gripe. Sincerely, Steven from Malaysia. Likes: clean space, functional kitchen with cutlery and plates, quiet area, and the host was very friendly.    Dislikes: the shower was extremely slow, no toilet tissue, no soap, a relatively lengthy walk to the subway and takes on average 45 minutes to get to midtown Manhanttan, and even longer to get to Queens on the subway. There were unstated surcharges (hefty additional taxes and service fees) at check-out.  Super logement au coeur de Brooklyn, dans les brownstone, très propre, cuisine pratique et accès sur le toit pour le sport du matin ! Le métro est à deux blocks, très pratique. Upon my arrival to New York it was very easy to get to this location. If you love a cultured and fun area this is the location to stay. Thais was very welcoming and gave helped me with a quick look around in the apartment. I loved that it was very clean, and the room was a great space for one or two guests. Despite my early departure Thais was very understanding and easy to communicate with. Great place to stay for a visit to Brooklyn!  My friend and me had a wonderful stay at Thais in New York. The room became our home for the week. It was great to come back to a nice and quiet neighbourhood after a long day of exploring the city. We had the whole kitchen and commonroom area to ourselves. We loved the location as it is a real neighbourhood so you get to see that side of NYC as well. We didnt mind the 20 minutes train ride to the center at all - we think it is part of the exploring. It was clean and we felt save! We would recommend that place. Thank you very much! The place had all the essentials. We were satisfied with the listing. The host accepted our booking the day of arrival. We were extremely grateful. "	0
423	Thank you Andrea and husband. My friends stayed there for a few nights and loved it. The place was clean, quiet, close to public transportation, very beautiful apt. The hosts were great, thank you for everything. Will recommend 100%! Thank you!!!! Thank you Andrea for being so accommodating and flexible. Great location. The room was away from the street noice and quiet. Highly recommend!! Had a great stay at Andreas place. The host were welcoming and responsive. Great stay. Very friendly Andrea and her husband were welcoming and their apartment was very clean and cozy. Definitely recommend!	0
424	Amazing hosts! Unfortunately we had a horrible stay. When we arrived, the bins were full of dirty tissues & hair, wifi doesnt work, at times no hot water, and we didnt receive any towels to have a shower until late at night. To top it off we were woken at 5am to LOUD banging followed by an even louder hissing sound of mould smelling steam being released into our room from the steam heater - only to be told by the host that this is normal for this time of year and to get ear plugs! Disappointed is an understatement and we had to cancel after the first night. Die Lage ist absolut super. Immer was los in der Gegend und die Metro Haltestelle ist um die Ecke. Das Zimmer war in Ordnung. Leider ohne Fenster und die Heizung ist extrem laut. Das Bad war relativ dreckig sowie auch die Handtücher, die wir bekommen haben.  Die Gastgeber sind sehr freundlich. Die Dachterrasse ist der absolute Hammer! Alles in allem würde ich die Unterkunft auf jeden Fall weiter empfehlen!  Bedenkt aber bei der Buchung, dass ihr die Koffer in den 4. Stock tragen müsst. Selina´s place has a great location (very close to little Italy, chinatown, SOHO and central park).  But beware, it is not a place to relax, bathroom and kitchen services are terrible,  there are ridiculosuly loud pipe banging noises that start at 5:00 am, privacy is another issue (she rents even public spaces like living room so to go to the bathroom at night you have to over someone sleeping in the floor) and lastly you´ll not be able to count on her while staying there.  So it is a non expensive / well located place to sleep and get out as early and fast as you can.  Perfect for a 2 day stay at the most.  I would NEVER GO BACK for a longer stay even at zero charge.   Ps.- seriously don´t forget your flip flops if you wanna get a shower!! Great location to a lot of great food. Very happy with my stay here. The location is great! :) Boa localização. Bom custo. Falta limpeza. Quarto barulhento. Comunicação com Selina não foi das melhores. This apartment is the perfect location for people that want to explore different parts of the city. A little small - but good price if you need a place to crash while youre seeing the city during the day. Il faut savoir que l’appartement est au quatrième étage sans ascenseur et escalier assez étroit.  Pas de douche, nous avons dû nous nettoyer dans une bassine, de plus la salle de bain est très sale, des cheveux partout !!! Les tuyaux du chauffage claquent aussi toute la nuit... A part ça, appartement très bien situé, quartier très sympa. The appartment is well located, near Chinatown, Little Italy and Soho. Though I do not advice a longer stay than 2 or 3 night, you cannot access the kitchen, the bathroom floor is full of hair and their is a loud pipe banging noise and steam heater noise at night.  It is not so expensive and well located but not for a long stay.  We were really confortable during our stay, but there was a few little details that...for being honest, we didnt like it. For example:  1.- I really though that it was a 2 floor apartment; the reality is that they built a second floor in the space of a single one. I mean, that wasnt bad because it was really nice built, but we are really tall, like 1.80 and 1.91 meters, so that was kinda awkward. 2.- I dont know if the re-construction was recently, but there was a huge mess all over everything: the bathtub, between the two upstair bedrooms, in the living room area. (Shoes, boxes, clothing, books...) 3.- I believed that when I made the reservation online, I think I saw that there was breakfast included? but during those days, we never got any food or even a simple glass of water...I actually couldnt find any CLEAN cup or glass for the water. In fact, its not about the food, its about the cleaning of the (Website hidden by Airbnb) was kinda messy. 4.- We basically had minimal contact with the girls, with ¿Jing? two times and for saying hi and bye. And the other girl (I cant remember the name) she was pretty attend with us. She gave us instructions about the subway and everything around the block. She was pretty nice. Wed like to have more time to talk with them...but ¡hey¡   But not everything is bad. We also like a supple things: 1.- The view from the roof top it was pretty awesome. 2.- The location of your apartment was pretty nice: close to the subway, little Italy, Soho, Chinatown, restaurants, bars, coffee shops.. and it was very easy for us to get anywhere we wanted. 3.- The apartment was really warm and cozy ;) 4.- The bed was REEEAAAALLLY CONFORTABLE.  I hope you can read this completely neutral, I mean, we dont want to be mean or anything, is just that like I said earlier: things (good and not to good) as it is. Its a lovely little room in a perfect neighbourhood. Its more than worth the price! Thank you for having me!	0
425	Betos place is exactly as the photos show.  Its close to public transportation and to lots of great places to eat.  He was very easy to communicate with prior to our arrival and went above and beyond to make sure I got the keys on time. The apartment has an amazing roof deck which Im sure is wondeful in the summer.     As he states, there IS a cat that lives in the apartment and so inevitably a ton of cat hair. If youre even the slightest bit allergic then this isnt the place for you.  We stayed over at Betos for New Years Eve. We had a great time! Betos place is gorgeous, and was clean and neat when we arrived. Its in a good location, given that its easy to get to the subway and a few local restaurants/coffee shops. Definitely check out the rooftop terrace - it was a gorgeous view, even though it was freezing. I would definitely recommend staying here, and will definitely consider doing so again when we come back. Beto was a great host! We felt at home the minute we arrived in this apartment. There is everything you could possibly want- well stocked kitchen, great rooftop, and really comfy beds. Easily fits 4 people. Lots of room for an apartment. Also lots of mirrors- handy for 4 girls! Its great to be able to eat upstairs on the rooftop and see a view of Manhattan! Was also great to be able to use the speakers on the rooftop too. Great wifi and TV! Beto left us good recommendations for coffee places etc too. Subway is about a 10 minute walk which is tough after a big day in Manhattan but well worth it for the apartment. Would definitely stay again! Thanks Beto! Beto was very friendly and cool and made us feel just like we were at home! The listing was very accurate and exceeded our expectations. The terrace was amazing at night when it was time to chill out and watch the stars. The apartment had everything that we needed for a nice night out and could not have wished for more. The apartment was close to several great restaurants as well as other stores to buy groceries and whatnot. I will definitely come back one day! The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Betos home was hip and funky - exactly as described (Read: no boring people). He communicated well throughout the visit even though we did not get to meet him in person. The home fit four of us well while we visited the area. (Note: this apartment is in Greenpoint not really Williamsburg prime.) The home is a 5 minute walk from bars and restaurants and 10 minutes from subway. We were staying local, but this is a bit further out if you are looking to get in and out of Manhattan. The one and only issue was the cat hair. Even though Beto did his best to solve for this and clean as possible, we would advise anyone in the future to avoid this property if you are sensitive to cats (Note: Beto was fully transparent about the cat and even offered to cancel. We chose to proceed). Thanks for opening your home! Great host and great location! Betos home was warm and welcoming. Everything youd need was there. And Beto makes sure youre prepared before your arrival with how all the technology works (video demos were a nice touch!). Perfect home base for my familys Thanksgiving weekend.	1
426	"Liam is a very good host and a caring person. The location is great for grocery shopping, USPS, transportation, and in a hub of all artists. The apartment is clean and smells good. I have had beautiful dreams under two lovely dream catchers...hehe :D This was a perfect exchange of money for space. Location, host, room, rooftop - everything was excellent. Thanks man.  Liams place is great. Affordable, clean, right next to the L train and in a fun neighbourhood.  1rst airbnb experience. 1rst good impression!  Liams appartment is really nice with this ""feeling at home"" and artistic atmosphere. We stayed 2 nights with my friend in his well located (subway station at 2min walk/ bars, supermarket and restaurants around...) and fully fournished place in Bushwick (like on pics). About Liam? He had been really welcoming, friendly and ... patiently helpful (giving interesting and handy advices but above all taking time to explain us some ""keys"" problem).   My mom and grandma had a nice stay. Location is ideal to where I live, so they really enjoyed the convenient environment. Thanks again!  LIams space offered us what we needed for  our hard working stay in Brooklyn and New York. Parking is easy, especially the 16 foot truck we were hauling props around in for the shoot, getting around to everything on foot is also so easy in this neighborhood, we really like Bushwick, friendly, family oriented and, artistic,  Liam was welcoming and generous with his space. Thanks so much Liam. We had a great stay  Nancy diane and Bill Liam was kind enough to host me and my mum at really short notice. The apartment was everything we needed for a quick trip to the city and the location is great! Would rent again in the future for sure!  Great place! Easy access to the L, friendly welcome, comfortable accommodations.   I can not thank Liam enough for his great hospitality. Liam was very easy with me changing my arrival date and welcomed me anyway.   The pictures do not do the room justice, its very cosy and artistic! Truly felt like a real New Yorker :-) Its just out side the L train stop which made it very easy and convenient not to worry about when to get home!   Great deli just next door and awesome Mexican restaurants.   I highly recommend the listing and I will certainly stay there again when back to New York.   P.S: Bed was sooo comfortable that it was hard getting out of bed sometimes :-)   Liam provided us with a clean and welcoming place in a very efficient manner. His ""note to guest"" was very informative and helpful, and he so kindly left us a bottle of wine for our arrival - hosting above and beyond the fall of duty !   We ended up having the apt to ourselves as Liam decamped elsewhere. His 1 bedroom is in a GREAT spot in Bushwick , tons of street action , restos , L train to Union Sq 1 blck away, etc but the room was actually quiet .  We would recommend Liams place to any of our friends, a very enjoyable stay Liam made it very easy for us to get to his place even he wasnt there. We were alone most of the time so it was like having the apartment for us. We had a lot space in the room for our clothes and the kitchen was very tidy.  The neighborhood is a mixture of humble families and young hipters. It has nice cafes and even some bars to go out at night if you dont want to go to Manhattan.   I thoroughly enjoyed staying with Liam.  It was a wonderful experience.  The ambiance, location, and quality of the room were all great.  Liam was a perfect host: available, but unobtrusive.  I enjoy my privacy and he totally respected that.  The neighborhood is a delight.  I really loved it.  Very nice coffee shop and natural foods market within a block.  Lots of restaurants and smaller markets very close by.  It felt very safe and friendly.  Really nice mix of young people and families.  The subway stop was so close and an easy ride to Manhattan.  I would stay here again without hesitation.  Liam was a fantastic, friendly host! Location was great with public transport minutes away.     Liam left us clear instructions on things to do in the area, how to get into his place, etc. We had a little issue with the shower curtain the first day, and Liam was very responsive to our request and fixed the issue quickly. He was generally easy to communicate with.    We had a great stay. Thanks Liam! My friend Jorunn and were  looking for a nice place,in the are where our friend  Miriam also live. The ambiance, location, and quality of the room were all great. We often had breakfast all together in our kitchen. We thoroughly enjoyed staying with Liam, and had some nice discussions over server issues. We stayed there for 9 night and days,and would rent again in the future ( if  we gonna travel to NYC again) for sure! Liam was a fantastic, friendly host!  Liams place was truly our home while we stayed there and  we were welcomed with the bottle of good red wine when we arrived We had a great stay in Liams artsy apartment. It was clean and nicely decorated with all the amenities you need.     The neighbourhood is creative and lively with many bars and restaurants just a few minutes walk away, and it is super close to the L train which made it easy to access Manhattan and other parts of Brooklyn.    Liam as a host was awesome - communication was smooth and he even left us a bottle of wine on arrival. Would definitely recommend! Liam was welcoming and helpful for the entire process.  The room was exactly as described and pictured.  While we knew the general area of Bushwick, Liams listing of local restaurants and coffee shops was very helpful and spot on and the apartment could not be more convenient to the L train stop.  We appreciated having the space including the kitchen area and bathroom to ourselves for the entire 4 days.  The only negative was the venting of the radiator periodically throughout the night so if staying during the heating season, I would bring ear plugs.  I stayed in 3 different places while in NYC and Liams place was by far my favorite. The location is perfect: Bushwick, so close to the subway, and around the corner is an adorable coffee/juice shop and a couple of bars. Liams place was clean and cozy. The kitchen is available (as well as coffee!!), even though we didnt use it. He was very welcoming and available, even when we booked late the day before. The bed could be a little more comfortable, but it was warm and clean so it worked out fine. I will definitely stay here again when I return to NYC. Thanks, Liam! Liam was amazing. Very hospitable, let my friend and I take full advantage of the place and always keen to be helpful if possible but very good about giving us privacy.  The location was also fantastic. Literally about a minutes walk from the L train and a good area with lots of cafés, bars and groceries.  Definitely a keeper! I did not get to meet Liam in person but he went above and beyond to welcome me. He kept in touch throughout my preparations and as soon as I turned on my phone when the plane landed there was a welcoming text. Even better, when I got into the the place there was a bottle of red wine just for me!     The place is actually a bit nicer and bigger than it looks in the picture, and Liam left a great set of suggestions for local pubs and cafes.  I had a hankering for a burger though, (which wasnt listed) so I texted Liam to ask if he knew of any places. He got right back to me and sent me to a terrific place just a couple blocks away.      The neighborhood is a perfect mix or residential and hip Brooklyn; I think its my new favorite area in New York! Not as crazy as Williamsburg but with nearly as many fun things to do.      It was a great stay and Liams hospitable, helpful, and friendly (albeit from a distance) manner made it perfect.  He even let me use his umbrella!   I highly recommend Liams place. My boyfriend and I had a great time. although I didnt get to meet Liam during our stay, he was always available via phone and email. Upon arrival, Liam left a detailed one sheet that included all the information that I would need for my stay. The location is perfect - just a 3 minute walk from L train Jefferson stop, with cafes and bars within blocks. Please be sure to take some time and walk around the neighborhood to see the beautiful murals contributed by the Bushwick Collective and other artists. Two thumbs up! Great location, very clean and full of artistic atmosphere. Liams place is exactly I wanted to spend a couple of days in Brooklyn, NY!  Liam is a perfect host! Informative, hospitable and kindly prepared more than everything I needed :-)   Our stay at Liams place was so much more that we had expected. He  welcomed us, got us set up in the neighbourhood and made sure we felt at home. The location could not have been better, right on the train line and in a really cool neighbourhood with bars and cafes. His place is super cosy, had everything we needed, and really made our stay so much nicer in New York. Thank you Liam! This was our second stay at Liams and it was just as great as the first. Thanks again for your hospitality! I felt very welcomed and  secure at Liams appartement. Enjoyed the space & the peace . Thank you Liam! Welcomed us with a bottle of wine, which was amazing after traveling so late. He was always easily available by phone for any questions, helped us with early checkin and stored our bags for slightly late checkout. Gave us great restaurant suggestions at various price points, and area gallery suggestions. So close to the L that is 15 minutes from Manhattan.  Liam was very welcoming from the moment we booked the apartment to the moment we arrived. Even though we never met him his instructions were clear and he was reachable if needed. The room was clean and it looked  just like described in the picture. We were visiting our daughter and the location worked perfectly to be close to her. The subway is 3 min. away and the neighborhood offers many amenities. Thanks Liam, we hope we can stay at your place again.  Great host, very attentive, clean and friendly apartment, located in a great area.  Thank you Liam.  Delphine & Virginie Liam was a very responsive host. When a small problem occurred during our stay, he took care of it in a timely manner. His apartment was nice and as described, and the location was super convenient (especially for us since it was just 2 blocks from our sons place). We found the Bushwick neighborhood very appealing, with restaurants and services all within an easy walk, and the L train too. Perfectly hosting in a personally appartement which is locatet in a lovely area with many nice bars and restaurants - thank you Liam. This must be my fifth stay at Liams and it has always been a pleasure. As a host, I love that pays attention to details and is highly communicative. The apartment itself is well decorated and situated near everything you could possible need. From the great Indian restaurant, bars, cafes to the metro station, a block away. Looking forward to my next visit.  Liams place is very clean, tastefully decorated, private, and close to everything. It was exactly what I needed the past week in NY and Ill definitely be back. Liams also a wonderful person and exceptional host.  Liam was a great host although we only saw him once. The neighborhood is great and the room was comfortable. We basically had the place to ourselves for most of the stay. There is a small but adequate back yard that we enjoyed a few times during our stay.  I had a wonderful restful stay at Liams beautiful place before I moved to my new apartment down the street. He left very clear instructions and lots of information making it easy for me to access even though he was away. The bedroom and whole apartment was cool, clean and very centrally located. I only met Liam once while I was there and he was very friendly and helpful. I would recommend this place to friends and family. A great base from which to explore Brooklyn and New York. The bonus is being surrounded by Liams amazing photography works of art, a real unique place! Everything was perfect prepared when i arrived. It`s a calm room in a exciting neighborhood. To have a backyard in the city was a very luxury for me, i loved it most! Go to Liams place, you will not regret it. The place is just as described, if not better. Its centrally located in one of the best places in Bushwick. The room is clean and quiet with a cute backyard and a good atmosphere. I would stay again, absolutely. Ive spent quite a few nights in NYC Airbnbs, and this one provided the best nights rest. Might be the location, the quiet or the bed (tempurpedic). Either way, pretty great.    Also great – roof access.    Not so great: people use your bathroom during the day and will occasionally leave the seat up. The shower drain cant handle the water at full blast, but I found that half blast was perfectly fine.  The apt is as described - clean and very cosy and equipped with everything you might need. Location within the neighborhood is excellent and really quite + backyard + Subway literally across the street. Liam was very responsive and flexible with check-in and -out – highly appreciated! We met him only twice during our stay so we had the apt for ourselves almost the whole time. Liam’s place is definitely a recommendation! Fun and convenient location, quiet and private.  The host was super responsive and helpful - Uber coupon and all.  The apartment is a wee bit tired but has a certain charm and because the host works in a space with a different entrance, it was like having the whole apartment.  The backyard was a bit less accessible than wed hoped ...but all in all, glad we stayed here.  Thanks!    My girlfriend and I stayed at Liams place for 5 nights. Liam was a great host, so friendly and helpful, and the apartment is great, in a trendy neighbourhood in Brooklyn. Highly recommend staying here.  I stayed for a month and I felt like home. The house is comfortable and warm. I really enjoyed the lively neighbourhood. Its very near to Manhattan (15 min with the L train).     Liam is a very good host, helpful in case of need.  We had a great stay in Brooklyn. The apartment was clean and well furnished, close to the subway and it was easy to get into Manhattan. The apartment itself is true to description: clean, cozy, comfortable and designed by himself! Liam is a great artist and we had the chance to see his creations all around the apartment.      We had an amazing stay at Liams. He was very flexible about check-in and check-out times. The apartment itself is very well located, and it is close to the train.  The neighborhood had many bars, coffee shops and restaurants. The neighborhood had a artsy vibe and his place is located across from the flea market. The apartment was cozy and was decorated with Liams art which made for an interesting and enjoyable stay. We had the place essentially to ourselves. Bonus: whatever detergent he uses for the sheets and towels smelled great! My niece and her friend loved the apartment and the neighborhood! Liam was very helpful and answered all my questions promptly! I would highly recommend a stay at Liams apartment! Thank you Liam!! Gosh, I almost missed the deadline for leaving this review and that would have been terrible. This is the second time Ive stayed at Liams place and both it and he are great. This time I came with my wife and we had wonderful time. The bed is comfy, the cozy apartment is the perfect size for a couple and, of course, the location is amazing. A bevy of bistros and bars and coffee joints are within blocks of you but the feeling of the area is not overly busy like Williamsburg. And the Bushwick-ers have covered every wall in the area with amazing murals and art.  A great art/hipster retreat.     And, as I say, Liam is the best host you could ask for. Very responsive and helpful, and with far better communications skills than myself.  Great apartment, neighborhood and proximity to the train. Highly recommended. Liam was the  perfect host for our stay in Brooklyn, and we feel we got the quintessential Bushwick experience.  A very convenient location with everything you could possibly need, literally within a two-block walk. Plenty of places to eat, shop, and hang out with a diverse and friendly local population and a subway station to Manhattan a block and a half away. A really great location and a truly gracious and accomodating host. Absolutely no complaints.     Liam is a really friendly host and this room basically comes with its own private apartment. The building is typical old Brooklyn, but the place feels cozy and is super quiet. The room has plenty of storage space and the mattress is quite excellent. I havent had any issues during my stay besides the radiator being broken through most of it, but luckily this November was pretty warm. All in all a great option right on the L! The room was great, one minute walk from the subway station, two minutes walk from grocery store.   And Liam is super nice and very thoughtful. We enjoyed our time staying there.  Liam and his apartment are tasteful, polite, calm, welcoming and warm. The neighborhood is amazing and vibrant while the apartment is a happy oasis with a backyard, a comfy bed and a real kitchen. Art on the walls, books on the shelves and beautiful furniture make time spent inside relaxing and meditative. I brought a singer over to play some music and she was awed by my luck at finding such a great place in the heart of Brooklyn! This was our second stay at Liams place. Perfectly sized for a couple and located steps away from the subway in one of the most interesting neighborhoods Brooklyn has to offer. Still highly recommended.   Liams place is awesome!  I booked a four week stay and couldnt be happier with the place. Most of the time it felt as if I was staying in a studio apartment.  The bed is super comfy with an A/C to keep you cool in the summer heat. Also, anything you might need or want to do are just a block or two from the apartment.  Its only 10 minutes to Bedford Ave, Williamsburg and another 5 to 1st Ave in the East Village.  If youre looking for a Bushwick apt, this is for you.  I will definitely stay there again if its available.  Probably one of the best stays Ive had so far. Prime Bushwick neighborhood, amazing room, beautiful hostess. Book this place! Liams place was perfect. I was going through a difficult time and needed a place to stay on short notice, and I couldnt have picked a better Airbnb. Technically, its a room in a shared apartment, but basically I had the entire apartment to myself for the week I was there. Liams art studio is in the front room of the apartment, so he was there sometimes, but I literally never saw him after the day I checked in. I had full use of the bedroom, backyard area, bathroom, and kitchen areas. The bed was super comfortable and the room was spacious, with plenty of empty drawer and closet space to unpack. There was a power strip right next to the bed, so no need to worry about not being able to plug in all your devices at once. There was a full-length mirror for getting ready, and an air conditioner that kept me cool in the middle of summer. It was also very quiet at night, because the bedroom is at the back of the building. The neighborhood is very happening; all the bars and restaurants you could ever want within a five-minute walk, and a 24-hour organic market one block away. All in all, a perfect place to stay, would definitely recommend to anyone! Nice place, great location!"	1
427	Rohits place was extremely clean and setup up perfectly for our stay. We had a great stay. This apartment was perfect! Exactly how it looked in pictures (or maybe even nicer in person!) and the hosts were attentive and helpful. Definitely recommend it! Adorable apartment - great location. Would definitely stay again. I was in Brooklyn for a couple events at the Barclays center this past weekend and Rohits apartment was perfect!  The location was great, it was super cute, clean and easy to find!  Nice backyard area.   Ping pong table was a fun bonus!  Plenty of bars and restaurants nearby to explore.  The train is within walking distance.  I would definitely stay at Rohits again! :) This place is great! I was hesitant to stay in bedsty but I had an awesome time. The apartment is beautiful and spacious. I highly recommend staying at Rhohit’s. Great apt with easy access to Manhattan. Comfortable space with the added bonus of the ping pong table! Awesome apartment, the pictures really represent the space offered. My parents and I really enjoyed our first Airbnb experience . Rohit quickly responded to any questions I had and was very helpful in giving us a lot of suggestions to make our stay really great. Will definitely return! Great place, well decorated and clean. The hosts are attentive and easy to reach. I would definitely stay again. Carsten and Rohits place was great ! Very clean and easy to check in and check out of. They responded to any questions we had and i would recommend staying here to groups of all sizes! Thank you guys so much for making our NYC trip great :) This is not a paradise at all. Very far from it. I will report all the issues I had in this awful experience:  The bath tub was clearly not cleaned at all, so I had to clean it but there were not even cleaning products. Thus, I had to use the dishwash soap.   The house was full of noises. The heating system was having a leaking sound for which I could not sleep the first night. Then, I had to turn off the heating system in order to be able to sleep. Apart from that, the people upstairs, were making so much noises everyday, it seemed the house was going to fall apart. Not very comfortable at all. The furniture looks nice in the pictures, but once there, it is an extremely cheap quality and even worse, we could not use the chairs because they were broken or the curtains would fall because it was not fixed to the wall. Definitely, not a safe experience  at all.   I communicated all the issues within the house from day one with the host. They live just upstairs and they did not make any effort to come to talk to us and solve it in the entire stay. She waited until we left to solve issues once airbnb forced them to give us a solution. I had to report and open a case with all the issues to Airbnb and then, after we left, they were keen to offer a discount of 80eur.  The worst is that she entered the house twice without telling us, but they forgot to close the doors, so two days in a row, when we came back at night, the doors were completely open, to the point that we were super scared someone broke into the house.   If only they would have try to talk to us on day one, things could have been different. Therefore, this has been the worst experience ever in an airbnb, not only for the house, but for the treatment and disrespect for the travelers experience.   The host would not talk to you at very much. Normally they have template emails to answer any question. Plus, it says very clear DO NOT CALL ME unless it is an urgency. This is not very welcoming when you know your host will not even try to communicate with you and tells you to not call. This is not an airbnb community experience at all.   It is a good value for the stay, but definitely not a paradise as it states in the title. Far from it.   This is not a safe area. If you want to save money it is good, but if you are looking for a safe area, I would not choose this location, plus it is very far from the city. But it is a good price, so it will depend on what you want to compromise on. Perfect spot to be The place is great! Rohit is really flexible and accommodating with an early check in and late check out.   The location is fantastic, 30 minutes into the city with Uber. 45 minutes with transit. Ha sido una semana en Nueva York fantastica y en gran medida el apartamento ha tenido que ver! Rohit ha contestado instantáneamente a todas mis preguntas (que han sido muchas).  El apartamento es tal cual aparece en las fotos y eso es de agradecer! Todo muy limpio, y muy calentito!! El baño estupendo. Y tiene todas las comodidades. Recomendable 100% Rohit was AMAZING!!! Very accommodating and the place was like a DREAM! Very safe, cozy, and stylish. My friends were very pleased with our stay and will DEFINITELY rebook with Rohit in the summer when we return.  Very much so much recommended and the price is unbeatable! Check in and Check out were very easy and convenient. The apartment is clean and very nicely decorated. We particularly loved the ping pong table downstairs where we spent quite some time  playing. We like the neighborhood and have stayed around there before, but never in a property this nice! Both his and cohost are super nice and responsive to all our needs. We recommend this place for a family or friends visiting the city and wanting to get the most for your money! I hope to stay here again. The place is really great to stay at. It was perfectly clean and the communication with the hosts was very easy. They helped us a lot with any question and responded very quick. The place is really close to some very nice restaurants and bar and even though it doesn’t look like it everywhere the neighborhood seems to be quite safe. I can highly recommend staying with Rohit and Carsten they are great hosts and their place is lovely! We loved staying in such a beautiful space that was easy to make home. There’s tons of grocery options around if you want to take advantage of the kitchen. Rohit was really helpful and flexible and the place is super clean. Definitely recommend! He’s a great host, cute lil apartment def check out if you’re in the area! Looks the same in the pictures as in person. Very quick to respond to messages. Great place. Close to subways. We had to walk a bit farther at night because the closest subway didnt run at the time needed. Overall nice place. Very comfortable place. Even though I never saw the host, he was very helpful and responsive. For me, it was perfect in terms of price and comfortability. This place is very clean and close to subway. I recommend this place. We loved to stay there. Rohit was very clear and timely when giving instructions for getting to the unit. The place was very nice, modern and updated. It is located next to a fried chicken restaurant so you could smell the fried chicken late at night, but there are much worse things you could smell in NY! We really enjoyed our stay!  Oh and the shower has double shower heads. Was very pleased when I discovered that!	1
428	"This is a great location and the place is perfect for crashing if you are interested in getting out in the town. It is walking distance from many great bars and restaurants in the East Village. The subway is about a mile away and did not take too long by foot.   Mich was a great host. She met us later in the evening consider our flight landed late. She was kind enought to provide us with advice on the city. I would definatley recommend her place.    Nice apartment, nice neighborhood, very nice and kind host!!! Our permanence in Michaellas place has been very cozy and warm, we felt like home. The best place to have relax after a touristy day walking in NY with a glass of red wine (not included :-P)  And Mich has been very very kind and gentle... extraordinary!!  For sure, in my next time in NY i will try again to stay there:-) Choosing Michs place for my 10-day trip to NYC was the best decision ever! Perfect location in a surprisingly quiet street of bubbly East Village, with plenty of interesting cafes, bars and restaurants around. Its close enough to the subway grid, which makes it very convenient as a starting point to visit the entire city.  The apartment is cute and in good shape, with more than enough room for one person. One detail: besides a mattress cover and pillowcases, dont forget to bring your own cover! I misunderstood this indication and only brought a duvet casing, but Mich was kind enough to very quickly find a solution - and I didnt have to be cold at night.  For sure, if I go back to NYC, Ill try to stay at Michs place again! This apt is lovely! Just right for feeling like a real (East-Village-)New-Yorker. Enough light, privacy, its safe, amazingly quiet@night, and a supernice, reliable, uncomplicated, helpful host Mich!  Theres everything u need, and what a cool neighorhood! Imagine u r too tired to really dress up and get out again but too awake to go to bed? No prob here, anything goes.   Youve got your milk around the corner, ur restaurant in a few steps , ur Pizza down there...U think too freaky, u r not that sort? Not@all, u can have a stylish Cappuchino or a sophisticated conversation, live and let live! Wed come back anytime, thx so much, Mich! The title says it all this place certainly is a gem. Smack bang in the middle of all the east village action. We had a fantastic 8 nights at michs apartment. Do yourself a favour and book this place for your next trip to NYC. Some provided linen would have been helpful but we organised that ourselves. Thumbs up.    Jesse     Australia My boyfriend and I had just moved to New York and needed to find a place for 30 days until we could move into our own apartment.  Lucky for us,  Michs place was just the ticket! It was clean, cozy and a perfect fit for two people. The best part was that we got a chance to experience the East Village! We were just steps away from Tompkins Square Park where they had outdoor summer movies every Thursday and tons of eclectic shops and restaurants. Mich was so nice and also very helpful to a couple of Airbnb first timers. I would highly recommend both the area   and the apartment to visitors!  Really nice and quiet apartment, Mich was a very kind, helpful and available host.  The place is perfect to visit NYC, short distances to bus/metro.  The neighbourhood is very lively: full restaurants/cafes/pubs/delis; however the nights were silent and quiet. We thank Mich to gave us the opportunity to live as a real New Yorker! This apartment was absolutely perfect for us and the location was amazing! It was close enough to all the bars and restaurants we wanted to go to but it was set back enough that its on a pretty quiet street which made our stay even more comfortable. Very safe neighborhood. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here and would certainly rent this apartment again!  Michs apartment is really lovely, one of the bigger apts in the area... and the neighborhood is so fun. It was a bit complicated getting the keys and having to do deposit via (Hidden by Airbnb) made it a bit more stressful. Also, note that you need to bring your own blanket; this was a surprise to me. Otherwise, a great stay. Had a great time!    The apartment is located in a very cool area, walking distance from lots of bars, pubs, clubs and resturaunts, while the street itself is quiet. Its an amazing neighbourhood, very young, the park is full of kids and dogs playing, we didnt want to leave...    Mich was great, we didnt bother her much but she was hlpfull, nice, and very friendly.     Thanks Mich! Great area, lovely little ffat with lots of potential We enjoyed our stay at Michs very much.  The apartment was clean, warm, very quiet, and in a great location.  Mich was there to meet us and make us feel comfortable the day we arrived.  Everything went very well, and we didnt need to call her for anything.  We would definitely stay here again. If anyone is looking for a taste of living like a true new yorker & seeing it like a local then Michs is the place to be.  Set in the heart of the trendiest district in Manhattan & super close to the funky bars & boutiques of the lower east side.  The flat is arty funky homely & cosy - a real home away from home, I didnt want to leave & could even see myself living there! We were two female travellers & always felt very safe in the area even late at night. There is the relaxing tompkins sq pk right on the doorstep for morning jogging & the coolest cafe (B cup - East Village Cafe) down the road for the most amazing breakfast grub (check out the poached egg ciabatta - sigh... want to be back in NY!)  close to the L train subway, making it a short journey into midtown for those first time new york visitors who want to do the tourist thing...  And one tube stop away from trendy Williamsburg with all its cool jazz bars & Im-so-cool-it-hurts crowd...  Mich herself is another plus about the place.  She is professional & committed to guest satisfaction. and she knows a helluva lot about new york city. as i arrived on my own she really helped me feel welcome & even invited me to a gig that night - top lady!....  i would recommend this place to anyone - but especially couples & friends on hol.....   The house is exactly how you see it in the pictures so there were no surprises in that sense; it is a small apartment, but it is pretty big to be a nyc apartment. There is not much closet space because the big closet is occupied by the owners stuff.   The house was really warm, so we didnt really have problems with temperatures, apart from the drafts that came from one of the windows (the one next to the bed) because of the hole that was made to put the AC.  The water pressure is awesome! Never had a problem with warm water running out which was perfect!.  The pigeons are kinda noisey at night in the communal trash area for the building.  There are a lot of cute restaurants in the area, especially on avenue c, we went to one of the restaurants for brunch and i have to say it was really nice.  I really liked the floor couch, it was particularly suiting when we would order chinese food and just eat on the floor, for a great east village experience!  The area was pretty quiet which was good because the walls are not that thick.  Make sure to bring sheets, towels and such because these are not provided.  The owner is pretty easygoing, there was a misunderstanding on the pricing of the stay, the day before moving into the apartment, which was pretty stressfull, but thankfully it was quickly handled by airbnb.  Make sure to understand what things you should or should not use to avoid future misunderstandings. We enjoyed our stay at Michs appartment. She is a nice and sprited individual and her appartment reflects her personality. The neighbourhood will be an interesting part of your ny experience. We enjoyed East Village and MIchs appartment a lot.  Super quartier  East Village !  Très bien placé . Le square en bas est tres sympa.   Pour info on avait besoin d un sac de couchage quand on est arrivé Mich nous a envoyé dans un supermarché à 5 mn de chez elle  "" Kmart "" génial le magasin on trouve tout à des prix résonnables . Il y a plein de restaurants bon et pas cher dans le quartier . Stay in New York - like a New Yorker. Thats how it feels to live in Michs small and cozy apartment. In a couple of days the residents of the neighbouring building said How are you today? when I went out in the morning. Its a good, clean, safe and even quiet flat, although its placed in the middle of a very lively part of town. 10 minutes to Subway on First Avenue/E 14th St. and a lot of cafes and restaurants just around the corner. Communication with Mich is fast and easy and you will be pleased with the place just as I was. I highly recommend Michs apartment for one or more travelers. Our host was very helpful with the check-in process as our flight arrived very late at night. We were given a late check-out on our last day which was helpful too. There was a good amount of space in the apartment.     The bed is quite small and next to the air conditioning unit, and there was quite a lot of street noise (to be expected perhaps). These are relatively minor complaints; bear in mind this place is on the cheaper end of the spectrum for East Village. Thank you for having us! We totally enjoyed our stay in Michs apartment. She was very helpful and responded our questions quickly. The appartment   is perfect for three persons. The actual appartment looks exactely like on the pictures. However, the air conditioner wasnt installed anymore in the bedroom but we just opened the window, so it wasnt an issue at all. Also, Mich provided us sheets and towels for our stay.  The East Village is a modern and really nice part of Manhattan with many bars and restaurants. Especially on the weekend the streets are crowed with people. However, we felt always safe walking through the streets even when it was late. Furthermore, we recommend Tompkins square bagels for breakfast.    This was our first airbnb experience but definitely not our last one. We totaly recommend Michs apartment for a great holiday trip in New York City! This is a really nice apartment in an awesome location! The neighborhood is great if you want to start off your day in a non-tourist area. Its close to bars, restaurants and a lovely park.    We visited in August, so Michs home was a bit warm. The AC takes a bit of time to cool the place down. Apart from that the apartment is clean and cozy.    Mich was really responsive and helpful and we didnt have any trouble checking in or out. Check this place out next time youre in New York!  I was here with a friend and we really enjoyed it.   The bed was very comfortable, towels and linen were provided and the neighborhood is awesome! There are many bars, coffee shops, small boutiques and a park. Nevertheless, there isnt so much street noise at night as in other places in Manhattan.  It wasnt perfectly clean (e.g. one pillow but there were enough others, the windows) yet totally okay.  Also, it was a bit darkish during daytime in the living room. But, that shouldnt bother you as youll be outside the whole day:)  Mich was very nice and responded very quickly!  I would definitely recommend this apartment for a stay in New York. The bedroom has a lot of light, the shower is great and the kitchen works fine and its well equipped. The apartment is well located, just a 5 minute walk to the subway, and in the neighborhood there are a lot of nice places to have lunch, dinner or breakfast.  Mich is very responsive and answers very quickly to any question. We had a problem with the wifi and she managed to fix it with the provider while she was away on a trip.   Having said that, I found a little bit uncomfortable in the bedroom the lack of heavy curtains to avoid the morning light and have privacy and that the curtain opposite to the bed gets jammed with the grates. The AC makes a lot of noise so we just couldnt use it much and I would suggest to have less furniture (like the shelfs beside the bed).  Probably Mich will fix everything when she comes back from her trip.  Best,    Flexibilidad en el horario de entrada y salida, lo cual se agradece mucho, y comunicación con el anfitrión bastante fluida a pesar de la diferencia horaria existente.  El apartamento es tal y como como se describe y aparece en las fotos, algo viejo pero limpio y funcional.  Hemos estado en época de mucho frío y la calefacción y el agua caliente funcionaban de maravilla.  Quizá recomendaría que arreglaran el radiador de la habitación, ya que hace ruido y para poder dormir bien lo teníamos que cortar por la noche.  Otro punto a mejorar sería la luz en el dormitorio, entra mucha luz y si se quiere dormir hasta un poco más tarde cuesta con tanta luz. Aun así, hemos dormido perfectamente. We liked the place. Great space and neighborhood. The apartment was exactly as described, clean and suited us perfectly. Mich was easy to communicate with and always responded promptly. This place was great.  It was in a great location for us, especially for exploring around the East Village, Union Square, LES, Nolita, and even Chinatown.  The apartment was great for getting a real feel for living in New York.  The apartment was perfect for 2 people, was clean.  Mich was very responsive throughout the whole process.  A great choice! Laccoglienza del nostro Host è stata ottima.Sapevamo gia che non lavremmo incontrata, ma è intervenuta unamica che ci ha portato in casa e dato alcune spiegazioni.Lappartamento è esattamente come (Website hidden by Airbnb) nella foto, sicuramente molto sacrificato per noi che eravamo in quattro, ottimo per due persone. Abbiamo sentito la mancanza di un tavolo, su cui mangiare, scrivere, appoggiarsi, ma poi non è pesato più di tanto perchè eravamo sempre fuori.  Lappartamento è delizioso, pieno di colore e luce, latmosfera è quella del quartiere, molto easy friendly e autentico. si respira armonia e solidarietà, il parco è un capolavoro, molti gli homeless che si dedicano a tenere il quartiere pulito e controllato.  Ho apprezzato molto lo stile di Mich, il mio host, ci ha messo a disposizione la casa come se fossimo degli amici, dandoci accesso alle sue cose, sempre disponibile e raggiungibile,, ma lasciando che ci facessimo la nostra vacanza, adattandoci a quella che è latmosfera dellEast Village.Eva , la sua amica, è stata preziosa.  Il quartiere è vivace, ma rilassato, è un New York diversa da quella sfavillante e chiassosa che ci si aspetta. Anche i locali, tantissimi e molto carini sono un po alternativi. Bella larchitettura, che è quella originale, colorata ma di classe proprio perchè autentica Apartment was exactly as described and Mich left an inflatable mattress to accommodate our second guest. Location is great if youre looking for an authentic east village experience and the place was cleaned before we arrived. Great value for living in New York, would definitely stay again Mich made the arrival nice and easy with her clear and helpful communication.   The apartment had everything I needed and was in a grey area close to the things I wanted to do.   The only negative was roadworks being carried out in the street. But this was obviously not something the host could have predicted or prevented.  Overall it was a great experience and I would recommend this place.  Apt was as it appeared in photos. Good location in the east village. Was easy to get in.  Location was a great base to explore the city from. I even walked to Flatiron from there on a nice day and it was quite a pleasant way to explore the city. Lots of places to hangout within close proximity too. Mich was a very responsive host too. All in all, didnt have complaints considering the value.  We didnt see Mich but she gave us enough explainations and it was easy to get the Keys.  The apart was clean and like Mich described it. This apart is perfect for two people who can share the bedroom. East village is a great place to stay, full of bars, restos, shops and convenient to move everywhere in NYC.  Catherine Great location, off the park, cool neighborhood.  Though the place didnt feel well cared for.  Mich communicated well at first, and when we told her it didnt smell good, and the sheets didnt seem clean, she got the issue fixed right away.  She later wasnt so pleasant, which was disappointing.  The place is full of unnecessary furniture, not leaving much space for our luggage - between that, and all her personal stuff.  More care, would make us look forward to returning at night... to an otherwise grim place that just needs some love. Michs place was great. It was well located and Mich was very helpful in providing instructions for the apartmnet. The apartment was perfectly situated in the east village and surrounded by cool restaurants and bars. Would definitely stay here again! Thanks Mich! Michs apartment was perfect for our stay in NYC. It was simple but adequate, clean and in a great location.   We arrived very late at night so Mich provided very clear instructions on where to find and how to enter the apartment. She was also very quick to respond to questions.   I would happily stay at Michs apartment again. Mich was very helpful right from the beginning and she responded quickly. We got a very good instructions from her about the keys etc. and it was really easy to follow. The apartment was nice and cozy. I would definitely stay at this place again because there is an easy access to everywhere. Loved the dog park next to the building :) Thanks for letting us stay in your lovely  apartment it was centrally located the bed was comfy and it has all the necessities plus Mich was very quick to respond when there were problems. Really nice of much to help me organise my jacket being collected when I left it there accidentally. Thank you We found the place easily with clear directions from Mich. Alphabet city is a great place to stay with many bars, restaurants and cafes close by. It was a little noisy but from what Ive been told thats the nature of New York.   The apartment its self is comfortable with a small kitchen.  It is obvious that Mich does still live there with her personal things hidden in boxes around the house, but not in the way.  Great location and easy to pickup the keys! I had a wonderful stay. Mich was a attentive host who responded quickly to my questions and checked in with me to make sure I was comfortable.  The apartment is great and is in a great location. The place was clean and cozy. Mich responded suoer fast each time we contacted her. The instructions were easy and clear. The area is really cool. I would totally recommend Michs olace to stay in NYC We had such a lovely time in NYC. The appartement is situated in the Alphabet City, East Village with lots of nice shops  (vintage shops!), bars and restaurants. We used the Citi bike every day to discover this superbe city which I want to recommend at every one. There is a station around the corner at the lovely dog park in front. The appartement was clean and Mich was very helpfull, we didnt meet but everything was very well explained (adress, keys). Thx for the great times! I did not actually met Mich as she was away when I was in NYC, but she was always very kind, quick and effective when answering my questions! She was also very flexible about check in and check out.  Her place is nicely located in a quiet area of East Village but just 5min walk away from plenty of cool bars and restaurants. Also, it is well connected to public transports as there are 3 subway stations at walking distance (approx 10min).  The flat was professionally cleaned when we arrived. The bedroom was spaceous, very comfy and there is enough space in the living room for 2 people to sleep in. Bathroom was clean and functional as well.  All in all, I would strongly recommend Michs place as it was a great pleasure to stay here and she managed to make it a flawless experience.  Again, thank you very much Mich! This location was especially good for us while visiting family who lives just two blocks away. We loved the walkability and energy of Alphabet City and the Lower East Side..and could not believe how close all the destinations in Lower Manhattan are to 9th and Ave B. The place was quiet, clean and comfortable for us and useable as a ""base camp""  while we stayed here. Towels, bedding and access worked perfectly and as described by Mich.   Mich was an enjoyable host. She was very sweet and quick to respond to all communication. The apartment was quaint, though a little noisy with thin walls. There were people partying on the streets until 3am and loud garbage trucks at 6am, but I realize thats New York. Overall a good experience for the price we paid in a great location. Mich was very helpful leading up to my first stay with Airbnb ever! The listing was accurate and the place was clean and ready for me when I arrived. I had no issues getting in and out and the location in the East Village was perfect. Id highly recommend staying here if youre looking for a good price and location!  The arrangements for the apartment were very smooth and the instructions to get in were easy to follow. The location of the apartment is great with lots to do in the immediate area.    It is pretty noisy as others have mentioned (on 2nd floor) but the upside is there isnt much walking up flights of stairs. The apartment hasnt been recently updated, but it was clean and comfortable, particularly the bed.    Mich was very responsive to our needs as guests and we would be happy to stay here again if we came back to NYC. Adoramos el apartamento de Mich, limpio, amplio, el cuarto muy luminoso, un baño cómodo. Completamente equipado. Estuvimos allí 13 días y fueron estupendos. Siempre había un bus o un subte cerca que nos llevaba a cualquier parte de Manhattan. No tuvimos la suerte de conocer personalmente a Mich, pero respondió ante todas nuestras dudas y consultas rápidamente! Muy recomendable, en caso de volver a NY seguramente volveremos a ese apartamento. Michs apartment in the East Village is in a great spot for soaking up the atmosphere around Tompkins Square. It was clean and tidy and the location was surprisingly quiet -especially at night for sleeping! I would definitely return.  Everything was as expected and Mich was very quick to respond and very helpful Really really enjoyed my stay in Michs little apartment. East village is really cool. It is indeed a gem of an apartment. I recommend it to anyone really, probably only enough room for a couple of 2 adults and 1 kid like us. Its not the most luxurious place on earth but its charming and does the job.  I found the neighbourhood to be very peaceful and people are very friendly. The instructions for the keys were great, worked really well. It does get very hot in the summer and the A/c is a little dubious, but its not that bad and you get used to it.  Mich was great! Even though I didnt got to meet her personally, she communicated with me constantly  and her directions were clearly and easy to find. Her apartment was great and clean, not anything fancy but best place to spend the night and to have some privacy and the best part was that its located in the best East Village spot; you got everything in your surroundings. The Gem was excellent, the only But I could find was her bathtub. It was kind of annoying to get a relaxing full speed shower but anything else was great! Thank you Mich for your hospitality!  Michs apartment is clearly not a gem, but has a good location and as a host, Mich was good in answering inquiries. The apartment lacks of care and organization, my friend and I did not have any closet space or apartment space for our things, extra large mattress leaning on walls, there was and absurd amount of pillows, chairs and objects that we had to call in help in order to make space available. We were also indicated to not say we were an Airbnb guest, after we had done our payment. This made the whole transaction sketchy and when running into people, we had to lie about our stay. The lack of care in bathroom and painting of apartment did not justify the price that was asked for the rental. I do not recommend staying here.  Mich was an absolutely fabulous host, and the apartment was just as amazing! We travelled to the US from Australia and Mich was extremely flexible with our check in and check out times. Although we didnt meet in person, Mich responded very quickly to all of our queries. I would 100% recommended this place to anyone wishing to travel to New York! It was close to restaurants and bars, but also close to the subway so it was easy to get to all of the tourist attractions. Thanks again for such a wonderful stay Mich! :) A cosy little place close to buses that connect to train lines. Easy place for ubers and taxis to find. The bed was comfortable and had all amenities required for our two week stay. The heating was great as it snowed! It really felt like home. Thanks again Mich :)   Its a nice small studio in a good location. Michs a great host! Enjoy your stay here The apartment is a comfortable and warm place, close to several restaurants and lively bars in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan. Perfect for people who want easy access to public transport to explore Manhattan or even commute daily to work.  The place is well equipped with all amenities and furniture that made us feel at home. Mich has been a wonderful host as she coordinated our arrival smoothly and replied to any questions we had as soon as possible. To conclude, I had a pleasant stay at the apartment and would definitely recommend it to anyone visiting NYC.  I stayed for 2 weeks at Michs place and overall had a good time. The location is great for anyone who wants to stay in a cool vibrant area with lots of great bars and restaurants, and also not too far from other cool areas. Negative aspects were a missing ironing board and a few broken ceiling lights. Check-in and check-out was very flexible and communication was good, which made up for any imperfections otherwise. I would stay here again! Michs apartment is a very good solution in a nice neighborhood. Not far from subway, youll fine also caffè, bars and clubs. The apartment is small but comfortable.  The apartment is wonderful! Just as described and shown in the pictures. The location is in the heart of East Village, very close to lots of bars and restaurants and a metro. Mitch was very accesible as well. Mich was super easy to work with. Any  questions I had were responded to very quickly. The apartment is in a great spot in the East Village. Would highly recommend! Apartment is very comfortable although a little far from subway. Great neighborhood, all in all comfortable and great value for money We enjoyed Michs place a lot. The  information and description she provided was perfect: we found the flat and the keys without any problem since she was not there at that moment.  The neighbourhood is amazing: lots of bars, people, the atmosphere is very lively and nice. There are perfect transport connections with bus and metro.  Since it is an area where there are a lot of bars, it is a little bit noisy when you wanna sleep but with earplugs is more than enough (for those who cannot sleep with noise). The flat was smaller from what we expected. I would say that no more than two people fit in it.  The flat was very clean; she provided us with a set of clean sheets and towels. There is a hairdryer, so theres not need to bring any. The kitchen is full provided. We had a small and unfortunate incident since we found a small mouse running through the flat, BUT I dont think that has to do with Michs flat but with the building. It is not the fact that the flat was dirty or whatsoever, on the contrary, but I guess the small animal sneaked in the flat from the main building.   OVERALL: the flat was very good for two people and we enjoyed a lot. I really recommend it.   My daughter and I really enjoyed Michs lovely place which has high ceiling, Blue Green and Golden yellow walls revitalizing and refreshing us after our journey of the day and all amenities and furniture that made us feel at home.  Great neighborhood, beautiful park, great food, nice Laundry, easy access to bus and metro.    Mich is so kind and thoughtful, supported us for the comfort stay.  Arigatou ♡  Michs place is perfect for your next vacation! Super comfortable apartment (lovely bed!) and a great location. Would highly recommend staying here.  ottima posizione , zona tranquilla , Mich molto cordiale e disponibile ad accogliere le nostre esigenze . Mich is great host and the apartment is amazing! Though the location is great and Mich is a very helpfull host, the experience was far from giving us satisfaction : A/C in poor condition (1 not working, the other one too noisy and therefore not usable at night), no table, no microwave oven ... but 2 fridges (?), Internet equipement poorly installed directly on the ground, broken mirror, beetle in the corridor, painting and doors need some refurbishment (pictures available on request)... A little bit of investment is urgently needed to bring this flat to a correct airbnb standard. We had a wonderful weekend in Michs home. Its really conveniently located. Check-in was a breeze and the house was comfortable. The location next to Tompkins Sq Park is fantastic for dining out, nightlife, boutique shopping and soaking-up the feel of living in the residential area of the East Village which is still central to other NYC attractions. The apartment was clean with everything that you need, wifi was fast, bed was comfortable and it was great value. Thanks. Mich. I had a  great time in your place. Mich has the qualities I expect from a host: shes cordial, she provides clear and precise information and shes quick to answer to any questions. Also, the apartment is exactly as it appears in the pictures. Its clean, fully equiped, small but perfect for two, and pretty quiet (aside from the air conditioner, which didnt bother us that much, and you can turn it off). The neighborhood is nice, more soothing than midtown. Theres a supermarket really close, and many ethnic restaurants. Unless youre willing to walk a little while, youll need to take bus and/or metro if youre moslty interested by the mainstream touristic area (Time Square, etc.). Its good though to spend the nights in a quieter district, away from the crowd and noises. In short, I would recommand this apartment. Me and my friend had a really great time in the east village. I would definitely recommend the area and the apartment! Charming flat with excellent value for money. A bit noisy while no sound isolation but the street is not too busy at night; you can yet not expect sleeping early or late... Comfortable and clean. Didnt meet Mich but everything is clearly explicated. The apartment was nice. Little bit small and too far from the metro compare to its cost. Moreover, the bathroom was not so clean. This small appartment is located in the centre of the East Village. The location is perfect to access all interesting spots in Manhattan and Williamsburg. Nevertheless its quiet and peaceful (unless its hot and you need the aircon). The whole transaction with Mich was very easy going. Altogether we had a wonderful time in New York, thanks a lot! Excellent location to explore the East Village. Being right on Tompkins Square Park was a real highlight. The apartment itself has everything you need for a week or two, and the street facing bedroom has lovely light. Its small, but it is in New York.... Check in was very simple. We stayed for a week in Michs apartment. We never met Mich but she was attentive and super nice via email before check in and the keys were easy to obtain with a thorough guidance from Mich. The apartment is located in Lower East Village (also known as Alphabet City) by Tompkin Square Park. An urban. local and somewhat festive area especially around St Marks Place. We enjoyed it wit all its eating opportunities, cafes and bars. Even though the apartment is not located on a festive street, there is some noise from the streets to the apartment - but something probably hard to avoid in NYC. We would recommend the apartment. Mich is very organized so that your arrival and stay will be very easy. Very well situated to visit NYC! Michs home is nice, just like the photos. She has a cool decorative style with bright walls. The location is great, right by Thompkins Square Park and all the greatest bars/restaurants. Trendy area. Easy check in. Very communicative with me so that made things easy! It’s about 15 minutes walking to a subway. Great location! Nearby park! Great restaurants and coffee places! Great location! East Village is the place to be! many shops around, laundry, restaurants etc etc. Easy access to the apartment. Perfect for a few days in the city! Great location, quiet street, quick response, quiet neighbours, ideal for couples, very comfortable apartment. Thanks again Mich! Mich’s place is the perfect choice for private, comfortable and convenient accommodation when in New York at a much more manageable cost than the extortionate hotel prices. There were multiple subway stations within easy walking distance of the apartment, which made getting to popular tourist attractions really simple. The apartment had everything we needed to happily self-cater and this saved us a lot of money that would have otherwise been spent on eating out. Mich was really friendly and helpful, even providing us with some tips for our stay. Although Mich wasn’t around during our stay, check-in and check-out were seamless as she provided us with comprehensive instructions that were easy to follow. It may be worth messaging Mich before you book as it turned out that the price for our stay was more expensive than we first paid for through Air Bnb (apparently this can often happen, particularly when booking accommodation around Christmas time). Mich was understanding and compromised with us in this situation, she also gave us multiple options for paying the extra of cancelling if we wished, which was great. I would really recommend Mich’s place to anyone looking for affordable accommodation in New York that is comfortable, cosy safe and private and means you can be fully self-sufficient. It’s far enough away from Times Square  etc to feel like you are experiencing a real taste of New York life (rather than a totally touristy holiday), but close enough to make getting around easy and visiting all the popular attractions achievable. I would definitely stay at Mich’s place again myself and recommend it to friends and family. Michs place is situated in a great part of the Lower East Side. We have travelled to NYC on a number of occasions and we love LES/Alphabet City. I would recommend Michs place for sure! If youre looking for an apt. on the lower east side for 2 people, I would suggest looking into this one. Its very close to Tompkins Square Park and the surrounding blocks are rich with cafes and restaurants."	0
429	Hola a todos, el departamento de Gabriel muy recomendable, cerca de transporte público y Gabriel super amable, siempre estuvo pendiente de lo que necesitabamos y para orientarnos en cuanto al metro y lugares de interes.  A great stay with great host! Everything was perfect for working and checking out the area for 10 Days. Very good accommodation! Easy transfer. Big and clean room and bathroom. Highly recommend!  Great place to stay. Wish I had time to stay longer! Beautiful, well light building bright, clean , refurbished room with private bath In private apartment. Near  subway.  Hosts were accommodating and friendly. Wonderful with communication. Very pleasant room for two and a great rate.  Its my first airbnb stay in NY, im so glad that I have chosen Carloss place, valentina, one of the host was the one to greet me and help me with the luggages at 7 in the (Website hidden by Airbnb) so thankful to have valentina took care of everything! The room is clean and the bed is cozy, definitely a good place for one person to stay in! Overall: nice place and nice people! Thanks for making my trip so memorable! Xoxo will definitely gonna stay here again next time when im in NY! Carlos was the perfect host! I loved staying at his place because I used to live in that neighborhood.   I highly recommend Carlos place. Unfortunately,  we never met, but he answered any questions I had. He was very responsive.  I never waited more than five minutes for his answer.  I will definitely stay with Carlos again. The apartment was very neat, clean and I loved having my own bathroom.    Thank you again Carlos, I look forward to staying with you in the near future.   Lisa Marie Philson  Great little spot. Clean and new. Separate entry is a plus.  Carlos was very accommodating. I appreciated the extendable aspect of the bed and the connected bathroom. The space was very modern looking and I would definitely recommend it to others. I enjoyed my stay at Carloss place. It is a perfect place for a single person. Carlos is, indeed, a super host! Very quick to communicate and answer any questions.  The room and bath were immaculate and the apartment itself is modern, attractive, and well-arranged for privacy. The building is beautifully restored with high ceilings, marble floors and other fine touches. Sugar Hill was a new part of NYC  to explore and I found it dynamic, fun, and only about 20 minutes by subway from the center of the city.  I would definitely stay in Carlos place again and recommend it. Extremely tidy and  easily accessible flat that is located  close to the  Manhattan tourist/sight-seeing spots . Carlos was a great host who really went out of his way and helped with directions, recommendations and travel guidance to ensure that I had a pleasant stay in New York. Thank you for your all your help Carlos! Clean apartment. Beautiful communication. Stellar hosting. Location is great as well! Private entrance to access your room is jackpot. Do not think twice about booking. the place is amazing. Clean and shiny. A perfect room And the bathroom is clean and bright. The hosts were generous and kind and help me with Everything I asked. the room was amazing and gorgeous and More incredible than I expected. The hosts were sensitive and considerate.  The place is close to the train station Good and nice neighborhood. it was a perfect Room and bathroom. Private bathroom perfectly. thank you so much For  the hosting.I recommend from all my hurt on the room and Im sure that in My next trip to New York i will take this room again. Carlos’ place was VERY clean and the perfect little setup for privacy and a retreat from the bustling city. As a host Carlos was polite, quiet, and helped out when you needed it.  The metro is 3 min walk away to take you downtown to the attractions or whatever you’d like. I will and would recommend staying with Carlos again. The space was very clean and access was easy. Carlos was always available and very communicative by text and email. I appreciated the easy access to mass transit and always felt safe in the neighborhood, even late at night. I would highly recommend this rental to anyone coming to New York. Comfortable bed and a nice space. Carlos was easy to communicate with and responded quickly I stayed for 8 nights total. The apartment is located in an older, but well-maintained building, and it is newly renovated just as the pictures show. Carlos was friendly, very good with communication, and flexible with check-in and check-out times.   A problem that could not be foreseen from the pictures in the listing is that the bed does not have a real mattress. It has two thin foam pads that can be spread out when the bed is extended. I found this to be extremely hard on my back and found it very difficult to sleep, so I had to move the foam pad to the floor and sleep there for 8 nights. The WiFi, although available, had a very weak signal, so it may be a problem if you plan on using (Hidden by Airbnb) or watching movies. Although the listing describes the room as private, I found it to be rather susceptible to noise, so I would not recommend it to people who have trouble falling to sleep or who sleep early. Very friendly, clean, comfortable, pretty and in a great location place. Private entrance and bathroom were priceless. Cute, clean and convenient little spot (loved the private entrance and personal bathroom)!  Unfortunately, there was no heat and I had to sleep and walk around with layers of clothing and blankets. I informed the host and was provided additional blankets which were sadly not sufficient to keep me warm and comfortable during some very cold nights in NYC. Thinking about it now, I wish I had packed a small heater - baby it was cold outside AND inside!  This aside, overall a pretty good deal. the location is great,very easy to find and take a subway downtown,the room is private and lovely~thanks~ Ambient molto pulito ed curato. Ragazzi sono stati molto disponibili ed gentili. Zona tranquility. Very good host. He was very fast in communication and helpful with some tips. The room is fine and completely adequate. Carlos place was great! It was a convenient place to stay in the city, with easy access to the A, C, and 1 trains, and the private bathroom was an excellent touch. The mattress was slightly softer than we were used to but for a few nights it was fine. Carlos is very flexible with check-in time and really responsive to any need or questions. Authentic New York Experience! Loved our stay and Carlos was great and very responsive! The room is very clean and quaint with a private bathroom and separate entrance which leads directly into your room. The location is super close to the subway which was great when the temperature dropped around new years. There are coffee shops and deli’s within walking distance and we really liked the Monkey Cup which was a couple blocks away. Carlos’s place is a great find, we loved our visit to New York and if we ever come back we’ll definitely stay here again! Carloss apartment is really great, very clean and well-equipped.The apartment at night is decorated so warm that makes you feel like home.Carlos is very considerable and kind, always responds at once.The way to subway is convenient and a food market is just besides it.If anyone who has a good taste and wants a wonderful trip living as a local in NY,I highly recommend Carlos to you!	1
430	Rahuls place is in an amazing location. There are so many cool spots in the close vicinity. I had a very nice base there. Close to a cheap gym, good transport links into Manhattan and Williamsburg and of course a very comfortable room. Rahul was always on the other end of the phone to help me out and answer questions and he was a pleasure to hang out with when we were both in the apartment. Hes great. Highly recommend.  Awsome time at Rahuls , clean and cozy appartement . If you enjoy the unique style of Brooklyn youll love this spot in Bushwick . Rahuls was great he asked us If we needed anything and also made us feel welcome at his place , he was a great host . The appartement was clean and looked really nice . Comfortable bed and access to heat and AC . WE HIGHLY RECOMAND! :) Rahuls place is nice and comfortable. There you can find all you need to spend some days in NY. We really enjoyed stayed here. Rahul is so nice and helpful. He gave us a lot of suggestion about food!!  Easy access to the Subway. GREAT place to stay in Brooklyn! Great location with easy access. The room was spacious and comfortable. The whole place was spotless. Rahul was absolutely wonderful, he was very accommodating and kind. He responded to our messages quickly and helped us getting around. We had a great time and will definitely come back! Highly recommended!  Clean, Ready, and just as advertised. I would recommend to any couple or 1 person staying. Rahul is awesomesauce. His apartment is in a great location, very close to two different train lines which makes it very convenient to check out the diverse areas of the city.  Rahul works all week during the day time so we got a lot of privacy and he was very generous with us using the kitchen anytime we wanted which is super nice. He always shares his booze.   It was a great treat to see that he had an XBox360 in the house so it was super fun getting to game on our down time. Rahul himself gamed with us which was awesome!   He is always great with communication and super fast at responding in times of need. We locked ourselves out of the apartment once and even though he was super far away, he made it a point to figure out a few game plans to fix the issue immediately. So incredibly nice.  He also invited us to a bar he works at occasionally during the weekends and made me a yummy drink. Always friendly, always open for a chat, and full of great suggestions for places to visit, eat and drink at. Really knows the city.  I love the location of the apartment because there really are a few hidden gems in the area you can walk to without getting drowned out by the multitude of tourist spots in Manhattan. The bed is super comfy and the room is very clean and cosy.   I would absolutely come back again to stay with Rahul. He is a superb host with a cool personality.   Thanks man!	1
431	"My family and I had a fantastic experience staying at Sam and Chriss home in Brooklyn. We cant say enough about how clean and comfortable the space was. The house was totally kid friendly which made traveling with a toddler and a 2nd grader so much easier. Chris was super accessible and quick to respond to questions and offer suggestions. We took them up on most of their suggestions and we were not disappointed. They are a quick walk to some killer play grounds, comic book stores, and fun stuff to do with the kids. We enjoyed hanging in the private back patio and cooking in their fully equipped kitchen. There is no doubt that we will try to stay here again next time we are in town.  We had a great time staying  in this lovely house. As a family of four, with two young children, a child-friendly atmosphere was definitely a plus. No fragile objects, plus a great collection of childrens books. The house is spacious and very nicely furnished. It was clean and had everything we needed. We were able to cook easily in the large and very nice kitchen, and it was great to have a washer and dryer!   It was easy to get to the  nearest subway and also to walk towards Brooklyns 5th avenue and Park Slope. All in all, a very positive experience, recommended. We hope to stay again.     Chris & Samanthas apartment was the perfect setting for our first trip with our 9 month old.  They had a lovely nursery, play area, and even a stroller for us to use, which made our travel that much easier.  Their place is beautiful and clean.  It is a very nice size for New York standards - we had 4 adults and one child staying there and did not feel cramped our in need of more space.  The neighborhood felt very safe and family friendly.  There were plenty of great places to eat nearby and the subway station was only a couple blocks. Our hosts were easily accessible and left us with great suggestions for places to visit and enjoy.  If youre traveling to Brooklyn - especially with young children in tow - this is the perfect place to stay! Chris was a great host, met us at the house and was always at hand to answer my numerous questions. The house was spacious, totally family friendly with all the things we needed for our 9 month old, so it was truly like a home away from home.  The house is close to the subway and not too far from a gorgeous park and really easy/quick to get into manhattan.Nice neighborhood too. We had a very pleasant and enjoyable stay at their house. Thanks for letting us stay, and for all your hospitality. Our stay in Samantha and Chriss house was just perfect. It was like everything had been tailored for our stay : the house is beautiful, vast, and just perfect for a family with kids (every equipment we needed was there, whether in the huge kitchen or in the kids bedroom). The master bedroom was amazingly comfortable. The living room had Netflix, but also great vinyls for us to play...  We didnt know Gowanus, but the neighborhood is so great : 15 min walk from Prospect park, good bars and restaurants all around, and 10 min walk from the greatest Whole Foods Market ever ;) And I could get in Manhattan in less than 30 min.  And the best : Samantha and Chris have been super friendly, helpful, reactive.  Chris and Samantha were great hosts, having their place in great condition when we arrived and checking on us during our stay. Their place is set up for families with small children, which we no longer have, but it was plenty roomy for two adults and two teenagers. Highlights were the kitchen, which was fully equipped with every modern cooking device imaginable, and the patio, where we spent a couple of our evenings. We didnt use the public playground, but it was literally 50 feet from the front door. Parking on their block was generally not a problem.    The residence is convenient to the Park Slope neighborhood, shopping (Whole Foods and Lowes are an easy walk), and public transportation (two blocks to the subway, which is a quick ride into Manhattan).     The only downside, and this is beyond the control of the hosts, is that the Gowanus neighborhood is a mix of residential and industrial. As a result, there is a fair amount of truck traffic on the street from early morning into the evening. That didnt bother us, but it may be a concern for light sleepers.    Compared to other places we have stayed in New York, Chris and Samanthas was a real gem! Christopher and Samantha are very friendly hosts. Their apartment is very clean and well located and we had a great time! I recommend everyone to book a holiday at your home. Samantha and Chris were in touch before our arrival and were great about meeting us for check in.  Samantha showed us around and the house was just as they described. It was perfect for us- a family of 4.  Everything was very clean and extremely well stocked.    The only hiccup was that their aerobed deflated overnight when my son was sleeping on it but it was easy for us to borrow one from my brother.  I didnt even mention it to the owners until the end of our stay as we had an easy solution.  They were very apologetic and responsive when I mentioned it for future guests and I have no doubt that they will take care of it.    They were kind enough to leave us a bottle of wine which we were too busy to enjoy, but they are very thoughtful hosts.  They have great recommendations and the location in Gowanus was perfect for our needs as it is so close to the R and the F trains.  I highly recommend this stay if you are looking for a great and comfortable house in Brooklyn!  We hope to stay there again on future trips there!!  Thanks, Chris and Samantha and Mason! We stayed in the house with our twin babies and my mother and father-in-law, and it was perfect. Such a comfortable space for all of us, particularly since it was equipped with baby gear. It was clean, nicely  maintained and decorated well. The location was perfect for our needs since we had events in Red Hook and Park Slope. We definitely would stay here again and recommend to friends.  We had a great stay at Chris and Samanthas place. We were travelling overseas with our one year old for the first time, and their place was the perfect way to make it feel a breeze.  Cot, child proof kitchen, a playpen full of toys; they had it all and it was all hugely appreciated.  We didnt get to meet Chris and Samantha (they tried but we were out when they were in) but they were always super quick to respond to our questions from the booking phase to the wheres-the-hairdryer phase and always had all the answers.  The house itself is great too. Spacious and well equipped with fantastic attention to the little details that make all the difference, like nightlights in the bathroom and some tips on places nearby to try out. Pretty convenient for Manhattan too; the F train is four minutes away and goes everywhere you need to go to see the main events.   We really enjoyed our stay and if you have a young child dont think twice about booking in! In fact dont think twice if you dont have a young child... Un emplacement idéal pour découvrir New York City. Métro à 5 minutes à pied et un vrai quartier qui vous fait sentir New-yorkais.  Christopher et Samantha sont des hôtes charmants et attentionnés, on sest sentis comme chez nous.   Chris and Samantha were perfect hosts. They were very proactive with their communication, making everything go as smoothly as possible. Their home was very clean, had plenty of space and was conveniently located. What a wonderful place to stay! Our family of four (including a baby and a three year old) was very comfortable. The house is about four doors down from a playground, which was also a big hit. Chris and Samantha provided everything we needed, and left some great recommendations for local places to go. We would definitely stay here again. Perfect place for a family to stay in new York - as our girls said this just like home - very convenient location the F and G line get us anywhere.  The area is quite and a really nice whole foods located 7 min walking  Great first air bnb experience  Thank you  Chris and Samantha did a great job of connecting with us and making sure everything was in order before, during and at the end of our stay. Thier home was perfect--clean, comfortable and in a safe, walkable neighborhood (Gowanus). We had tons of room for our party of 4, and for our first Airbnb experience, it could not have gone better!    Would definitely recommend staying here if youre visiting Brooklyn! Thanks again Chris, Samantha and Mason!  Nous avons passé un excellent séjour Chez Christopher et Samantha.  La maison est grande et très bien équipée... on se croirait chez soi.  Le quartier est très bien fréquenté. Nous rentrions le soir avec 2 enfants sans problème.   La maison est bien placée (30 minutes de métro du centre de Manhattan.  Seul petit point négatif, des camions circulent très tôt le matin en semaine du fait de lentrepôt qui est situé en face mais avec des boules quies, aucun problème !  Merci à Christopher et Samantha qui ont répondu très vite aux mails que nous avons envoyé. Our stay in Chris and Samanthas place was amazing! It is very clean, quiet, fully stocked, in a great family friendly neighborhood, and very close to every bus or train you would need to use. We look forward to staying there again soon, and highly recommend it! We had a wonderful stay at Chateau Gowanus. It is an extremely clean, organised and warm place. A lovely haven to relax in after a day out in NYC! Christopher was extremely responsive and helpful, a very charming host. It has great transit access and is close to good playgrounds. Great for families with kids! This was the perfect place for us.  Close to everything we wanted to do.  Easy walk to the trains that took us everywhere.  Neighborhood was safe and quiet.  We usually made it home late and were completely comfortable with the walk.  The house is lovely and perfect for anyone visiting the area.  Everything we expected and more was available.  Chris and Sam were great hosts.  They kept in contact with us throughout our stay and made sure we had everything.  They were very good about communicating and helping any way they could.  I would recommend that if this place is available, you grab it!  We certainly will when we come back. We had a lovely time at Chris and Samanthas place in Brooklyn. The house has all the amenities for a family and then some!!! We especially appreciated the kitchen. There is a Whole Foods and F/R subway station just down the road. We would definitely stay here again on a trip to NYC.  This place was so awesome. We needed a home base in Brooklyn with our 2-year-old, and Chateau Gowanus fit the bill. Comfy beds, kid-proofed rooms, terrific kitchen, and proximity to playground, trains, and Whole Foods. There is some street noise at night from trucks loading, but we just used white noise to cover it up and slept fine. Thanks to our hosts for providing a home that really felt like HOME! We had a great stay at Chateau Gowanus. The house is fully equipped and is very comfortable. Its just a short walk to the subway and you can easily get to Manhattan or any other location. We havent met our hosts, but Christopher stayed in contact with us and was very helpful. We would definitely recommend a stay in the house. The house felt really homey, has a great kitchen, confortable bed and  is very convenient to the subway and grocery store. Christopher was an excellent host, always responsive and very kind. We highly recommend Chateau Gowanus!   Chris and Sam were great hosts and, a nice couple!  They were helpful upon our first contact and all the way through our stay.  They were quick to respond to any questions and communication was always easy.      The check in/access was very simple and all went well.  Our hosts were accommodating with our delayed flight issues and ‘left the lights on for us’ since we arrived after dark!  And, they allowed us to leave our luggage on site while we had lunch in Brooklyn one last time before our departing flight.      Chateau Gowanus was very clean and the beds and pillows were comfortable.  There is some light traffic noise in the morning, but we always slept well and we were up and going early, so it wasn’t an issue for us.  The kitchen is spacious and had all that we needed.  (I love that they have a Juicer!)    The 5 minute walk to the subway was convenient and while the adjacent streets have commercial businesses we always felt safe walking home in the evening.  The neighbors take care of their property and we often saw people  strolling the sidewalks when we left in the morning.     Chris and Sam’s home is warm and inviting, with plenty of room for my husband, teenage daughter and me to relax after a long day of touring around NY.  We have fond memories of our NY vacation and stay in Brooklyn and look forward to returning. We weren’t sure what to expect on our first AirBnB experience and after our stay at Chateau Gowanus, we’ll definitely do this again!     Thanks, and Best Regards to Chis, Sam And Mason!  Michelle, Ed and Beth We had a great stay in Christopher and Samanthas home. We actually live nearby and work in the neighborhood, but had to temporarily move out of our own apartment on short notice after an unexpected flood. We are extremely grateful for Christopher and Samantha putting us up and being flexible with our departure date as we waited for our repairs to be done. They were very helpful and friendly hosts, and their home is as lovely as the photos suggest. It would also be a great place if youre visiting from out of town -- very close to the subway, and Gowanus is a great neighborhood with increasing number of restaurants and bars, and a Whole Foods a few blocks away. Thanks again! We had a great stay in Gowanus. Quite easy to get into Manhattan and explore. There are also some great restaurants nearby and a Wholefoods within close walking distance. Having the house prepped for a toddler was exactly what we were looking for and the use of the highchair, cot/crib was appreciated.    We didnt actually meet Chris or Samantha , but it was easy to contact them via email and sms to ask a few questions. All our queries and questions were swiftly answered and we had a great stay. awesome host and very accommodating! Chateau Gowanus was a great place to stay. My mother, sister & I stayed here for 2 nights and enjoyed it. The place is super clean & comfortable. Quiet block, close to great restaurants, bars, shopping & the subway. Although we did not get to meet Chris, Samantha or Mason, they were helpful throughout and easy to get a hold of. I would definitely stay here again. My sister I spent 10 wonderful days at Chateau Gowanus.  The house feels warm and welcoming, the beds were both comfortable, with all-cotton bedding, and it was clean.  We ate two or three meals a day in the cheerful kitchen, which was well-equipped and accommodated three people at the counter.  Shopping on foot for food and incidentals was easy, and  we especially enjoyed the neighborhood.  Our visit coincided with the annual Gowanus studio tours, so found ourselves in some of the warehouse spaces that have welcomed artists over the years--spaces that are rapidly getting converted into into condos.  For the moment, Gowanus is a rich urban experience where million dollar row houses share the block with more modest homes and businesses; there are  contrasts and stories everywhere, if you are interested in looking for them.  And finally, our hosts were welcoming and friendly, but inobtrusive.  Cathy and I would love to return someday.  Thank you, Christopher and Samantha.  And Mason, my compliments on your art work. really cosy place, with everything you need to feel like home.  Chris and Sam were very helpful and shared with us great adresses in the neighborood.  Subway station is close.   I definitely recommend Chateau Gowanus for a stay in NYC. A family of 5 (2 adults and 3 young children) spent the Christmas Holiday here and it was perfect. Great location for walking to local eateries and subway station. Located right near a small park the kids loved.  Great experience and comfortable stay. Phenomenal hosts.  Samantha and Christopher were very kind and warm hosts. Whenever we needed help, they were on the spot.   Château Gowanus is a comfortable and ideal location for a great stay in New York. All you need is nearby: Supermarkets, restaurants, cafés, bars. The subway station is just a little walk away. We had a great time here and can highly recommend Château Gowanus. Christopher and Samantha were excellent hosts! Both were readily available to answer any questions and provided excellent information. They checked in with us to make sure we had all we needed. Christopher and I met as I was waiting for my Uber ride to JFK. He helped me correct my mistake and get my car there quickly and helped with the bags.     The apartment was lovely, with ample room, an excellent kitchen and Apple TV , which allowed a wide range of options for us. It was very close to my son and his family, so the location was perfect in that regard. In addition, it is very conveniently located between 2 Metro stops. at first glance, the neighborhood seems very  industrial, but it is also a real neighborhood, with families, stores, restaurants, etc. Very comfortable and safe feeling.    We enjoyed the stay and couldnt ask for more considerate hosts. Christopher and Samatha were available when needed and the appartment is fanstatic with kids.  Its big, fully equipped, close to a park and the street is super calm.   Thanks for making your place a little heaven during our stay in NYC!  Stéphanie Chris and Samantha were such a pleasure to correspond with! Every question I had was immediately responded to. Theyre home is truly lovely and super spacious in a city, where that is nearly impossible to find! I cant say enough good things about them, highly, highly recommend!  Such a wonderful place to stay in Brooklyn! The apartment is right next to two subways, which is so convenient and such a treat for a quite Brooklyn neighborhood. Oh the space! Its really quick incredible to have so much space when staying in nyc. The apartment was perfect for our family and Samantha couldnt have been sweeter.  Absolutely  excellent stay! Would definitely stay again when in Brooklyn! Everything was described and depicted as it would be. Thank you! Chateau Gowanus was lovely! It was clean, colorful, and comfortable. We especially love the art that is hung. Christopher and Samantha wer e communicative and gracious hosts.  We had a wonderful stay at Chateau Gowanus! The place is huge for NYC, and very comfortable and homey. My toddler was delighted with the kids room -- tons of books and toys. The kitchen is lovely and the place has a great layout with a small deck and backyard off the kitchen, and bedrooms upstairs. Samantha was incredibly responsive and helpful with all questions. It should be noted that there are mosquitos in the backyard -- but Samantha warned us and there are bug-repellent torches outside and bug spray available. There was a little truck noise at night as theres a warehouse across the street, but it didnt bother us.    The location is just blocks from the subway, close to a great cafe (Cafe Regular), and between two fun & different neighborhoods. We just spent a very nice week in the chateau gowanus. Christopher and Samantha were very communicative and helpful prior to our arrival, which was great considering we arrived quite late. Our 3-year-old daughter loved the toddler bed and the owl lamp in Masons room, and our hosts graciously let us borrow a stroller when in a pinch. The street side is a little noisy in the morning but the kid room stays nice and quiet. Thanks for a great stay! I stayed at Chateau Gowanus with my husband and 11-month-old son. Chris was a great host, and we loved our stay at Chateau Gowanus. Chris was easy to communicate with before our arrival and during our stay. He provided us with a pac n play with a mattress for our son to sleep in, as well as a high chair, which were key to making our trip a success. His home was amazing - the huge kitchen and lovely outdoor space were great! The neighborhood was also super cool -- very close to subway, cafes, restaurants and Prospect Park. We had a great stay and would love to return next time were in Brooklyn. Chris was super easy to communicate with both before & during our stay. The rooms are modestly-sized, nicely-appointed, and the kitchen is GREAT--everything you need to make full meals, and the kitchen island became the main gathering point. Super clean, modern bathroom upstairs and a convenient half-bath downstairs. Gowanus probably isnt for everybody, but we love everything about it--no big box businesses, tons of local treasures, loads of character, convenient to major trains, transport, great restaurants, and low-key neighborhood evening hangs/bars/venues. Christopher and Samantha were ideal hosts for us. They made us feel very welcome and were very responsive when we needed anything. The house is a great find. So unusual to get so much space in New York. We love Brooklyn and their neighbourhood has some of our favourite shops, bars and restaurants as well as being close to more established neighbourhoods like Carroll Gardens and Park Slope. Great subway connections on the doorstep made it easy for us to get around the city.   We were traveling with our toddler and the house was well equipped for her; toddler bed, highchair etc. She was delighted to find toys at the house to play with and the small playground just two doors away meant she could start and end her day in her favourite way. This is a great house for families to stay in (something which is pretty hard to find). Thank you Christopher, Samantha and Mason for helping us to make great New York memories.  Their house is so charming and exactly what we needed for our trip to Brooklyn. The hosts checked in with us daily to see if we needed anything and made sure we were comfortable. I could not have been any happier with our accommodations. Thank you, Christopher, Samantha and Mason for  welcoming us into your home and for such a lovely stay!  My husband and I had a wonderful stay at Chateau Gowanus over the weekend. The house was beautiful and reminded us a lot of home! It was well stocked, nicely decorated and had all of the amenities we needed. The neighborhood was friendly and quiet and conveniently located to everywhere we wanted to go. We really enjoyed many of the local spots nearby too! We had a kid-free weekend this time but it was a very kid friendly place and would definitely come back with them in the future. Chris and Samantha were a pleasure to communicate with and were very responsive.  Wed recommend Chateau Gowanus to anyone in heartbeat and hope to come back ourselves soon!  Christopher was in frequent communication and went out of his way to make sure that the house was meeting our expectations and that we were able to find our way around and enjoy the neighborhood.  They even left their pack and play for us to use so that we didnt have to travel with ours for our 10 month old daughter.  It was a great experience from beginning to end. We had a perfect stay at Chris and Samanthas. Easy communication, beautiful apartment, interesting neighborhood, right size for the four of us (including a baby). Would definitely be up for staying here next time were in town.  We had an excellent stay at Chris apartment. The place was perfect for our family, with a portacot and toddler bed provided for our two children, as well as a high chair, stroller and tons of toys and books. Chris was extremely responsive and made us feel at home. The place was extremely large by NYC standards and well maintained. We would definitely stay here again when we come back to town.  Definitely one of the best Airbnb experience! We (a family of 5) really enjoyed our stay at Chateau Gowanus. The house was tidy and clean and it has plenty of room for us to relax. Its also located in a nice and quiet area but convenient enough to travel to the city centre (perfect for people who want to avoid the chaos in Manhattan!) Thanks again Chris for letting us stay in your home :) Nous aurions aimé être accueillis pour que la maison nous soit présentée avec toutes les petites choses à savoir. Mais les hôtes sont restés très disponibles pour nous répondre via sms. La maison est agréable et bien placée: quartier, métro à proximité. Nous recommandons. Chris and Samantha were amazing hosts and the place was beautiful. Everything was as it was described. As hosts, they were quick to respond and very willing to help us out.    I would definitely stay with them again. This was a wonderful place for our little family to stay, and having all of the amenities for a toddler made our trip flawless.  Christopher and Samantha were super responsive and their house is spotless.  This was a great place.  We live in Brooklyn and have seen many apartments here, and for the area this place is huge!!  Its not just an apartment but the whole house. And it was really clean, with nice modern bathrooms and kitchen.  The backyard was lovely, as was the enclosed back porch.  There was a separate dining room which was really great for us and our visiting family to have meals together.  Also, all the kids toys were really lovely!  Our son is 2, and enjoyed all of them.  Some so much that now I may have to buy him his own.  A lovely place with great amenities that wed love to book again! And communication was great.  They were really good about checking in with us to make sure we had what we needed, and we always did.  Also, the location is great.  Just a few blocks from our favorite Italian restaurant: Bar Tano.  And a playground was just two houses down. Wonderful stay! Lots to love about this place. We would absolutely stay at Chris and Samanthas again. Super easy! One of my friends who stayed said it was one of the best Airbnbs hes ever stayed in. Highly recommended!  Wonderful house, great area of Brooklyn, super close to subway, fantastic pizza and bars nearby.   We had everything we needed - and Chris & Samantha made us feel like we were super welcome in their beautiful home! Todo perfecto y real tal como las fotos. Chris esta muy pendiente si necesitas algo pero a la vez sin llegar a ver-lo. Cuando vuelva a NY seguro sera mi primera opcion, alejado del ruido y stress de manhattan solo a 20min en metro. Un barrio tranquilo y familiar con tiendas y estacion metro muy cerca. My friends and I came up for spring break and had a fantastic time. The house is really lovely with a huge kitchen and plenty of room for everyone. Its about a 5-10 minute walk away from two metro stations, and 20-30 minutes ride to Manhattan (super easy, no transfers necessary). Theres a Whole Foods a few blocks away and plenty of little restaurants (and watering holes) in the area. Best of all, Christopher and Samantha were very thoughtful hosts. We really enjoyed our stay and would be back in a heartbeat!  What a nice place and a friendly host!  It was a very comfortable place! This was our first experience with an Airbnb so we werent really sure what to expect, it all worked out very well! The house was really nice and clean, we felt right at home and loved having all the amenities of home! The kitchen was great and well equipped!!  The location was good for what we were doing..we were able to walk many places. The area was a mix of residential and industrial so there was some noise that we werent expecting.  Wonderful spot with access to everything. Close to subways and good coffee and food. Cant go wrong. Our stay at Chateau Gowanus was perfect. The home is very spacious with room for our entire family of 5. It was very clean and had everything we needed. I want to add that the bathroom picture on here is outdated; they have remodeled that bathroom beautifully.  The neighborhood is such a nice mix of residential and commercial buildings. Walking around we would pass anything from tree-lined streets of brownstones to busy retail shops. Everywhere we went felt very safe. We could have stayed within a handful of blocks and had everything we needed. However, there are 3 subway lines within a couple blocks that make it very easy to get anywhere in the city.   Check in and check out were quick and easy. Chris and Samantha were very welcoming, offering suggestions for places to go in the neighborhood and checking in periodically to make sure we had everything we needed. Lastly, thank you Mason for sharing his books and toys. Our kids really enjoyed having those available.   We couldnt have asked for a better place to stay and will return every time we visit New York. Excellent séjour, nous avons découvert Brooklyn avec grand plaisir. Profiter dune terrasse au calme après avoir arpenté Manhattan est super This place is one of my most pleasant stay with airbnb. Great location outside of noisy Manhattan, only few minutes walk to subway station (with F-train you can go to most of tourist traps without a transit) and close to all basic needs. Spacious clean and quiet. Christopher is the perfect host. He is generous with cool spots tips and always reply on all of our requests/questions immediately.  Insanely beautiful house! Huge by NYC standards, quiet, and comfortable and well-appointed. Parking was super easy. Communication was perfect. Wed stay here again in a heartbeat! We really enjoyed our stay, and would definitely stay again.   The street is a mix of residential and industrial, which I really liked. It can be noisy during the night and early morning due to trucks passing through, but only bothersome if sleeping with the windows open, otherwise it is peaceful. I would also like to say we felt very safe in this neighborhood. There were no concerns or issues walking the neighborhood, even late at night.   The house. I cannot say enough about the house. The space, decor, and amenities made me wish I could live there. Beds are comfortable, as are the furnishings in the common areas. The kitchen was well stocked for cooking meals. We enjoyed breakfast out on the courtyard, just watching and listening to the birds.  The only negative, was the unseasonal hot weather, which made for an uncomfortable stay until Samantha had an A/C installed in the master bedroom. Apparently it is common in New York to remove A/C units during winter months and then reinstall for the summer.  Even though we did have this one issue, I would still come back, especially since Samantha and Christopher were so responsive and quick to correct the problem.    We are a family of four.  My two young adult sons enjoyed the cool vibe of the home, and the hip bars that were close by. They also enjoyed the freedom of being so close to the subway. I think this is a great place for families with little ones as well as young adults.  The Chateau Gowanus was a great temp home for me, my wife, our 3.5 year old and our 4 month old while our apartment was renovated. We live close by and would recommend this house to anyone looking to stay in a residential Brooklyn neighborhood with easy access to Manhattan and a bunch of neighborhoods in Brooklyn (Carroll Gardens, Park Slope, and Gowanus are all walkable and Downtown Brooklyn and Red Hook are short cab rides away). The house is clean and exactly as described in the listing. Chris was super easy to deal with and this listing is legit. The bars, wine shop, pizza place and restaurants along 3rd ave. are super friendly and out of towers will feel welcome. Christopher and Samantha were the ideal Airbnb hosts. Incredibly communicative, flexible and kind. Their home was a total gem in a neighborhood that Ive been wanting to get to know more. If youre a cook, you will love cooking in their kitchen! Theres so much space! I honestly cant speak more highly about our stay at Chateau Gowanus! We chose to rent this property 4.5 months prior to our arrival date in June for 12 nights. One of the major motivators was being in a well-located area of Brooklyn. It was not clear to us that the listing was on effectively a two-level house (with steep stairs), which was not a good fit for our young children (toddler and baby). Had we caught this, we would not have opted for it from the get go. The arrival was very disappointing. We were texted from the host the day before some basic information about the property (access code and how to operate some appliances) but there was no folder containing further explanation. We arrived at 3:30pm and when we entered, the house was very dark and extremely hot (no a/c). Even with all the blinds fully open, it was dark and hot like a cave. In the middle of the day, lights had to be turned on to see. Then, we had the unexpected discovery of the steep steps that were very dangerous for our toddler. Other things that did not help the first impression were dirty dishes left in the dishwasher and dishes washed in the morning in the drying rack not put away. Perishable food items had been left in the refrigerator (vegetables, yogurt, etc.). The porch, shown in the photos as usable was dusty and had constructions materials left on it and would have required a major cleaning effort to leave it a usable condition. The house was orderly but did not feel as if a cleaner had been there (more a once over). We were not happy with the rental as the photos and description clearly show the house differently so we contacted Airbnb to find out about our options since we had a relatively long stay there. Unfortunately, they did not assist and given the last minute nature, there were few alternatives available of an acceptable nature so we were put in a position to basically make the most of it. Here is the summary of the pros/cons of ""Chateau Gowanus"": PROS: --Location: Very convenient. Only two blocks to the subway (F & R) and Whole Foods Gowanus about 8 blocks away. Also walking distance of Park Slope area along with Cobble Hill & Boreum Hill with lots of great boutiques and restaurants. Also had one of the best pizzerias weve tasted in NYC (Table 87) which we ordered a couple times while staying there. --Childrens Toys: This was a big plus and very appreciated for our kids (age 3 and 8 months). They really enjoyed the story books and toys. --Apple TV: lots of great apps/channels for movies, kids shows, news, etc. and set up with surround sound. --Spacious, Well-equipped kitchen CONS: --Photos of rental not accurate: no daylight whatsoever. The photos shown of the property quite simply do not reflect the light in the actual home and state of maintenance. The light is akin to being in a cave. In broad day... The apt was exactly as the photos showed, zero surprises. We walked in to a clean, spacious (for Brooklyn!) apartment and had everything we needed. They were super responsive  and helpful with any questions we had. Easy check in and out and a great value RdC dans Brooklyn avec une cour agréable après des longues journées de marche ! La maison est très propre et tout à fait conforme à la description et aux photos. Le metro se trouve à 5 min à pied Lovely house for our family with two kids.  Communication with the hosts was excellent and they responded promptly anytime we had questions.  House is in a bit of an industrial area and we couldnt find a lot of restaurants open in the evening, but there was a nearby pizza place with very friendly staff just a few blocks away.  There were also several good bagel options for breakfast.  Public transportation was very convenient. Excellent house with several subway stations and shops nearby. Walking distance to Prospect park. We stayed with our 2 children and had a fantastic time. High recommendation for this classic Brooklyn home!  Clean, comfortable and quiet.  Easy walk to eateries and train / subway station. 非常棒的房子,位置很好,房主装修的风格是我喜欢的,最棒的是他们有提供儿童床,特别适合带小朋友的家庭 Me and 3 of my friends loved this place! Best airbnb experience ever. There was everything that we needed, including a washing machine and Apple TV, the apartment was very clean as well. It was always a pleasure to come back to the house and chill in the backyard. This Brooklyn location is awesome two: you can get anywhere without switching subway lanes and two different stations are really close by. There was no problem with parking in the street too: although there were always plenty of cars, we always managed to find a spot quickly. Thanks to Chris for being very responsive and an awesome host! The place was great.  Very clean.  Good accomodations for a family of 4-5 people.  Location was decent, near a subway stop.  The only con might be the street and outside was not super fancy.  It was ok.  But nice inside, easy checkin, great communication.  Thanks for the accomodations. Everything was perfect! Recommended for a quick weekend trip! Great place in a very convenient location"	1
432	Hi Everyone, I had a Great time staying with Richard at 67 Richmond St. Firstly- Richard is an Amazing host! Kind, generous and willing to help you get as comfortable as you can. Secondly- The room is cute, comfy, tv/radio/wifi provided. Thirdly- there are many restaurants, delis, groceries, $1 shop, McDs, Dominos near the location, which is great. Lastly- The location is just just a few streets away from Norwood Avenue train station and 30 mins from Manhattan. For the great price, location and Amazing host, itll be hard to beat living with Rich @ 67 Rich Street :-) Cheers, Val x This was my first Airbnb experience and if this was indicative of what using this service is like general I will definitely use  airbnb again. My host was very welcoming and offered a variety of things to make me feel comfortable. I walked around the neighborhood at all times of day and night and felt very safe.   Aside from the neighborhood, the living space was as advertised. There were some nice movies available in my room. AlsoMy host introduced to some pretty cool music. Overall, I had a great experience. Accurate description, neighborhood is nice with lots of stores around. Probably not good for a longer term stay but suited what I need.  Richard was very helpful!  This was my first experience with AirBnB. Richards place is utilitarian and suitable for travelers and backpackers. I had the the basement floor with two bedrooms and a bathroom. Except for a few occasions when the other room was occupied, I had the floor to myself. Richard was helpful and always accessible. The place is in a quiet neighborhood and close to the beautiful Highland Park where I loved to run in the mornings. The subway station (Norwood Avenue) is just two blocks over, and one can reach west Brooklyn and Manhattan in 30-40 minutes.   Richard made me feel very welcome, would stay there again. Hey future travelers, you get your monies worth here what you paid for is what you get. Overall I never knew people could me so nice Richard is a cool guy fed me, sheltered me and also he was constantly checking if I was ok. I felt safe. Place is clean and cozy as described ,Subway is a walking distance, allot of shops and take outs around. Youll enjoy it when you get there.	0
433	The apartment is amazing! I first booked for a week, then added 2 more days and Alejandra made sure I did not pay the cleaning fee twice. The apartment is immaculate, looks exactly like the photos. Decorated beautifully and the double height living room makes the place feel airy and light! Alejandra made the key exchanges easy.   You simply cannot beat the location, I made fast friends with the neighborhood store owners. I highly recommend staying at this wonderful apartment! Alejandra was a wonderful host. Her beautiful apartment looked exactly as it does in the photos, and was spotlessly clean. The building itself is lovely, with very friendly doormen, and practically no outside noise within the apartment. The location couldnt have been better - we absolutely loved staying there, and will be staying again in the future! I spent a couple of days at Alejandras apartment with my two sons, and we had an amazing stay. The place is just as clean, modern, and beautiful as the pictures show. Very homey, and well-located. Alejandra is a great host.  Alejandras apartment was a wonderful place to stay in Greenwich Village.  It is within easy walking distance of historic Greenwich Village, which is full of hidden alleys, charming row houses and leafy courtyards.  The apartment is light, airy and very tastefully decorated.  Although it is very quiet, it is within easy walking distance of an area that comes alive at night with restaurants, cafes, wine bars and night clubs.  I would definitely stay there again! Great place in a fantastic neighborhood. Everything was as per the description and photos.  We had a great stay. The location is great to wander the streets and check out cozy neighborhoods  I had absolutely a good stay at Alejandras place. Her place is exactly as clean and cozy as she describes. The awesome location makes it easy to get to pretty much everywhere in Manhatten. Even though she wasnt able to greet me personally (since she was on a business trip), her friend Sahir made Check in/out very smooth and easy. I would recommend her place to anyone who travels to NYC.  The apartment was wonderful. Great building and location. The neighborhood was perfect. Close to the subway and easy to get around. Great and timely communication with the host. We were very happy with everything and would definitely stay here again.   Thank you Alejandra. We had a great stay. The apartment is spacious, very well decorated, and is in an excellent location. The two bathrooms are key . Process of checking in and checking out was super easy. Will definitely look to stay here next time! Alejandras home is the perfect place to stay while visiting New York City! The building is in a prime, convenient location - close to the Hudson river and just a short walk from several major subway lines. There is a wonderful grocery store on the block that has everything you could possibly need. Coffee shops, wine stores, restaurants, etc, etc, are all just a few steps/minutes away.   The apartment itself is very comfortable and spacious. Alejandras listing and photos accurately represent the space. I was in town for work so it was helpful for me to have amenities -- including the fully equipped, updated kitchen. The apartment is a great layout with tons of space and two full bathrooms -- all things that can be hard to come by in NYC. Id absolutely recommend Alejandras apartment to anyone who is traveling for business or pleasure. I look forward to staying again in the future.  Alejandras place is great! Perfect location, looks just like the Airbnb posting. Shes got great taste and that adds to the overall experience. I was in town for business, mostly meeting downtown and her spot was exactly central so that most places were within walking distance. I didnt get a chance to meet Alejandra herself but her friend helped with check in and made it all a breeze. Would stay here again in a heartbeat. Pros:  Location fantastic, size of apartment and facilities (including two full baths) as described in listing, key handover fine.   Cons: We had unacceptable issues with cleanliness that were not adequately dealt with by Alejandra. The bed linen had already been slept in when we arrived.  We had to search around to find clean linen and change the bed sheets. When we raised this with Alejandra (that same night) she did not apologise and intimated that we must be mistaken - we were not.  The floor in the downstairs room was unclean and felt sticky underfoot.  We rented a larger apartment so that we could do yoga but were put off from doing so because of the unclean floor.  We raised this with Alejandra towards the end of our stay and suggested that, as a goodwill gesture, she might want to waive the cleaning fee.  She flatly refused, saying that we should have raised it earlier and citing her Superhost status.  Maybe we should have raised it earlier, but we were on vacation and I expect we were put off from doing so due to the way Alejandra dealt with our query about the bed linen.  After one further attempt we decided that it wasnt worth spending more time on our vacation corresponding with Alejandra - the fee we had asked to have refunded was a tiny percentage of the overall cost of our 5 night stay (£83.21 cleaning fee out of a total £1,416) and it was much more about the principle of the thing than the cost.  But we were left with a bad impression of Alejandra as a host, Superhost status or not, which she could very easily have avoided. The apartment was well situated. Close to subway station and lots of eating places. It had everything we needed and more. It was very clean and comfortable.  It was a nice peaceful place after the bizz of the centre of New York. We didnt meet Alejandra but her friend Sahir was lovely and very friendly.  Would recommend. Absolutely great apartment for a perfect NY visit- highly recommend. We look forward to returning.... Excellent location, fun and funky decor and plenty of space to retreat from the hubbub of NYC. In the heart of the west village, the apartment offered great access to plenty of great places to eat and the subway just a few blocks away. We will definitely be back! Alejandras apartment was in the heart of West Village! Absolutely perfect location. Her friend checked us in and he was wonderful and extremely helpful. The apartment is exactly as it looks in pictures and it was truly an amazing stay! We couldn’t get to meet Alejandra but her friend took a great care of us when we checked in even though our flights were late 5 hours due to the severe snow at JFK. We really thank her for arranging this from the beginning.   The location is my favorite area easy to walk to my jazz club and gives you walkable experience to Soho and other hip places. So if you are the person who loves to walk in the new city you will love the place. And prime access to the grocery stores, this is something usually rare to happen.  The room is clean and you will be cocooned by her great tastes of interiors and botanicals.   Enjoy!!!	1
434	The reservation was canceled 3 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The reservation was canceled the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Tiffany was a great host. She made us feel very comfortable and went out of our way to make our stay as trouble free as possible. Tiffany is in the Jazz industry and even went to the trouble of getting us on the list for a few shows which we enjoyed immensely! She allowed us to cook and use her kitchen as if it was our own. My girlfriend and I would thoroughly recommend Tiffany and her apartment as a great place to stay. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Tiffanys place. She ensured that all our questions are answered. Even though we didnt got chance to speak much, while we were there as our schedules didnt matched but she tried her best to make sure our stay a wonderful one. The Apartment is exactly the same as in pictures and it is just couple of blocks(200-300 ft) away from subway 1 line. There are lot of general stores too nearby the apartment. Overall, it was perfect for our requirements. Tiffany was wonderful and very helpful, especially since was my first time in NYC.  She wanted to make sure I was comfortable and was open to direct communication with her at any time.  She gave me great recommendations on things to do in the local area and even set me up to enjoy a great evening listening to live Jazz downtown.      West Harlem has a wealth of food, drink, music and culture to offer.  This area is primarily a dominican neighborhood, so both Spanish and English are spoken fluently. The listing description is quite accurate. This was our first time in Harlem (and New York) and we wanted to stay close to the City College of New York. Also, this was our first time using Airbnb. The place reminds me of a European flat, its older but is comfortable with wood floors and is close to the Subway.  It is bit far from downtown and central park which we didnt realize being unfamiliar with the area.  Tiffany is very nice and was there to greet us when we arrived. She was flexible with our check in which we appreciated and very helpful with directions. The neighborhood has its own vibe and the locals hang out on the street at night.  There are a couple good restaurants close by, a grocery store and a lot of other shops.   Spent a month at Tiffanys place and had a great time. Tiffany is exceptionally friendly and accommodating. She made herself available at all hours and on a couple occasions specifically to grab items we needed, even going so far as to invite us to a couple shows of her clients.    The apartment is nice and relatively sizable, the air conditioners definitely saved us even only catching the tail end of the New York summer heat. The location is great, its right off the 1 train and the surrounding neighborhood has a lot of really nice spots to eat and grab coffee and/or pastries (Tiffany is also more than happy to share her favorites).    There are multiple bedrooms and it is a shared space so it did feel a little cramped a couple weeks into our extended stay (couples staying with couples can do that), but having lived in this neighborhood Im fairly certain you wont find a space thats larger or more reasonably priced.    Highly recommended. Tiffany is friendly, and she made me feel very welcome! The room in photos 2, 3, 7, & 8 (former dining room) was turned into a bedroom, and thats where I stayed. The queen size bed was brand new, and it was very comfortable! There is also a clothing rack in the room with plenty of nice, wood hangers. There were three other people staying in the apartment, and even though theres only one bathroom, we didnt have any trouble organizing everyones shower/bathroom time. I didnt use the living room, but theres comfortable furniture and a flat screen TV that guests can use. The apartment was really clean and comfortable. The only odd thing was that I couldnt find a kitchen garbage can. The other folks were using a plastic shopping bag for trash, but I never figured out where it should be tossed (I assume theres a bin downstairs). The neighborhood is mostly residential with a few bodegas and small restaurants on Broadway. The building is large, and theres an elevator (thank goodness!). Now that there are Boro taxis in NYC, I was able to get a cab right outside the building on the day I was leaving. I hope Tiffany has an available room the next time Im in NYC. I would love to stay in her apartment again! The host canceled this reservation 7 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Tiffany is a wonderful host. She checked-in frequently to make sure that I am living comfortably. I arrived late at night but she was there to make sure that I had a comfortable check-in. She is also very responsive to texts and is available to fix any issues. The neighborhood is colorful and energetic with a beautiful riverside park nearby. Overall, I would recommend staying at her apartment. I had a long stay of 2.5 months and Tiffany made me feel at home. Thank you Tiffany! Really enjoyed staying at Tiffanys flat. The area was great. I liked that is was not too touristy. It was really easy to get around on the Metro, and had a lovely little coffee shop around the corner and some restaurants and bars nearby. I wanted to see a different part of New York as most other trips I have spent in the West Village or Brooklyn. It was a really good decision and we loved it.  Lacks commitment to excellence, very defensive and passive aggressive.  The stay at Tiffanys was great! The apartment is such a big one, is completely quite, silent, and sun comes into the flat from every corner. It is also very well communicated, supermarket and laundry next to door, and train station only two minutes away. It is a very comfortable spot! The room was clean. There are people who regularly clean up. Traffic is very convenient. Downstairs is the bus station. Not far from the subway. Tiffany is very kind. The neighborhood is very good. There are a lot to eat there is a big supermarket. I go out and play every day. Come home late and do not worry about anything. Finally Tiffany also helped me a big favor. Next time to New York. I think I will come to live. Tiffany was a good host. She was very accommodating and always asked if I needed anything. The place was good but the closest was a bit full of her belongings. She had everything already in her apt so I didnt have to buy the extra things a traveller doesnt usually carry, hence it was very convenient. Overall, my stay was good and had a good experience. Thank you Tiffany for being such a great host. The room was very clean, near to public transportations and in a calm area. Tiffany is always there when we need something. I really recommend this apartment. Ubicanzion genial, hospitalidad increible,mejor que en las fotos Me and my lady enjoyed our stay! Tiffany is an excellent host... She was just a phone call away great location and tons of things to do in the area or just a short train ride into mid town manhattan	0
435	"Nice experience, the roommates are fantastic. Good position, near subway (C line), a few station to Time Square. Apart some disconfort the host and the room are very good. ""Advisable"". Its been a great adventure in NYC!! Enzo is a great guy and very kind, the room is perfect, big bed, good TV, private bedroom, it was exactly what we were looking for in our trip. I definitely recomend to stay at Enzos place! Thank you very much! The house was clean and the Italian couple is very nice. I was worried about the area but it is not dangerous at all. The house is closed to the metro station. Unfortunately their house is a smoking environment so we had to book a hotel and leave earlier than expected  to avoid it.  Enzo is a super cool guy, the apartment is very cozy. Great location: 2 mins walk to C line and I can go to downtown, bus station without any transfer. The neighborhood is safe. Very nice experience in New York.  The host canceled this reservation 56 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 9 days before arrival. This is an automated posting."	0
436	we were one of randys first guests, & her & her family were amazing! they were more than accommodating. we were kind of shocked when we arrived how beautiful & spacious this home was. they have a four story building, the fourth floor of which the air bnb guests occupy, which is furnished just as any functional apartment is, including a fully functional kitchen, bathroom, closet space, etc. the bedroom is nice and comfy with an air conditioning unit, which was really helpful this summer.    they asked if we would like breakfast/coffee each morning, which added to the real-home feel. staying at randys home really felt like staying with family. they have an adorable patio/garden area where you can peacefully enjoy your morning routine.     their home is extremely close/walkable distance from the train station on 116th, connecting to two different train lines, and its just a couple blocks away/t be disappointed. 房东全家人都特别好,还帮我们提行李。整体家里都超干净,也很安静,卧室里有衣橱,可以挂我们的衣物,有柜子可以放我们的物品,卫生间也超干净,还有厨房里有我们想要的一切餐具和厨具!还喜欢房东家的小狗,可爱的狗狗!总之,一句好,人好、环境好、交通便利。离哥伦比亚大学很近,步走15分钟就到。房东家的北面就是个公园。 Randy was a great host! She provided the option of breakfast which was always amazing! She had the bathroom and room stocked with great organic options. The location was located not to far from the 116st station. Also with the amazing restaurant  list she provided we were able to visit a couple of local restaurants that were in walking distance that were really great  restaurants. Overall we were very pleased with our stay.  We enjoyed our visit to New York. The room was exactly as described online. The room and bathroom were immaculately clean. All the guest rooms are individually ventilated from the outside.      The bathroom is shared with one other bedroom and the rooms are color coded. It is similar to a bed and breakfast. There were large fluffy towels waiting for us, and toiletries were provided.     There is a sign-up on the guest fridge if you are interested in having coffee and fresh baked croissants on the patio in the morning. The garden is beautiful. There is also a coffee pot located in the room.     We liked the fact that there was also a guest kitchen available for us to use.     Randy went out of her way to make us feel welcome and she immediately responded to all our messages. Our train to New York was delayed, and she waited up for us. We really appreciated that.     We are so happy we found her listing. Its close to two 16th street subway stations and central park. You can buy a weekly subway pass at any subway station for $30.     She lives just north of central park, so we explored the entire park one day by opting to walk to our downtown destination. We walked over a 100 blocks total, and over half of it was just walking through the park. There are many beautiful gardens and rock formations.    There is a CVS and a grocery store right next to the (2 ,3) 16th street station. You can feel confident to pack a little lighter and save yourself some stress. There is also a K-Mart next to Penn Station, along with an entire shopping district. Its a short ride downtown.      As far as the subway system works uptown means north and downtown means south. From Penn Station both 2 or 3 (red) will take you there. 3 is the express train. The number 6 (green) also stops near Randys, but it stops at a different 16th street station. We only took the 6 back once. 6 is a local train.   It was our first time on airbnb and it went very well. the house is close to the green and the red subways so convenient for travel. guests have all the 3 floor available with fully equipped kitchen and bathroom. randy has helped us around, gave us many counsels and everything needed to make us feel at ease. SHe is a very kind and interesting person with whom it is pleasant conversation. in the family everyone is friendly even the little dog Lola :) .The Harlem neighborhood is quiet, we come back home at night with no problems, there is all that is needed, and central park is close a few blocks . if we were to return we would like to go back to randy. thanks for ewerything Carlo e valeria  Lovely light filled room with AC, bathroom and kitchen to ourselves. Made us feel at home and comfortable, with breakfast as an added bonus. House in a good location, 5 minute walk from the hop on hop off bus for tourists and a half hour ride from Times Square. We had a brilliant stay in New York!  I had such an amazing week and thanks to Randy !!  Thank you so much for everything you did to me. That was my first time traveling abroad on my own, you made me feel like I am your own daughter, I told mom not to worry about me because you were there :)   I can honestly say that, as a visitor coming from a far country, I felt home.  Something is sure about Randy is that she treats her guests like they are part of her family. She was always asking me about how I spent my day when I came back home. Also, she was always here to answer my questions and when I needed help.   The whole family was extremely nice and friendly, they were very welcoming too, even the little lola :)   The bedroom is exactly the same thing as you can see on the picture, except the bed that is way too comfortable (haha) and all you need is available. Randy places at your disposal EVERYTHING.    That was my first experience in Air bnb, I was very pleased and glad.  Thank you Randy for everything. If I come back to NY I will definitely choose to stay in your sunny and beautiful house :)  Randy and the whole family are really nice hosts. They make us feel at home comfortably. Their room is clean and cozy. The facility and applicance is fully equipped as well. By the way, their house is pretty wonderful and the decoration is pretty beautiful which we enjoy very much. We are extremely grateful to Randy and her family for their delicious breakfast, their great help of printing our documents and lifting our luggage. Thanks for everything they do to us and their patience to answer our questions. Tho dog Lola in the 2nd floor is really lovely and shy. We really have a good time in New York living in the house. We miss Randys family pretty much and were welcoming them to China. A lot of thanks to Randy. You cant miss a host like Randy when u come to NYC as a visiter.  Randy 是个很棒的漂亮的房东,每天换着花样为我们准备早餐,早餐是在她家的花园里吃的,个人很喜欢那个小花园!房间位于她家四层楼房的四楼,旁边还有一个独立的小厨房可以用,晚上回去可以煮个宵夜吃。房子街区离地铁站不远,挺方便的!  Randy and her family are very nice people. They welcome you with open arms and you feel at home at their house. They were very helpful with guiding you around and helping with things to see around the neighbourhood. The neighbourhood was fine and close to the subway and grocery stores. As a bonus it was really nice to have the option of breakfast whenever you wanted it. Generally, it was a really good experience! If we are going to New York again, we will  definitely choose to stay at Randys place again! Randy was very sweet! Upon arrival her husband greeted us and made sure we get settled in. Beverages and treats were offered every morning in their cute back yard; house was quiet and also bustling with positive energy ❤️ Randy and family were really nice and helpful and the room was really comfortable. We love the breakfast she made too! Me and my husband we stayed at Randys place for 4 nights and we were happy with the place. The room was clean and tidy. We had breakfast every morning - coffee, tea,  croissants and fruits. Randy and her husband were very friendly and helpful. I would kindly recommend Randy as a host for your trip. I stayed 1 week in Randys house, and it was absolutely amazing, I had a great time in her place, very friendly family, Randy and her family are very warmed welcoming family which I had a conversation with many times...  Her house is very close to many means of transportation easy to get to down town, also the room is confortable and clean...  I recommend it 100% :) Randy & co are the most amazing hosts. They are wonderfully helpful and delightful to talk to. The accommodation is well equipped and a lovely breakfast was supplied for us every morning in the garden.  If you are looking to explore New York then this is a perfect place to stay. You can easily access public transport and central park is within walking distance. There are brilliant restaurants and useful shops really close by (a special thanks must go out to the lad from the corner shop who hailed me a cab to the airport when mine didnt show) We couldnt have asked for more.  I really hope to meet these lovely people again. Thanks to you all for making the trip so special. Siamo stati benissimo a casa di randy, persone squisite, sempre disponibili, ma mai invadenti. Stanza con tutte le comodità ( cucina e bagno sullo stesso piano), giardino privato per fare una bella colazione preparata dalla famiglia. Il quartiere è bello e tranquillo , linee di Metro per east side e west side entrambe vicine. Davvero un ottimo posto dove stare, torneremo! We stayed seven nights with Randy, her husband and their adorable dog - we absolutely loved it! They were great hosts, really friendly, easy to communicate with and full of valuable tips as they are real New Yorkers! Delicious breakfast in the garden, the room was exactly as shown in the pictures - clean and a comfortable kingsize bed.  Thanks again for the great time, wish we could come back! Randy est une personne très gentille et agréable on se sent très bien avec elle le quartier est sympathique  Nos encanto el lugar, Randy y su esposo se portaron de lo mejor con nosotros, muy atentos y ayudandonos en todo.  En las mañanas nos daban un brunch delicioso, sin duda volveremos. Had a very nice time at randys place it was within walking distance of a metro station and a few minutes ride away from downtown New York. Would recommend her place to anybody and would prefer staying at her on my next visit to NY We had a lovely 8-day stay with Randy and her family. We enjoyed the breakfast very much! We also liked the access to a small kitchen. Randy and her husband made us feel welcome and answered all our questions. Happy to recommend her Randy is an amazing host!  Accomodations are better than described and daily breakfast with a hot muffin and fresh fruit was such a luxury.  The toiletries provided are all hypoallergenic and plentiful.  I am not a smoker, but I was never bothered by any smoke smell.  I loved having the coffee maker in the room!  Thank you Randy, so much! We stayed four days in Randy`s house. She was an excellent host, all was clean and tidy and she was very nice, we also like her pet Lola. Very recommendable. we had a good time here, everything was perfect. Randys family was really nice! I will definitely recommend Randys place. She is an amazing host. Room was perfect for my husband and I. Everything was very clean. She had provided supplies for all our needs. Her place is a couple blocks from Subway 2 and 3, which made it very convenient for to get to and from midtown. We are a night owls and she accompanied our early check in and late check out. Everything was perfect! We will definitely stay here again. Great host! Close to transportation making it easy to get around. We had a lovely stay, very accommodating, helpful and welcoming. Would recommend to everyone. It was a good house to stay at while having trips here and there In New York. Clean and cozy, people living there are so nice!  It is a very nice place to stay. Very close to public transports (buses and subway).  The room is confortable and quiet for a good night of sleep after long days walking. It was great to have the little kitchen and the bathroom next to the room.  Randy and her family made us feel welcome and answered to all of our questions.  If we ever go to New-York again we will know were to stay.    La habitación para el hospedaje es grande y cómoda. La cocina y el baño se comparten solo con huéspedes del cuarto de al lado. Randy te brinda toda la privacidad necesaria debido a que no utiliza el piso en el que se aloja la gente. Todo lo que hemos necesitado o pedido y haya estado a su alcance no los facilito y todo lo pactado se cumplio. Ella tiene una familia super amable. El subte puede tomarse a tres o a cinco cuadras dependiendo de la linea. Es recomendable al ciento por ciento. Gracias Randy por hacernos sentir como en casa. Ambiente acojedor, el marido de Randy nos recibió muy bien. El desayuno genial, y nos ayudó en todo lo que pudo.  Séjour à New York très agréable dans ce quartier vivant de Harlem. Le logement de Randy est très bien situé pour les petits footings dans Central Park et il est proche du métro.  We hebben een fijn verblijf gehad bij Randy. Ze stond altijd voor ons klaar. De kamer is klein maar compleet. Gebruik van keuken is handig en fijn. Badkamer delen kan lastig zijn. Wij hadden eerst buren die ook snel douchen. Later kregen we buren die de badkamer uren bezet hielden, dus dat zou ik niet meer zo snel doen. Bed was fantastisch, we hebben heerlijk geslapen. Openbaar vervoer was dichtbij. Binnen 10 minuten bij de metro waarmee je alle kanten op kan. Toplocatie dus!!!!         Quedamos muy satisfechos con el trato de Randy y su familia! La habitación se encuentra en un 3º piso equipado con baño y kitchenette (muy completos) para compartir con otra habitación de inquilinos. Al otro lado del pasillo se encuentran las habitaciones de los hijos de Randy, a quienes vimos muy poco. Prácticamente no usamos nuestros productos de higiene porque Randy te ofrece todo: desde shampoo/acondicionador y jabón tocador/ducha hasta cremas hipoalergénicas y desmaquillante facial. La zona está bien, un poco alejada de las atracciones principales (30-45 min a midtown-dowtown) pero se encuentra muy cerca del central park y de las bocas de metro para conectar de manera fácil. No nos pareció una zona peligrosa, con mi pareja volvíamos todos los días cerca de la medianoche con tranquilidad. Cuentan con una entrada indepediente y juego de llaves. Todos las mañanas se ofrecen a servirte un desayuno, que nos pareció de lo más beneficioso: café o té con jugo, frutas y un scone o croissant delicioso.  Nos hicieron sentir como en casa y siempre estuvieron predispuestos a ayudarnos con todo (no son invasivos), incluso nos recomendaron lugares para escuchar buen jazz.  Muchas gracias familia Resnick y Linda! Saludos a Lola!! ;)  Lovely room !!, lovely family, highly recommended. Of course if we go back to New York we will stay at his house. It is very well connected, for example: lines 2 and 6 subway. No problem with the neighborhood. Great place to stay in NYC! A great house and room with lots of character and a great host. It was close to public transportation, safe and near Central Park! Lovely place and I would totally stay here again.  Randy provided a great, secluded room just as described. She was a wonderful host and was more than willing to greet me and my travel partner for a late at night check in. She was kind, welcoming, and clearly very experienced at hosting. Staying in this room felt like staying in a hotel, but with way softer sheets and towels! Theres also a small kitchenette which I did not see in the listing but it was wonderful to have access to it & some fresh coffee!  I had a personal issue to attend to right as I was supposed to check out, and Randy was very polite and professional about me staying a little over check out time even though she had other guests to prepare for, which helped me immensely.  My only complaint about the premises is that is does smell a lot like smoke and dog, which was OK for me, but my travel partner with allergies had some troubles.  Overall, it was a nice room, there were no surprises, and definitely a bargain for a room in NY.  In my first experience in AirBNB I stayed with my mom (57 and used to stay in hotels) in Randys house and it was an amazing experience. Randy and her family welcomed us and help us in everything we needed, even beyond duty. The room is as the pictures shows, super clean and confortable. You have everything you need and more, so do not take hairdrier, shampoo, conditioner, or even cream. Randys house has three floors and the room is in the third one. There you share the floor and the restroom with the guests of another room, and Randys son, whome I saw twice in fifteen days. Privacy is garanteed, since everyone is really respectful and the family lives in the other floors.  Although breakfast is not included, theres a grocery at the corner of the block and you can use the kitchen wherever you want. Thank you Randy for everything! It was great to meet you!  Habitación, localización e ambiente tal como descrito por Randy. Fácil aceso al tren de Nueva York y cerca del central park. A los alrededores hay supermercados, farmacia y restaurantes. Excellent located, close to some metro lines in a quiet and nice neighborhood. All was perfect with Randy, she provides all you need for an stay in NY City. % recomendable Great amenities and kitchen to use if you dont want to eat out. Would recommend Handy spot 5 min to subway and not far from Central Park Good value and Randy our host was very helpful We really enjoyed our stay with Randy. Her home is close to Central Park for cycling around and the bus is quick, easy and close by. The little kitchen has everything you need too. Der Aufenthalt bei Randy und ihrer Familie war genauso, wie ich es mir von einer Unterkunft bei Airbnb vorstelle. Das Zimmer war liebevoll und individuell eingerichtet, es gab ein Badezimmer, das  man mit Gästen im zweiten Zimmer teilt, in der kleinen Küche gab es alles an Utensilien, was man benötigt und sogar ein wenig mehr davon. Die Sauberkeit war jederzeit gegeben und im Zimmer gab es sogar eine kleine Kaffeemaschine und ausreichend Kaffee und Tee.  Die Unterkunft liegt in einer ruhigen, sehr nachbarschaftlichen Gegend von Harlem, ist gut zu erreichen und ich habe mich immer sicher und sehr willkommen gefühlt. In kurzer Entfernung gibt es mehrere Cafés und Restaurants, sowie Supermärkte und natürlich Subwaystationen, um Downtown zu fahren.  Das Zimmer bei Randy ist der ideal Ausgangspunkt, wenn man sich freut auch mal dem Timesquare-Manhattan-Trubel zu entgehen und sich trotzdem heimisch in New York fühlen möchte.  Ein ganz besonderes Erlebnis gab es letztendlich an Thanksgiving, erst wurden wir von Randy, ihrer Familie und Freunden eingeladen einen Cocktail mit ihnen zu trinken und letztendlich wurden wir gefragt, ob wir zum Dinner bleiben möchten. Dafür nochmal ein riesiges Dankeschön für die Gastfreundschaft, die hier über das normale Maß hinausgeht. Ich würde jederzeit wieder in dieser Unterkunft übernachten. Great accommodation in a sunny apartment in Harlem close to quick bite gems and subway.  Place was comfortable and a pleasure to stay. We had a lovely time staying with Randy in her cool home. Very useful to have access to a kitchen. The area was very good for us with good transport links nearby. 2 blocchi dalla metro rossa, camera con letto confortevole. Cucina super attrezzata e con tutto il necessario x preparare il cibo.bagno con tutti i prodotti da usare salviette pulite.host molto gentile e super consigliata. Quando verró di nuovo a ny sicuramente soggiorneró da rendy! Randy and her husbands were excellent hosts. They helped us in everything we needed and gave us great food recommendations. Their house has an amazing location and the neighborhood is nice and secure. But what’s most important is that you have 100% total privacy and you’ll always feel like home. We’re very thankful. 	1
437	Very clean and tidy. The location was so ideal-- it was close to the trains, cool bars, and amazing restaurants but also on a fairly quiet street. Theres an amazing ramen shop on the block thats truly a well kept secret. The host was very helpful and had great food suggestions. Overall, the place was ideal for a short trip to NY.  I had a fantastic brief stay at this apartment. Adam was very friendly and communicative leading up to check-in, and even gave me some great recommendations. The apartment itself was just as advertised. Very clean, well put-together, and perfect for 1 or 2 people. The neighborhood is also amazing, right in the heart of the East Village, with nightlife, restaurants, and public transportation all around. Highly recommended! This listing is a little gem! Adams studio is nestled on a quiet block of East Village, surrounded by an abundance of fun bars and cute restaurants. Great location to use as a home base to explore the city for a long weekend! Adam was very generous communicative; he left us a lovely bottle of wine and gave us great tips about the neighborhood which really added to our stay. Would highly recommend! Adam was very nice but, unfortunately, the smell in the apartment was so strong that I wouldnt recomend that place. Cleanliness was below Airbnb standards.    Very communicative host with a very well equipped and comfortable apartment! As far as studio apartments go, it is relatively spacious and is an excellent place. Would definitely stay here again This location was just as described and pictured.  It was a very convenient location to the subway and bus lines. Adam was very courteous and prompt with his messages and was very detailed in his check in instructions.   I would recommend this location to anyone! I would highly recommend this place for anyone looking for real value for money. A bit compact (and 3 floors of steps to climb), but the location and cleanliness was top notch. Wifi and air conditioning work very well. Adam is a thoughtful and responsive host, and I would be happy to stay at the place for any future trips. Adams studio is cozy as he says it is! This was the perfect location in East Village and close to many delicious places to eat. The subway is only about a 10-15 min walk as well. Adam was very resourceful and did an excellent job at Communicating. To get to Adams studio, you will need to take (I believe it was 3) flights of stairs, once you enter the building, which are pretty steep--- be careful going up and down them. Other than that, I would  recommend staying here if you are in NYC for a few days. Adam was an excellent host! The apartment is located in the lower east side—a short walk to many restaurants and public transportation. Everything was very comfortable and perfect for two!   Adam was very easy to communicate with and check in and out is very easy! Highly recommended! Adams place was nice and clean and in a great location. Lots of restaurants nearby. We walked everywhere (Brooklyn Bridge, Central Park etc...), but it was also easily subway accessible. Free street parking was also a plus! Adam was a gracious host and was great in answering my questions and offering suggestions. Would stay here again! Excellent. Was very flexible with check-in/our times which was very convenient. It’s in a great location with som amazing restaurants and bars nearby. Strongly recommend. Its a perfect place to spend some time in the city. Its close to everything and the neighborhood is chill. Adam was very helpful and the flat is clean and cozy! Great experience & highly recommend for a short and cozy visit just outside of the city. Adam was very prompt with all his responses and made check-in/out easy and convenient. Great studio!	1
438	Kas was very kind at checkin. Showed us around the place everything we had to know. The area is great, lots of restaurant, convenient store and subways around.  Cas was a very nice host, he helped us where he could.  The location is extremely good for New York. Next Subway station is 5 minutes away.  I recommend this to everybody how is searching for a cheap accommodation.    Kas is a really nice host with a really nice place ! Subway station is about 5 minutes away and Manhattan is about 20 minutes away. Perfect location to have a good week in NY.  Kas is very nice and welcoming. The place is clean and tidy. Parking on the street is very easy. It is good if you only want to come back at night, take a shower and sleep. There are literally only two beds in the room. The neighbours are a bit noisy playing music on the street every night even after midnight. It might be because we were there for the Labor Day holiday.  He was really nice, friendly and helpful. We didnt meet Kas until our last night there due to him being out of town but his mom greeted us when we arrived and gave some great suggestions on what to do in the city. The bed was actually a real bed instead of an air mattress like other listing for this area has. Its a very convenient location since the subway is not that far from the location and to get to the city only takes 20 minutes. Our only complaint would be that there is no central air or a/c in the room so if you go during a time when its hot outside the place gets pretty warm. We had a fan in the room however we were still a bit hot due to the weather outside.  Kas buen anfitrión, la zona de fácil acceso con varias líneas de metro cerca y bien comunicado con Manhatan (30 min). La limpieza y la habitación deja mucho que desear. Sin ventana ni ventilación, poco cómoda. Sólo lo recomiendo para salir del paso como máximo 2 noches y por precio barato. The host made us feel we would have no place to stay (due to being so late).  Then she made us feel welcome.  Then she made us uncomfortable as her son let us know she was angry.    We felt very unsafe.  No locks on doors, additional guests when she said there would be none.   Kas was wonderful host and he became our friend as well. We have spent 18 nights in his house and he helped us with everything we needed.  Kas was a really gracious host. Place was cool and good value. His neighbors above are a bit noisy (its New York and Bushwick not a lot he can do about that) so if you are fine with that this place is chill and the bed was really comfortable. Kas - Hes a great host. Its no-frills but worth the price. Hes close to the subway but build-in an hour if you are going to Manhattan. The room I stayed in was AWESOME because there was no light so if I badly needed rest - then, thats the place. Hes a kind host and very chilled out. I am glad I stayed with him because I now like AirBnB and have stayed elsewhere as a result. Thanks, Kas.  Kass place was a great stay, Im in a wheelchair and he was able to accommodate me with all my necessities. Great host, I only seen him twice, at check in and checkout. I recommend his place to anyone Kas is wonderfully kind and helpful. I stayed for two weeks and felt comfortable cooking a good number of my meals there, and I felt ready for my days.   The only complaint I have is something outside of Kas control. The walls are pretty thin so, consistently throughout my stay, I could hear the upstairs neighbors arguing, and repetitive banging from the next door neighbor. It didnt keep me awake, or disrupt my trip in anyway.   Great value. Loved it. Would absolutely stay again.  It was not Clean or Tidy. Thats the first thing. Even the frig has rotten food in it. There was no towels anywhere and the bedroom has no air vent. Also the area around here was all tagged and not alot of parking. The pictures were a little deceiving as it looks clean but there was stuff everywhere. It says parking but thats if you can find it.  I brought my girl friend with me and she was so uneasy with it that I actually got a hotel room instead.  Also, it may be just me, but there was weird looking African (voodoo?) looking artifact things? that made me uneasy.   note as well you can hear the neighbors EASILY. All in all I would absolutely not recommend staying here. Then again you get what you pay for. Do yourself a favor and just pay the extra for the hotel room.   Příjemné ubytování, které mi sloužilo pro načerpání sil po náročném dni. Kousek od metra v klidné části města s dobře dostupnými službami - obchody, čistírna. Great place, just be prepared for a hot nite in your room since air ventilation sucks  Kas and his Mom were very kind and always helpful. Great host for a few days in Brooklyn. The host canceled this reservation 6 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The light in tge bathroom is broken ,  The house is very dusty and dead mouse Near to the subway station. Pretty good for the price paid. Thanks!	0
439	Christine was a great host. Super knowledgable about NYC and she was very helpful. I felt really comfortable at her place. Her place was clean and tidy and close to the Subway as well. The flat is nice and as described; you have wifi, towels, access to the kitchen. It is all very good for somebody travelling alone.   Christine is adorable an treat me with her home made muffin before I left :)     Just keep in mind that :   1. There is no elevator and you need to go to the 4th floor.   2. It is really well located to go to the Airport It was a good experience. Christine was very personable and the place is exactly as portrayed in the photos.  Its a safe area. Its close to public transportation and botanic garden and booklyn museum. Christine is helpful and cool. The bed is comfortable and its perfect for people who travel alone.  I am so grateful to Christine for her flexibility regarding her air bnb! I was in town and supposed to stay with my kid but I wasnt sure if that was going to work out and I really needed a room at pretty much the last minute. Christine understood  and  so I was able to book and have a safe and wonderful back up just in case! Now I know where to stay in Brooklyn if her space is available next time I come to town to visit my college senior who would much prefer that I have a place besides  his to stay in when I visit!  Great communication! Thanks so much, Christine!  Fue una excelente estadía ! Gracias Christine por tan buena atención ! Decent location. Host is very responsive.  Its pretty convenient and safety place, transportation is easy for landmarks. Couple of stop after you can find good breakfast or lunch places and Christine is so kind and helpful.if you wanna good hospitality this is your place. Fantastic stay! Great communication with the host, the roomy was really spacious and comfy. The rubix cube was really fun to play with. I liked my pillow.  Communication with Christine was very good and prompt. The room is big and is as just as described. Bed is really comfortable and the whole apartment is clean. Neighborhood is good and apartment is 10 min walk to subway and it takes about 25-30min to get downtown, which is not much considering that NY is a realy big city. Christine is a nice person and she was always glad to help you if you have some questions. I am giving 5 stars to this listing, and if come next time to NY, I will definitely stay at Christines place. Very grateful that Christine took me in with last minute notice... The room was spacious and comfortable. Laundromat, supermarket, subway station and library are located very close to the apartment. And Eastern Parkway is just perfect for running. Great host, great stay.  This was my second time staying here and whenever I come back this will be my listing of choice. Its always clean and Christine is always helpful whenever you need her.  Thank you Christine! Everything was ok! The room was really quiet! You were very kind! Very easy to go downtown by train! It was a very nice stay. Christine is a great host and I felt like I was at home. Down the street from public transit so it is very convenient  Christine makes sure youre comfy and content with everything. Shes easy to communicate with & quite generous to say the least.  The room is spacious, cozy and clean. The train station is in walking distance (Crown Heights/Utica Av red&green line) & there are many delis/markets around the block. I enjoyed staying at her place and would stay again without hesitation! Great spacious room in a convenient location Christine was  very helpful when I checked in. The room is spacious, with a nice dresser and a very comfortable school desk which I used to work on my laptop. The immediate neighborhood is a little funky but also close to a great park. Crown Heights has lots of busses and the No3/4 Subway stop is at Utica, two short blocks away. its a fairly quick ride into the city. Christine has thoughtfully provided a number of phamphlet guides to NYC. Id stay here again. Christine is a very nice creative who made my checking easy. Her apartment is on the 4th floor with a nice sized room that has a window and sky view. There is a park nearby. Two block away is which  the 3-4 subway line to downtown Brooklyn and to Manhattan. I enjoyed my stay..	1
440	Annas place is just perfect for the New York experience, it is in a really nice place, incredible view from the apartment and close to all the needs.  She is a great host, I recommend it 100%!  Nos sommes restés 3 nuits dans lappartement. La vue est vraiment exceptionnelle. Le quartier est sympa. Par contre, nous avons été déçus par le comportement de sa colocataire, qui évitait tout contact avec nous, en ne sortant de sa chambre que lorsque nous quittions lappartement. Aussi, après la première nuit passée, nous avons retrouvé la salle de bain dans un état limite, avec des cheveux partout et des tampons usagés autour de la poubelle. Lorsque nous en avons fait part à Anna, elle a tout de suite contacté sa colocataire. En réaction, elle est rentrée à 3 h du matin pour faire le ménage de façon très bruyante....  En résumé, Anna a été top, très réactive, sa chambre était propre et cosy mais nous avons rencontré des difficultés avec sa colocataire. Fantastic place in Brooklyn in a hip local area with good transport access. From the balcony you can see the Manhattan skyline. The room is very quiet as it is on the back of the house. Theres loads of little bars and restaurants nearby, and a supermarket just 50m away. Anna provided some really useful local recommendations, everyone of which we tried was great.   Perfect location for a little holiday escape, or visit to New York. We stayed in Williamsburg just for the weekend and we are so happy we had the chance to stay at Annies apartment! It was in a great location and the bedroom balcony had an incredible view! Would definitely stay here again!  The host canceled this reservation 18 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great communication with Annie.  Great Brooklyn location close to the subway.  Wonderful balcony to sit on to enjoy the Manhattan skyline at night! Great first experience in Williamsburg ! Annies appartment is really well located near the train station and close to many bars and restaurants. The tool has a balcony with an amazing view in the skyline as well. Annies is a really nice host, and really accommodating. I definitely recommand her!	1
441	"great host great flat in a very nice neightboor Adrien was super communicative and took great pains to make sure I had all the information I needed for a smooth arrival, departure and overall stay. Thoughtfully decorated, comfy apartment in a lovely Brooklyn neighborhood.  Adrien was a great host and delivered everything i asked of him. Was very considerate on the check out time and the place was exactly what i was expecting and enjoyed my time there Loved this place! Awesome location, very clean. Would recommend.  Bien que nayant pas rencontré Adrien en personne, nous avons eu un échange très cordial et facile et un accueil très sympathique, avec quelques douceurs à larrivée.  Lappartement est en tout point identique aux photos, joliment décoré, spacieux, agréable et calme, même si la chambre donne sur la rue. Il faisait très chaud lors de notre séjour, donc clim indispensable et très appréciable. Le lit est très confortable!!  Le quartier est également agréable, proche du quartier hype de Brooklyn- Williamsburg mais avec un côté un peu plus authentique. Le métro est à 10min et sur le chemin plein de bars et restos sympas! Bref, une adresse à recommander. The host canceled this reservation 29 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Greenpoint is my favorite neighborhood in NYC and Adriens place is in a really good location.. the apartment is fine but badly needing some TLC. The host canceled this reservation 31 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Although we didnt meet in person, Adrien was v helpful if I needed anything: great communication throughout. The apartment is big, just like the photos ( although bathroom is v small) and great if you want a quiet sunny place to spend some time in - I wanted to do some work so perfect for me as it has the study, small sitting room plus a lovely big kitchen to sit in. Super comfortable bed! Plenty of storage. No TV but Wi fi and Bluetooth. Area is quiet, residential Polish community but v near all the Greenpoint life of Manhattan Ave etc. Also really well placed for the L train to get into the city ( 10/15 mins walk to Bedford Ave through McCarren Park.) Lovely green little park just left up Driggs too.  Recommended!  This appartement is actually bigger than we thought when we booked it! It turned out pretty comfortable cozy and the decorations and layout make it very nice. It is very conveniently located in a quiet street close to coffee shops and restaurants and a nice park. Williamsburg and subway stations are easy to walk to. Adrien was easily reachable and nice! I would stay there again :)  Adriens place was a pleasure to stay in. Its on a quiet street just a short walk from all the fantastic restaurants and nightlife spots in Greenpoint and Williamsburg. The apartment itself is tasteful, clean and well-furnished (with a super comfy bed). The kitchen and bedroom are big, and the bathroom is very small but functional. The AC in the bedroom for those super hot nights was a nice bonus!  Would certainly stay here again. Adriens communication skills are fantastic. One of my better AirBnB experiences. Thanks Adrien!  Adriens apartment is perfect. Its located in a great part of Greenpoint, a 10 minute walk to McCarren park and Bedford. There are some really great restaurants, cafes and bars near the apartment as well. Super easy to get to public transport to make it in to Manhattan or around Brooklyn. The apartment is a great size and feels very homely. I really loved staying here and would happily recommend it to anyone visiting New York/Brooklyn.  Communication with Adrien and Check In all went super smoothly, you will not have a better visit to NYC. Great location and neighbourhood Cool apartment close to many good bars/ restaurants and parks. It had everything I needed and the AC in the bedroom was key. Id definitely stay there again. Cool, cute, clean apartment in safe Greenpoint location. Great communication, easy check in. I definitely recommend this apartment for future travelers. Thanks Adrien! The host canceled this reservation 62 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. I had a lovely few days staying in Adriens apartment in Brooklyn. I fell in love with the area in which the apartment is conveniently located. Great food options within a short walk. I didnt meet Adrien during the stay, but the check in was smooth and he was responsive on (Hidden by Airbnb) when needed :-)  Great stay in a great city! x This appartement is very well located and as i am a chef i could very much appreciate the perfect breakfast place near by called the ""5 leaves""The place itself is cozy and fully functional for cooking etc. the bed very comfortable and yess bathroom small but all you need with good water pressure. Neat, quiet and a nice neighborhood."	1
442	"The place is spacious and clean with everything youd need. Our host was responsive and meeting up to get the key was reasonably efficient. Traffic noise is not an issue although its quite close to the bridge. Plenty of shops, places to eat nearby. The price was right.  Was a great host  The place was wonderful and was the perfect home away from home for me. I stayed there 8 days and the area around the apartment is very nice and the food locations are great. Great stay!  We were very welcomed by the cleaning lady who had the keys and made it very easy for us to check in an hour early and we did a late check out too, it helped us a lot because we had a 3 mos. baby with us.. The apartment was clean and easy access to the subway and a short walk to central park.   Great apartment for the weekend!  Would definitely stay again!  Good communication with the host/property manager. Great place, easy to find and perfect location! Thanks! Perfect apartment. Comfortable and clean  The room is very spacious and cozy. We spent a lot of time doing nothing just sitting in the living room, the Queensbro bridge is outside the window, its beautiful.  Not very far from 59th str Lexington Av subway station(4,5,6,N,Q,R) around 8 mins walking distance. 15 mins to 5th Avenue and Central Park.  Well recommend friends to rent this gorgeous apt. Really lovely apartment, 6 of us stayed comfortably and it was lovely to be able to live like a local. Sofa bed is super comfortable and there were plenty of hangers and towels for all of us. Great location, only 5 min walk from Central Park, great corner shop and off licence around the corner. Felt like we were at home which is exactly what we were after. Be aware that there are no curtains/ blinds in the living room so if people are sleeping there is no way of blocking out the light, luckily for us the two in the living room were heavy sleepers and we tired ourselves out during the day anyway.   We would all definitely stay here again.  Well represented listing - clean and nice. Appartement conforme aux photos,   Bien placé, métro proche.  Par contre on a nous a demandé 100$ pour laisser les bagages quelques heures de plus dans l appart alors qu il n y avait personne derrière , cela nous a coûté 10$ par bagages la journée dans une consigne ..... Pas très cool...... Bottom line- great place professionally run.  We did not get in until after midnight but Beckmans instructions were on point and his person was reachable and met us at apt to let us in.  Place is ""cozy"" like he says but very functional two real bedrooms.   Very clean as well.  Beckman was responsive when we had questions.  Definitely some bridge noise but nothing but the bedrooms are in back and its really part of living in Manhattan there is noise from somewhere- most people should be totally cool with it.  Kitchen is helpful to have some food in hand.  It is a walk up so be prepared if you have heavy luggage.    There is a sushi joint like three doors down- I just cant remember name.  Like three tables total - but we got it to go was fantastic.  Also very much a ""find"" would barely notice it - youd have to want to find it.  Easy access to subways- we took the Roosevelt Island tram one day as well to check that out.    Overall Id recommend. First time staying at an Airbnb affiliated location.  Nice accommodations although traffic noise all night long was something we were not used to.  Nice amenities for 5 people.  Floors very creaky as guests above our floor were up early which was distracting.  Beckman was very quick to respond back in the early stages of reserving the facility.  Check in was handled efficiently.  We understand value-wise we cant compare with any other facility and understand that the location of this building dictates price but overall it supplied everything we needed.  Was nice to be so close to Central Park and subway locations.  New York is a fantastic place to visit and it was nice to have Beckmans response times to be so quick as we had many reservations to deal with for our trip.   We went there on our spring break when we visited New York. Were from Texas, where everything is big. Renting any place in New York meant we had to adjust to small places. However, this apartment was actually a pretty decent size! I was pleasantly surprised.   For this trip, we wanted to not have a strict agenda for the day and this place made it very convenient for us to ""wing it"". We walked a few blocks and there was the hustle and bustle of New York. Within an hour walk, we were able to see the Rockefeller Center, Jimmy Kimmel Studio, Radio City Music Hall, Times Square, Central Park, Grand Central Terminal, and many more! The kids got tired of walking around so I called an uber to go back to the apartment which cost about $10. Not bad at all!   Beckman, the host, responds very quickly to my inquiries. Nancy, the lady that handed us the keys was very gracious and informative. Our initial plan was to leave very early in the morning on check out day. But this changed the last minute which is why we met the cleaning lady who was there to tidy up the place after we supposedly left. That was my mistake as I did not update the Beckman or Nancy that our plan slightly changed. Despite my mistake, the cleaning lady (I forgot her name) politely gave us until 11am to stay and prepare to leave. Everyone that we interacted with during our stay in this apartment was wonderful!   Thank you so much for making our New York vacation so memorable!  Great place, great atmosphere, is just like description, great host. Thank you for a pleasing stay! The woman we met to give us the keys was friendly and informative.  The neighborhood was pleasant with many places to eat and shop.  The apartment was clean and very spacious.  We were glad to have a large living area and 2 bedrooms.  We would definitely stay here again.  Wonderful place! Great location, comfortable apartment, easily slept 6 of us. Wonderful! Thanks for everything.  The apt. was everything we needed. The location was outstanding. The subway, Whole Foods, Wine store, bagel shop were all within a 3 block radius. We even walked to Times Square and the Met. We all felt that we were part of the New York scene.   Good job, Beckman! This is a terrific apartment in a fabulous location at a very reasonable price. thank you! Beckmans place was great! The two bedrooms are a good size and the pullout couch came in handy for our party of 3 adults. There are great restaurants and cafes nearby (this is NYC after all!) and our stay was very easy. Its on the second floor (no elevator) which was convenient and easy to access via the stairs. There is a bit of street noise in the living room from the bridge and a little construction (again, this is NYC!) but I liked that the bedrooms faced the back so there was no noise and you can sleep with the windows open. Beckman was a really fast communicator and make check in and check out easy. We would stay again!  The apartment was exactly as described, very clean and comfortable, and the Midtown East neighborhood is awesome.  Really convenient to everything NYC has to offer.  6 of us were able to stay very comfortably there, plenty of room for all of us to sleep.  Key pick up and drop off were simple and the woman I spoke with on the phone to arrange everything was very pleasant to deal with.  I would definitely stay here again. This wasnt a nice experience! We called as requested 1 hour before to get to the place when we got there it was not ready. We were instructed to leave for awhile and when we got back to the apartment and it was somewhat clean. The place was very hot and the AC wasnt working. To make it short they sent a portable AC unit around 10:30pm on our last  night stay. The feeling was that this has no one living there. Very different from the other locations we stayed before. We told the host that there was going to be six people staying at the apartment, yet there was only 5 pillows and one roll of toilet paper. Again not a lot of effort to make it comfortable.   The central air conditioning was broken and Beckman was not responsive once we checked in, so we had to deal with it. We were in NY for one night and had to sleep in the living room where the portable ac was cooling to a max 76 degrees. When addressing this issue with him upon leaving, he insisted the AC was fine even though a repairman knocked on the door the next morning. When youre in NYC for one night you dont want to waste your time dealing with apartment issues and an unresponsive host. Communication was excellent so check in was smooth and easy. The wifi was outstanding and we loved the location, making use of the walking distance to central park and the subway many times, as well as the nearby facilities such as the super friendly laundry around the corner and the superb wine and tapas bar a couple of doors down. The place was clean and exactly as shown in the pictures.  Fans would have been useful in the bedrooms as it was hot in New York when we were there and the aircon worked well in the living are but couldnt cool the whole apartment.  Overall I would happily stay here again and recommend it to friends. Hi Beckman,  Thanks for hosting us in New York. We really enjoyed our stay. The place was very spacious for NYC and was a good experience. We did feel that the AC was not sufficient, particularly in the bedrooms for the hot summer. We do understand this is an issue for older buildings.   Best, Gilbert  The Appartement is really very central. You need 10 minutes (by feet) to the Central Park and the Subway Station and big store are 5 minutes away. There are also a lot of restaurants easy to reach (the Greek restaurants ""under the bridge"" is one house away and very recommended).  In case we didnt see Beckman, he was a reliable host. He always answers quick and the time check-in and check-out is safe.  So our stay was all in all very easy. But I need to admit, that the flat would be definitely better for 4 persons (there is only one bathroom/ the couch is not that comfortable and the table is too small for 6 persons). The supermarket is not that close anymore, so you need 1 or 2 persons so go with you.   As a result: I would definitely book it again. But only with 4 persons! :-) The apartment was great. It was clean and comfortable. Great location. Tha AC and temperature control worked well. Totally recommended. Great neighborhood, very close to Central Park and Times Square.  The check-in and check-out process was very easy, the cleaning lady met up with us and gave us the keys.  She was nice and helpful.  The host, Beckman, was very responsive and easy to communicate with when we needed to reach him.  We had 5 people in our party, I think that was to many people based on the size of the apartment.  The rooms are a good size but there is only one bathroom and its tiny.   Based on previous reviews there were some issues with the A/C but when we got there the A/C was in working order and there was even a portable unit that was brought in to help cool down the apartment.  I would stay at this location again but with fewer people.   This apartment is in a very convenient location. It is loud - right next to the Queensboro Bridge, but easy to walk to places from there and very safe. We stayed there with my mom, husband and two kids and really enjoyed having the space (which is at a premium in NY) and cute restaurants nearby.  The host was accommodating and allowed us to change our check-out time to earlier than previously planned. The beds were very comfortable and the kitchen was functional. WE spent a lot of time outside the apartment, but enjoyed having a nice place to come back to at night. très bien.  Nice apartment.  Very comfortable for a family of 4.  Great location, many shops and restaurants nearby.  Subway station a few blocks away. Very convenient location, very safe. We stayed there with our 4 children. The aparment was functional, however better for 4 than for 6 (one bathroom with toilets in the batroom), and only 4 chairs. But the living room was very spacious and the AC worked well even with very hot temperature (>90° ). Check-in and chexk-out with the clean lady was very easy. If we come back to NYC, we would stay again at Beckams place! Ikke plassen for de som vil ha en personlig AirBnb.  Hemos estado una familia de 5 miembros en el apartamento durante 10 días.  El apartamento es muy funcional, con lo necesario para hacer cómoda y confortable la estancia.  Se trata de un barrio tranquilo y seguro, con comercios en los que poder comprar comida y bebida para las cenas y desayunos.  A pocas calles de distancia está el metro que lleva a todos los destinos necesarios y hay muchos autobuses por la zona que también ayudan para desplazarse.  No hemos conocido a Beckman en persona, pero el trato por e-mail con él, así como en directo con la chica de la limpieza ha sido correcto.  El último día nos ayudaron a encontrar un sitio donde dejar nuestras maletas hasta ir al aeropuerto.  Recomendaremos este apartamento a todos los que nos pregunten. My host was extremely responsive and his staff was welcoming/kind The neighborhood was easy to access, espcially for a few of us who had driven in.  We fit 6 adults in the apartment with no problem.  The central AC didnt seem to work, but there was also a portable AC in the living room that did a nice job of cooling the apartment down.  The apartment itself was nicely decorated.  We didnt spend too much time at the apartment as we were there to celebrate a bachelorette party and were out doing things most of the weekend, but when we were there it was comfortable and clean.  Overall, we had a great weekend and this apartment made that easier! This place is great and so was our host. Everything went smoothly and the host was very easy to reach for any questions. The place is spacious and conveniently located. I would definitely suggest this place and this host. Et greit sted å bo. Sentralt, kort vei til Central Park og offentlig kommunikasjon.   Flere restauranter og butikker i nærheten.   Bruker man kjøkkenet mye kan en oppvaskmaskin være et savn.   Litt ulike beskjeder angående avreisen fra verten vs renholderen. Men renholderen holdt hva hun lovet!  Geräumige Wohnung in guter Lage, funktionale Ausstattung, freundliche Cleaing-Lady, gute Kommunikation mit Beckman, warmes Wasser fiel zweimal aus, wurde aber immer sofort behoben, strenge check-in Bedingungen, mussten 40 Dollar Gebühr bezahlen, weil wir knapp 25 Minuten nach 8pm ankamen. Très bonne situation géographique! A proximité du métro permettant de se rendre dans tout NYC. Femme de ménage effectuant le Check-in et le Check-out très agréable et flexible! Appartement correspondant aux photos publiées. Seuls bémols sont le manque de quoi cuisiner, pas de quoi faire un simple plat de pattes et tuyauterie dans la salle de bain très vielle et marchant pas très bien.  Beckman was easy to work with, and always returned a call or e-mail.  The apartment is located in a great part of NY, and the pictures are accurate.  Its time to freshen up the linens, towels, and amenities that are expected in this price range, and the rug and sofa require deep cleaning.  If you are going to NY for the Marathon, the route runs right in front of this apartment.   Las fotos de Internet son fidedignas.  La localización es excelente y el barrio es tranquilo. El precio es acorde y la experiencia de residir con la autonomía de un piso propio en Manhattan es mucho mejor que un hotel.  Pizzería en la primera Avenida con la calle 62 muy buena, barata para poder cenar alguna noche. Vinoteca en la primer Avenida  entre la 58 y la 59 para acompañar con vino. The location is excellent!  Easy walk to subway stations, grocery stores and shopping.  For our family of four, the size was great.  Unfortunately, the apartment did not live up to expectations regarding cleanliness; the couch and rug need deep cleaning and it is time to replace the linens and towels.  The heat was broken for the last 36 hours of our visit and the host did not fix it.  For a November visit, this was unacceptable.   Die Wohnung liegt sehr zentral. Von dort aus kommt man gut mit der U- Bahn oder zu Fuß zu vielen Sehenswürdigkeiten. Leider ist die Wohnung sehr in die Jahre gekommen und sehr hellhörig,  dafür aber sauber. Bei Ankunft am frühen Abend ging die WC Spülung nicht. Nach Anruf wurde uns unfreundlich mitgeteilt, das dies am nächsten Morgen (erst) repariert wird. Das ist für mich ein NO GO!! Hier hätte sofort gehandelt werden müssen. Wir waren schließlich mit 4 Personen vor Ort. Vor allem bei dem Preis! The place presented itself as tired and of need of a refresh. The beds, linens and towels have seen better days. Kitchen is well equipped for various length of stays. Location is great for transit access but is somewhat noisy at night. WIFI was simple to access. We had two days of rain, so we  appreciated the umbrellas that were provided by host. Beckman was prompt at getting back to us with any questions or concerns we had. Some notables - coffee maker is small, no filter required. We felt it necessary to buy drinking water.   Host was super accommodating, my party was arriving at all different times and he made sure that there would be someone around to get us the keys. The place was perfect, just like the pictures. Very clean. Definitely recommend!! This place is wonderful! Exactly what it looks like in the photos and the location is perfect. Just a couple of blocks from the subway which makes it so easy to get around. We had no problems with noise at all, the place was so private and the walls kept out any road noise. Cathy (the cleaner) met us to give us the key despite running a few hours behind on a Friday after missing our flight and was so sweet and took the time to explain everything to us and make sure we had everything we needed. The place itself has everything you could need and slept 5 of us comfortably. We loved everything about the place and would definitely stay again.  Kathy, our contact was nice and helpful when we couldnt get on the wifi. However, the location is difficult to access by car. The place was fine, but the photos made the place seem swankier than it was.  We stayed with two teens and had more than enough room. All slept well, good kitchen / bathroom facilities.  Great check in / out with great communication from host.   Great location - we walked to Central Park and Times Square. Really close to subway stations for downtown.   Thanks!  The apartment was a good size. The cleaning lady was nice but unfortunately we had mice in the apartment and nothing was done about it.  A little older apartment, but well worth the price. The location was excellent, and the host responded quickly to communications. Good size for New York few small issues I suggested but was not followed up as promised by Beckmann.  Enjoyable stay otherwise  El departamento es como se ve en las fotos, tal vez un poco mas viejo y usado. Lo que es necesario aclarar para los que viajen con mucho equipaje, es que son dos pisos por escaleras bastante angostas. Para jovenes esta bien, pero definitivamente no es recomendable para gente mayor. La construccion es un poco ruidosa. La ubicacion es buena y el barrio parece seguro.  Spacious comfortable apartment in a fantastic location. Enhanced our experience of a great city.  Von der Wohnung kann man alles gut erkunden. Die subway ist in unmittelbarer Nähe und der Braodway ist ca. 20 min fußläufig entfernt. Die Kommunikation mit dem Host ist einwandfrei. Antwort kommt sofort. Die Wohnung ist jedoch etwas in die Jahre gekommen und durch die nahe gelegene Auffahrt zur Autobahn etwas laut.   Excelente departamento, muy bien ubicado, super confortable. Le faltaria un poco de equipamentos a la cocina, pero nada importante. Excelente ubicacion! Gracias Very easy check in and out.  Comfortable, quiet, convenient. The house was good, the rug was not clean at all and the apartment is much older than in the pictures. Good location in Midtown, close to the subway. Several small restaurants around the corner. The apartment worked fine for us (five people) with two bedrooms and a couch in the living room. The kitchen was small and not well suited for making big dinners at home. After a few days we got neighbors on the floor above and that was quite disturbing och noisy. To be honest the apartment was smaller than expected but was ok for us during our week in NY. Great location and very clean! Host was very helpful in preparing all the details before our arrival - abundance of clean towels and linens available for use and can accommodate 6 comfortably  Great appartment to stay in, clean, close to public transport, restaurants and supermarket. Communications with Beckman were thorough and prompt. Would highly recommend rent this appartment next time your in New York. The apartment is in a great location with a bunch of really nice restaurants and bars within (a very short!) walking distance.  The place was a little tired but everything worked and it was nice and warm (NYC had a bit of a cold patch when we were there).  If I was being picky Id say the linens and pillows could do with a spruce up!  Id definitely stay again if I was in New York. This place was great. Easy to get to and conveniently located to lots of great places. The check in and check out was also very easy and quick.   Highly recommend! Good place, good location if you dont mind a nice walk to places. Apartment needs a bit of modernising however it is clean, spacious and a nice little place to stay for a long weekend.  Zwei Frauen und ihre Teentöchter hatten eine großartige Zeit hier. Schön eingerichtet und an alles gedacht, sämtliche Küchengeräte, Bügeleisen, Fön und alle Putzmittel sind vorhanden. Und vor allem eine große Mümmelcouch & Highspeed-Internet. In der Straße gibt es mehrere Restaurants und Bars, ein großer Supermarkt ist 3 Blocks entfernt. Also sehr zu empfehlen! Had a great stay!  Wonderful location, would stay at Beckmans again.  Thanks for adding to a special night! Good location Walkable distance Description was accurate; however, apartment could use some sprucing up and mattresses and linens should be updated. Beds were not the most comfortable.  Nice place, good location.  We have had a great time and enjoy the apartment  Great appartement at a wonderful location. The beds could be better. Noise from A/C from other building. Muy amable, siempre a disposicion, la ubicación lo es todo , volveremos!! We traveled with our family (16, 14 (boys), and our 11 year old daughter.  Much better value than a hotel room.  This apt. is as advertised.  It is not a new building or new furnishings, but everything was clean, worked, and provided us room to stretch our legs.  The living room has a pull out sofa and a chaise lounger that our 14 year old slept on by using the couch cushions as an extension.  The bedrooms were larger than expected.  Lighting in those bedrooms is minimal, but you just sleep there anyway.  The kitchen was adequate and fully stocked with plates, cups, utensils.  We walked 2 blocks and got groceries at the Morton Williams.  There is not central air.  They use a portable unit that pulls air from outside.  The A/C unit kept the living room and kitchen cool.  We used the fan (provided) to pull the cool air back to the bedrooms.  Bedrooms were manageable, but I must add that we were there at peak of the summer (90*+ and humid).  So any other time the A/C should be able to keep up just fine.  The nearest subway is about 2-3 blocks away.  The SE corner of Central Park is about 1 mile away.  We came home multiple nights around midnight and were not concerned with safety.  We would stay here again. Great location, good sized apartment, enough room for 5. Shame that the leaky bathroom ceiling wasnt dealt with, and that nobody showed up at the agreed time to check us out. When I arrived at Beckmans apartment, there were multiple leaks coming from the ceiling. The bathroom floor was covered in water, and the whole apt smelled from the leak. There were also pieces of the ceiling falling off around the leaks. He did not communicate this to me before arriving, and it caused a big headache trying to find a new place while on a business trip. Id recommend staying elsewhere. This is a great location with shops, restaurants and subway nearby. The apartment does NOT have AC throughout, only in living room and kitchen area. The bedrooms have fans, but are hot. Amenities are very limited. This is not someones home, but it functions fine as a basic place to stay. Great place to be!!! Great location!! Thanks for the nice stay and will come back soon!! The apartment was nice and comfortably fit 4 adults and 2 children. It was close to amenities and the air conditioning worked great. The only complaint was that the beds are not very comfortable. Great experience! Comfortable and cozy house in an excellent location. Muy bien ubicado, barrio tranquilo cercano a comercios. Beckman fue muy amable. Departamento comodo Séjour très agréable dans cet appartement très bien situé et assez grand pour notre groupe de 5 personnes. Hôte facilement joignable pour toutes nos questions. Une très bonne adresse The apartment is poorly maintained.  The pictures are much nicer then the real thing. The cleanness is no more than fair.  There was no toilet paper at all. We called the lady who let us in, and didn’t got any. (We bout one in the store down in the street). Pay attention to the very high extra pay in case of late arrival. Location is great. Biggiest complaint - we were told that the apartment was on the second floor with no elevator.  We were told there was one flight of stairs.  There were actually two flights of stairs.  Mattress was not the most comfortable.  We were not able to use the television.  There are four remote controls and no instructions as to how to use them. Excellent location for East Side, Subway, walk to Central Park etc.  Very basic apartment, though, with no luxury or basic provisions on arrival.  Owner very good communicator, so deal very easily and well done.  Arrival perfect. 公寓位置离地铁站不远,整体还可以 The apartment is very roomy, clean and the location is great. Every time I come to NYC I rent it. Amazing place! Beckmans home is very spacious and in a convenient location. You will most likely interact with the house keeper, Nancy, who is a lovely lady. Id recommend bringing toilet paper unless youre interested in half-ply :P Overall, we had a pleasant stay!  La ubicacion es perfecta. La unica informacion que yo no vi es que Beckman cobra 50$ por llegadas posteriores a las 20:00. Beautiful condo and great location Great find. nicely located and really good price"	0
443	"Nice homely cosy room in a big Brooklyn house with a great atmosphere. Carlton and Akua are down-to-earth friendly hosts who made sure we felt at home but were totally laid-back and hands off - we never felt like we were staying in someone elses house. The house is in a cool, authentic and safe neighbourhood with a great vibe, with no hipster pretensions about it - feels like real New York. Id recommend this place to anyone who wants to experience a piece of New York thats unpolished totally off the tourist trail. And theyve got a gorgeous cat. We arrived very late and were greeted warmly by Carlton and Akua, they were very hospitable and welcoming giving us a tour once we had arrived. The room is exactly as listed, incredibly spacious and only a few blocks from the subway making it very easy to travel. I would recommend this listing, we had a wonderful time Carlton and Akua have a lovely warm and welcoming home, the study itself has lovely wood features and is very bright and airy. My partner and I had a lovely time seeing the real Brooklyn and travelling around the area was pretty easy. There are lots of nice small and large parks within walking distance, and plenty of great little places to get something to eat. The nearest shopping Mall is Atlantic Terminal, but there are other independent clothing and shoe stores around the Bed-Stuy area. There are also the Brooklyn Botanical gardens (aprox 30 min walk) which is free on Tuesdays and between 10-12 Saturdays. Only one thing to mention to future visitors is the brightness of the study, if you are planning to sleep late then bring an eye mask and ear plugs to ensure the sun and outside noise doesnt wake you up. My partner and I had a lovely relaxed time, Carlton and Akuas cat gave lovely cuddles and happily sat on your lap for some love. :) My Mum & I had a great time staying at Akuas Bed-Stuy Study.  Carlton & Akua were good hosts and were readily available when we needed their help.  Carlton even went to the trouble of helping us to plan our trip and offered advice on where to go, what to do & how to get there. The accommodation is very comfortable and spacious and perfect for 2 to 3 people. The subway is just around the corner & there are plenty of grocery stores and coffee shops close by.  Id recommend this place and would stay again! Thank you Carlton & Akua (and youre family!)  Pros: Hosts are friendly, laid-back, interesting, and knowledgeable about NYC and anything else you want to talk about! House has amazing original period details, including wood inlays and stained glass. Neighborhood is cool, vibrant, and very close to ""A"" train.  Possible cons: No A/C (just portable fans) + heat rising to top floor means if the weather is hot, the room could be very hot and stifling.  Bathroom has no lock and may be shared with other house guests.  Overall, a positive experience! Carlton and family were wonderful hosts!   We spent most of our time in the city doing the standard tourist stuff so spent little time with them but while in the house we were made to feel totally welcome and were even invited to join them for a 4th of July BBQ.  Room is hugely spacious and the house is lovely, would definitely stay again. Lovely and very cozy room, full of books, few minutes from the subway with easy access to Manhattan or the airport. Carlton and his family were very nice and we felt a bit at home! Do not hesitate The listing was accurate. The neighborhood was great close to public transportation and restaurants and night life.  La casa está muy bien conectada para moverte en general por todo NYC y llegas muy rápido a Manhattan.  Gran parte del tiempo estuvimos recorriendo NYC, pero cada vez que coincidimos tuvimos pláticas agradables donde intercambiamos puntos de vista interesantes. Ante cualquier duda sobre la ciudad, Carlton tenía alguna historia que contar y puede dar muchas recomendaciones.  Tuvimos acceso a la cocina y compartimos el baño con una chava muy simpática con la cual también tuvimos pláticas muy bonitas, aparte es hermoso escucharla cantar y tocar música. Carlton and Akua are really nice, helpful and friendly hosts. At arrival we even got a list of nice places to eat, drink, listen to music and things that we had a special interest in. We stayed there for 17 night in Sep/Oct where the weather was just perfect. It is very easy to get around. I recommend staying at Akuas library. We loved our stay at  Carlton and Akuas upstairs study in Brooklyn. It was perfect for us and we felt very relaxed and made to feel welcome. The room was the right size for us with lots of privacy and even though Carlton and Akua where in the house downstairs it was always very quiet. We loved the neighbourhood with the house on a tree lined street and a great coffee shop around the corner which we frequented daily on our walk to the station which is only two blocks away. The A train express only took 15 minutes to Manhattan and Greenwich Village so that was brilliant. We bought a weekly Metro card and used go to music shows every night in Manhattan and had no problems. Weve previously only stayed in our own place but the idea of sharing with a family is more appealing to us after our experience with Carlton and Akua. We loved it so much we were quite sad to leave and miss being there already. Overall a great experience and would definitely stay there again and would love to stay in touch with Carlton and Akua. The host are very nice and welcoming. They gave us a list of restaurants in the neighborhood upon our arrival. They showed us the room and even helped us carry our heavy suitcases upstairs.    The room is as seen in the photo. Its nice and clean with lots of space: small living area with working desk and lots of book in the room. We felt comfortable staying there. The room is located on the top (third) floor.  Theres washer/dryer and bathroom in the hallway. The bathroom is shared with one other person who live on the same floor. I only get to see her 2-3 times over our 2 weeks stay so we mostly have a bathroom and the floor to ourselves. Just an FYI: the bathroom has no lock (we dont mind that since its only us most of the time). The room is at the front of the house and from time to time you hear noises from the street; however, its not loud. Theres a cat living there and she often come upstairs to greet us and tried to sit on our laps.     This place is about 4 blocks from A train. Easy commute to the city. Just be aware that the train gets crowded during rush hours especially around 8-9 AM.  Nous avons passé 4 nuits dans le logement de Carlton et sa femme Akua. Carlton et sa femme ont été très accueillants, ils sont très ouverts. Ils ont été très conciliants par rapport à nos demandes. Ils nous ont donné une liste avec les bonnes adresses du quartier, ce qui est très appréciable. Ils ont été très disponibles pour répondre à nos demandes et à nos questions. Ils nous avaient fait quelques courses ce qui est très gentil de leur part !  Cest une maison typiquement américaine, pleine de charme, sur 3 étages et nous disposions du dernier étage (une chambre et une salle de bain). Dans lannonce il est écrit que nous étions sensés partager le dernier étage avec leur nièce, mais durant notre séjour elle nétait pas là. Nous avions donc la salle de bain pour nous. La chambre est comme sur les photos. Ils nous ont fourni les serviettes de toilettes, les draps et nous avons eu accès à la machine à laver et au sèche-linge.  En revanche, le lit-canapé prévu pour deux est de 120cm de large ce qui est vraiment juste pour deux adultes. Lisolation au niveau des fenêtres nest pas terrible : courant dair et bruits de rue (simple vitrage). Il ny a pas de volets, donc réveil précoce par la lumière du jour. La propreté dans certaines pièces laissait à désirer (principalement la cuisine).   A savoir pour les allergiques : il y a un chat qui vit dans la maison, qui se déplace dans toute la maison.  La maison se situe à deux blocs (environ 7 minutes) du métro qui va sur Manhattan (ligne A et C) en 30 minutes.  Nous gardons un bon souvenir de Carlton et Akua. Carlton And his wife were such great host! We booked the accommodation 2 days before And they were very helpful, friendly And welcoming!  We had a large room and all the bathroom for us. The house is well located, perfect for â great Time in NYC!  Thanks again Carlton!  I spent 3 weeks in the warm and generous household of Carlton and Akua. Their were wonderful hosts: very welcoming and helpful, easy-going and down to earth. I was given full access to their kitchen, and even the living room while they were away. The room is as it is described in the advert: spacious, light, and with lots of original detail. Their cat was also as described: adorable, she will sit on your lap whether you want her to or not.   I had the bathroom on the top floor mostly to myself, as the hosts have their own.   The neighborhood is gentrifying, filled with historic brownstone buildings, yet still rich in the typical Brooklyn atmosphere: lots of activity on the main streets, plenty of shops, cafes etc. The street itself is relatively quiet, especially for NYC.  The nearest subway station is only 5 minutes away and connects to the A and C trains that bring you to Manhattan in 20 minutes.    Highly recommended, will visit again if I can! The listing was quite  accurate. Eleven days we enjoyed staying in the house of Carlton and Akua. They were very friendly, helpful and generous hosts. Akua went with us, showing us the house and explained everything we had to know. We talked almost daily with another, because either we had further questions (where can we go to eat Indian food, how about a visit to Harlem, how does the microwave oven works, do you have a pan?) or our hosts asked how everything was going during the day. All happened in a nice atmosphere! We enjoyed this kind of ""family-life""   Carlton and Akua were living underneath us - downstairs - whereas we used our room and the bathroom alone. This sort of privacy felt rather comfortable. Only Navasha - the cute cat - visited us frequently. She enjoyed cozy places. For our privacy, we only needed to shut the door (never happened).   Additionally we could use the kitchen, the living/working/or dining room - the room with the large oval table. The huge fridge (in the kitchen) enabled us to keep every day our food cooled to get a good breakfast in the morning.   Because of the marvelous weather, the window in our room was always open, that way we heard traffic noises from the Street. So we used ear plugs to reduce the noise during the night.   There are so many subjects to remember about - but... . Strongest impressions were caused by me (Michael) through the different paintings by Carlton. Particularly the different techniques Carlton used.  We enjoyed our visit to you. Thanks to you dear Carlton and Akua!   Margit and Michael   We loved staying at Carlton and Akuas place. The neighborhood has tons of places to eat and is very vibrant. Akuas bedroom/study is probably the best room in the house! Thanks for opening your house up to Airbnb, Carlton and Akua!  We stayed at Carlton & Akuas place during one of our more stressful weekends finding an apartment in Brooklyn for the fall.  Their hospitality, friendliness, flexibility, and the comfort we felt at their place (not to mention their cat, Navasha, kept our son thrilled!) made our weekend not only manageable, but also enjoyable.  The room is absolutely beautiful and just as described.  Thank you so so much Carlton and Akua - we will definitely be sending people your way! Wonderful people - so engaging. VERY flexible and helpful. Thank you!  We spent a week at Akua and Carlton’s study and had a wonderful stay. They gave us a list of recommendations for the neighborhood and were available to answer questions. Situated in a lively neighborhood it was both convenient to explore NYC (near the A, C and S lines) and discover the surrounding area (lots of cafes, restaurants, shops and grocery stores). The study, located on the top floor, is spacious, beautifully decorated, quiet and private. Akua and Carlton are great hosts. We highly recommend their place. The place is awesome! A lovely library in room, a real and comfortable bed, cozy sofa and very private and clean bath. I booked the room for my husband. He loved it so much that he extended his visit for a couple of more nights.     Great experience~  Akua was super personable and more than willing to accommodate our needs. We loved the neighborhood/location and the bright sunshiny room looks exactly as pictured.  Akua and Carlton are the best hosts you can ever wish for. They are very educated people with very good hearts. Me and my friends enjoyed our time there  We had a great time Staying in Carltons library. I was travelling with a friend and we found it very spacious and comfy with our own seperate double beds. Hancock st is very green and beautiful and there are lots of great corner stores and restaurants near by. The A train subway is an easy 5 min walk away and the G line also isnt too far. Prospect park is an easy bike ride away and there are plenty of parks and basketball courts within walking distance to hang out in when the weather is nice. Carlton is a very friendly and helpful host and also has a wealth of knowledge about New York! We had our own bathroom on the top floor and on saw Carlton on occasions in the evening. But it felt pretty much like we had the place to ourselves!Overall I would highly recommend a stay at Carltons place for a real good bed-stuy experience! .....  Also MVR award (most valuable restaurant) goes to Peaches one block up Hancock st. Delicious Nashville style spicy fried chicken and not too pricy. The stay at Carlton was very nice, a vibrant home with a lot of character and charm. The room on top was really nice and looked exactly as shown on the pictures. The area around felt safe and it was close to aswell restaurants as subway. Would definitely recommend this stay to others.  My husband, our 12 year old daughter and myself stayed 8 nights at Carlton & Akua’s library. We had a great time there. The description of the place is absolutely correct and the study looks exactly as on the pictures. We got what we expected. Akua and Carlton were helpful, nice and very flexible. I love old buildings so very much enjoyed staying in a famous Brooklyn brownstone. The Nostran Av metro station is about a 5 minute walk from the house, from there one can get easily and quickly to Manhattan on the A or C trains. On the way to the station we stopped at Ms. Dahlia’s Café every morning , for a nice espresso and freshly baked muffins, cupcakes, croissants. Also their omelets are delicious and the staff is very kind. All in all I recommend the place i would stay there again without hesitation. Nous avons tôt très bien accueillis par Carlton et Akua. Carlton était présent pour notre arrivée et nous montrer tout le nécessaire.  Nous disposions dun étage dans une maison qui en comprend 3. Cet étage se compose de la chambre avec 4 couchages et une salle de bain/ wc. La cuisine se trouve au rdc dans la partie habitée par Carlton et Aqua. Carlton et Akua sont décontractés et chaleureux ! Carlton and Akuas place is a gorgeous home in the middle of Bedstuy! Such a great place ! Really enjoyed it and they were very helpful! Carltons recomdenations of places was amazing Completely accurate description. A lovely space and a welcoming environment. We enjoyed our stay, slept well and soundly, and felt warm and cozy in this house. We left talking about how we will plan on staying here again if we come back to the neighborhood. (Also, Navasha is a very sweet kitty.) Carlton and Akua had been very friendly with us.  Their house has an antique charm and  the neighborhood is lively.  The metro is very close, and the A train  offers a very fast connection to Manhattan.  We would definitely want to stay longer and recommend it warmly. I visited for business for one month and staying at Carlton and Akuas place was the best decision I could have made. The bright walls  and abundant sunlight were my favorite. A spacious desk to work was definitely utilized.  The separate space for relaxing on the couch and sleeping was perfect. Its super close to public transportation. Id definitely stay here again and would recommend this lovely space to anyone. Smooth check-in / check out and great conversation. Thank you both.  Thank you Akua and Carlton for our wonderful stay at your home. Akuas Bed-Stuy Study was the perfect home away from home with two amazing hosts.  The room was perfect for a week trip to experience New York and Brooklyn, with only a 15 min journey with the subway to Manhattan. With a private bathroom and a shared kitchen you have all you need. Akua and Carlton were so welcoming and they gave us a lot of tips of what to do in the local area.   Bed-Stuy is a lively neighbourhood in Brooklyn with plenty of character and lots of nice cafes and restaurants. We would definitely come back and we are already missing the big city life.  Ane and Isabella.  Lovely hosts and comfortable accommodations.  Public transport was so simple from this spot and I really enjoyed my stay. Carlton and Akua were great hosts. Warm and easy going people with a nice home. Beautiful home and warm hosts. Spacious accommodations. Close to transit and restaurants.  This condition of this home was unacceptable.  It is old and has an old odor.  The bathroom wallpaper was rusty and torn. There are exposed wires in the bathroom.  The sheets for the futon were stained.  The linoleum on the steps was in horrible condition.  This is just to name a few of the issues. We could not stay in this home and immediately canceled our stay and left. If youre into books, a quaint neighborhood, friendly hosts. This location is for you. Carlton & Akua are a kind & interesting  couple. Their home gave me a glimpse into a bygone era with all the original trimmings, including beautiful stained glass windows, as well as creaks & moans that one might expect in a very old structure. To avoid the two-flight trip to the kitchen, I requested and received an electric kettle. A welcome addition would have been a small refrigerator unit in the room to keep drinks & food cool & fresh.  The neighborhood was lively, at times raucous, & friendly.  (Their cat, Im convinced, speaks English!  We got on quite well.) Esta fue mi primera vez utilizando Airbnb y gracias a Carlton tuve una excelente experiencia. A todo momento fue atento con nosotros por si necesitábamos algo, y nunca tuvo inconveniente con nuestros horarios o nuestro itinerario. Él y su mujer, Akua, fueron muy amenos anfitriones y tuvimos charlas geniales con ambos.  Además nos proporcionaron mucha información sobre la zona de Brooklyn en la que estábamos para poder conocer mejor el lugar. La casa de Carlton está a apenas 3 cuadras del subterráneo, lo cual fue fundamental para poder ir y volver a Manhattan con facilidad (más siendo el primer viaje allá), además está en un lugar con todas las comodidades posibles para el viajero que esté quedándose en el área (locales para hacer compras, casas de comida, etc). Me pareció una experiencia muy positiva y recomiendo mucho a Carlton para el que quiera considerarlo! Lovely stay in a beautiful Brooklyn neighborhood. Charming, lively room on a nice and centrally located street in Bed-Stuy. Recommended! La casa è molto bella, ha un fascino particolare, dalla facciata di mattoni rossi, allinterno su più piani con scala e arredi in legno. Abbiamo soggiornato nella stanza allultimo piano, molto particolare, con camino, scrivania e librerie di legno, tutto come da foto pubblicate. In alcuni punti mostra i segni del tempo ma anche questo fa parte del suo fascino. Comodissima anche per la metropolitana che è a pochi minuti (fermata Nostrand Av) e la linea A e C vi portano direttamente a Manhattan in poco tempo. Akua e Carlton sono gentili, disponibili, cordiali, è piacevole fermarsi a parlare con loro e farsi consigliare. Senza alcun dubbio consiglio di soggiornare al 224 di Hancock Street. Alberto I proprietari sono stati davvero molto gentili, disponibili, educati e simpatici. È stato un piacere conoscerli. La posizione della casa è ottima perché vicina alla stazione della metropolitana e a locali per colazione e pranzo. Il quartiere in alcune zone un po’ rumoroso e sporco. L’abitazione invece pulita ma datata. Amazing food in the local area. Had a great time. Carlton and Akua are super nice and very accommodating. What a great find! Carlton and Akua are terrific hosts! My son and loved the place. We had an amazing stay - Carlton and Akua were lovely hosts and had great neighborhood recommendations. Their home is cozy and perfectly located on a quiet street in an otherwise lively neighborhood. Carlton is a great host and was very helpful with directions, locations, places to go, etc. the room itself was not exactly what I was expecting. If you are looking to stay in an old brownstone that seems old, then this is a good place, even though it is a little run down. - Location was fab, less than 5 minute walk to nearest subway that went straight into Manhattan (40 minute journey to Times Square). Near lots of shops and cafes. On a quiet street. In centre of Brooklyn so also easy and cheap to get Uber around Brooklyn if necessary, average Uber price was $10 for 20-30 minute journey. - Accommodation consisted of the whole top floor of Carlton and Akuas home. Large living/sleeping area with double bed (v comfy), sofa, chairs, desk. Large bathroom with toilet, shower, jacuzzi bath. Clean bedding and towels.  - Carlton and Akua were very welcoming and helpful. Created sheet of local spots to visit for food/drink/music. Left us food out to snack on and had free use of their kitchen and living area. Lovely to meet your daughter also who came to visit for a night. Responded to messages quickly and were very friendly and chatted to us."	1
444	"Jane was absolutely wonder in hosting us. Her home was beautiful and she even had food and coffee ready. Then ego proof was beautiful and offered tons of options for food.  Jane is the worlds best host. I didnt talk to her personally but she emailed and messaged a lot. And I met her assistant. I have to say this was amazing. Great communicarion and honesty. And everything was as described.   Would rent again! By the way area is New Yorks best, Park Slope.. very friendly, relaxed and safe. Super appartement avec jardin dans Brooklyn. Les photos reflètent exactement léquipement et la décoration du logement, on sy sent très bien, rien ne manque. Trouver plus attentionnée que Jane nest pas possible, super communication, mille mercis !!! Janes Brooklyn Bohème apartment is an incredible find! It is a truly first class experience from the comfortable bed, to the bottle of wine, great coffee & organic cream in the refrigerator, gorgeous furnishings, huge but not intrusive flatscreen TVs, backyard for sitting in the sun, the list goes on! Janes assistant welcomed my mom when she checked in and made her completely welcome and comfortable. I will look no further for a place to recommend to my out-of-town friends. Wonderful stay at Brooklyn Bohème! Neighborhood is perfect, walkable, near the subway. Jane was very accommodating and quick to respond to questions. Apartment is lovely--unique and stylish. Very grateful for finding it! Jane was a fantastic host, and every little detail was thought of.  Her place is warm, unpretentious, clean and artsy.  We very much enjoyed the space.  She herself was also super timely and thorough in responding about the many questions I asked her. I live nearby, and she is someone who definitely takes the time to show you her place, and its many amenities.  We have children who also enjoyed the space.  The pictures and descriptions are accurate, and I highly recommend this host as well as her apartment.  We had such a wonderful experience at Janess lovely apartment! It is situated on a beautiful, tree-lined street. The location is perfect, close to the subway, restaurants and pharmacy. Her apartment is beautiful, clean and very comfortable! Jane made us feel at home and as if we were part of her family. The beds and bedding were very comfortable and clean, she has high quality linens and towels. We will definitely stay here again and will recommend her to friends and family! The house is perfect. The description of it is accurate. The location is only 5-minutes walk from the subway station, which can lead you to Manhattan in less than half an hour. The neighbourhood is quiet and beautiful. Supermarkets and restaurants and pharmacies are nearby. The most important thing is that Jane, the hostess, is thoughtful and nice. She prepared everything for us, even two subway passes, not to mention some welcoming candies. I really appreciate her passion about life, which can learn from the decoration of her house. Sincerely, I am lucky to find such a good home for my stay in New York. I definitely will come back to stay if I travel to New York again. We had a great time in NYC and an even better time in Janes Brooklyn Boheme (Website hidden by Airbnb) didnt get to meet Jane at first but her friend Maiko greeted us and checked us in with a warm smile. Jane described  her place just the way it is... cozy and relaxing. Theres a lot to do just right outside the door in park slope. Restaurants, bars, shopping, grocery stores and prospect park are only a few blocks away. If you want to feel the whole NYC vibe like we did, and take the subway system, the train stop is only about a block away ( F train, G train, R train and the N train ). Car service will only take a few minutes to be at the front door. Janes cozy place would, at times, just make us want to just stay in for the day because her place just sucks you in. Another thing is that Downtown Manhattan is only 15-20 away. All in all we had a great experience in NYC and Janes Brooklyn Boheme apt.  We also got to meet Jane. As we were leaving she was just pulling up. She was VERY nice and we got a good vibe from her like someone we would love to hangout with...maybe next time. We will most definitely stay here again.      Much Love,      Cory & Rebekah A fantastic experience, from the very beginning.  Welcoming, luxurious, plush, comfortable.  We loved it and cant wait to go back.  Wonderful beds, tons of towels, adorable second bedroom that my teenager misses desperately.  Jane and her assistant made it a memorable and happy stay.  Just terrific, I cant say enough good things. Just one word - great! The apartment is so cosy and so nicely arranged that it just feels like home.  Jane was really nice and helpful and everything went really smooth.  I was there for work and it is a perfect area to stay in - Train Station 1 Minute away and in Manhatten really quick, a lot of Restaurants, laundry etc.   I definately will come back to NY, hopefully back to this Apartment,too.   Our stay at Janes place was great and she was a wonderful host. Although we didnt meet her, her assistant took good care of us upon our arrival, when we found that Jane had left us a nice gift of a bottle of wine, as well as stocking the fridge for breakfast for our first morning. We love this neighborhood in Brooklyn and took full advantage of its proximity to great cafes, restaurants, bakeries, and shopping. We had a car with us and street parking was fairly easy. Oh, and the aesthetic of the place as you can tell from the pictures is fabulous. When we walked in the door my two teenagers said, right away: Wow! Mom, this is the coolest Airbnb ever!    The only limitation to making this the perfect stay for us, and thats just us, was that we didnt find the furniture very comfortable. The couch wasnt very comfortable to lounge on, the double bed was very hard to us, and the dining table also was not super comfortable for sitting and lingering at table. Also, although the backyard space is great, there wasnt any comfortable (to us) furniture back there either. Luckily we werent in Brooklyn primarily to relax in the apartment, and probably most people will not be there for that either, so all in all it was a great stay and we would love to go back. A visit to Janes Brooklyn apartment is Airbnb at it best! All contact was very smooth and she let us come and leave at times that suited us. Her assistant showed us around at arrival and we could enjoy complimentary chocolate, wine and much more. The decoration is fabulous and everything we needed was there. Even a back yard with a cute cat! The street is calm, with surrounding environments with cosy restaurants and interesting shopping. Close to the subway and only a 20 minutes ride to Manhattan.  Jane was a fantastic host, her apartment is beautiful and in a perfect location. Jane was incredibly helpful, answering all questions quickly and even sorting out the soccer for me on TV!  Would definitely recommend for anyone who wants to see Brooklyn & the journey into Manhattan is incredibly easy - I was working in Soho and it only took 15 minutes.  Thanks for everything Jane! I had a great week at Brooklyn Boheme, a fabulously decorated so comfortable apartment in Park Slope. The host was welcoming and lovely, and I cant wait to stay there again in the fall.   We had a great time.  Used place for 5 Boro ride.  Two block walk to R Train which ALLOWS bicycle on train.  Get off in Manhattan and you are less than one mile from starting point.    Bagel place one block away.  Breakfast diners same distance.  Three good Italian restaurants. This place aint the Brooklyn I knew 40 years ago.    When cold caught us by surprise, owner came down immediately with blankets.  Great bath. Great response time to emails. If I return, I will think about coming here. No doubt. Jane welcomed us warmly and provided a comprehensive overview of Brooklyn Boheme, neighborhood services and restaurants, transportation options, and site seeing opportunities. She familiarized us with the nearby metro station which we used throughout our stay and enabled us to visit many sites in NYC. The lodging was as charming and comfortable as we expected, interesting art and the feeling of home. It was clean and well stocked with quality bathroom products. We did not watch much TV, but it was easily accessed as was WIFI.  It provided a quiet and beautiful respite from our busy days of sight seeing.  Jane was always available by phone or text if we had questions. I would definitely book another stay at Janes airbnb. This apartment is nestled in the middle of Park Slope. A short walk to Prospect Park, mere blocks from restaurants, and 1 block from the train. Its a quick commute into Manhattan, and a destination in, and of, itself.     Jane was a lovely host. Very helpful, easy to reach, responsive, and generous. The apartment was well-appointed with amenities, and products. There is a stocked kitchen for cooking, and its a great location if you care to get delivery. Additionally, there is backyard access, which came in handy for us.    If youre looking for a cozy hideaway in one of the best neighborhoods in Brooklyn, look no further, I would absolutely stay here again! The apartment comes as advertised in a quiet neighbourhood with all the amenities required for our short stay. Although we only used the public transit system once because of my wife’s health problems it is a very short walk from the apartment.....thank you Uber for always be nearby when we needed you. I would highly recommend the apartment for a party of two but no more because the extra 2 beds were not the most comfortable. We did not meet Jane on this visit but her assistant Mayumi was very gracious and accommodated our late arrival and provided all the info we required…Thank you Mayumi.    I will definitely check to see if Brooklyn Bohème is available if we visit NYC again.    Thank you Jane for allowing us to be guests in your home. Hosts assistant met us at the apartment and explained everything. Apartment was exactly as represented. The apartment is beautiful, very clean and very well situated. It is also well equipped. The masters bedroom is very comfortable. However, its better for two people because the two single beds are uncomfortable. Weve been welcomed in the best possible way. Thank you Jane! The apartment is very comfortable, pretty and personal, equipped with all kinds of nice touches...even incense in the bathroom and great coffee for the morning. The neighborhood is lovely, leafy and quiet, but close to transport and easy to get anywhere youd want to go. Jane is tremendously attentive and responsive, and she or her niece responded to every question right away. Cant go wrong with this apartment!  It was a nice apartment to stay in. Well decorated and 10 minutes walk to the subway (if you walk slowly ). Jane was easy to discuss with. She wasnt here but her niece welcomed us and helped us when we needed it. The 2 beds (in the living room and the other bedroom in the back are good for children).  We really recommend Janes apartment !   Janes appartment is a very nice place to Explore NY from. Metro is nearby and the Brooklyn athmospere is great to be in. The appartment was very clean and fully equiped. jane was very helpfull and easy to get in toch with.love to Come back in another season. We hebben een fantastische tijd gehad in NewYork, mede omdat we een fijn BnB adres hadden. Jane is een prima gastvrouw en haar appartement was gezellig en comfortabel. Wel  was het voor onze zonen die lang zijn, lastig op de banken te slapen.  We had a great time in New York, not in the least thanks to this great BnB adress. Jane was a good host and her appartment was lively and comfortable! One small thing, because my sons are quite long, sleeping on the couches was a bit difficult. Jane was a fantastic host! She lives upstairs so she was there when we arrived and available during our stay. The apartment was clean, secure, nicely-appointed and (if its not clear from pics) FUN. Were a family of four and it worked out great.   Would definitely stay at Brooklyn Boheme again! I wish we could come back soon - what an experience! Thank you Jane for such a great stay and special thanks to Chey who was also super wonderful. Xxx Jane was very responsive when we made a last-minute booking. The place was quirky and fun--just what we were looking for! The bedroom was very comfortable, and I slept on the folding couch and was comfortable too. The neighborhood was really great, we were steps away from lots of restaurants, but it was still nice and quiet at night. Also, the room was nice and cool on a hot weekend in Brooklyn. A wonderful space, in a lovely part of Brooklyn. The apartment is relaxing and charming -- an incredibly comfortable space to feel at home in. Includes large TVs, washer/dryer units, and a private back yard. Awesome restaurants and coffee shops nearby. The Subway is close and convenient. Prospect Park isnt far, and should be explored. (Also, the internet is really fast!) I look forward to my next stay. Jane is a great host and her apartment is pretty cool! It is really cozy apartment which our groups like a lot (no just an artificial flat for renting).     The area is also great, the street is quiet with many trees and it is close to 5th Ave where are a lot of places to eat or to buy food (our recommendation is to visit the wine shop!). The subway connection to Manhattan is pretty easy (F to Jay St and then A)  - just take into account that the subway could be really busy during morning hours.     We love the place and it was a real pleasure to stay there.  We absolutely loved our stay at Janes beautiful brownstone in Park Slope.  Check in was flexible and simple- we were met by Janes lovely niece Cheyenne who lives upstairs. We were able to text her with any questions at any time :) The house has a beautiful warm ambience and energy- loved its colourful styling! Great coffee spot around the corner, quick walk to the subway and also close to Prospect park. Highly recommended!! Jane and her niece Chey were wonderful hosts. First and foremost, the place was very clean, even for this neat freak. They were so helpful for anything we needed or any questions we had, and even provided more detergent and things that were low when we wanted to do laundry. We brought 2 kids, and made it work by converting the couch to a sofa bed and bringing the big chaise lounge cushion onto the floor and using it as a mattress for the little one. They even came to make those beds for us and really made us feel welcome.  They also provided really great quality shampoos, body washes, and hand soaps.  The hosts really thought of every little detail!    Great location, especially with kids, to enjoy Prospect Park. Parking was pretty easy to find right on the street in front, too.     We didnt feel too cramped in the apartment, even with 4 people, but the bathroom got a bit crowded. All in all it was a great experience for our first ever AirBnB endeavor!  Jane was an incredible host and the property was simply amazing.  What a beautiful neighborhood that was so quiet and walkable, yet also very accessible to everything we needed.  I would highly recommend staying with Jane, and will do it myself again soon!   This place was amazing!  Jane was a great host.  I am from Brooklyn and always wanted to live in Park Slope.  The location is near food and shopping.  Its mixed amongst many different kinds of people, which for us was perfect.  Its in walking distance to Whole Foods and some great restaurants if you like a little walk or Uber drive.  We went trick or treating with our 2.5 year old and it was the best location for that as well.  The apartment is clean and funkily designed.  I will definitely stay here again. Super responsive host and fantastic, unique, warm space.  Cant say enough good things. Just finished my second stay, and it wont be my last. An incredibly comfortable and chill space. See my previous review for more. :) The apartment was very clean, quiet, comfortable and in a great location.  Just 1-1/2 blocks from the subway and close to great restaurants and shops (we especially love Colson Patisserie and the club Barbes) but on a quiet residential street.  It was perfect for us and our teenage daughter.   Jane was easy to communicate with and was waiting for us when we arrived. We really enjoyed our stay at Brooklyn Boheme - full of special touches that make the space unique with a lot of character and sex appeal. Jane was a great host - super responsive when we needed a place to stay at the last minute and attentive to our needs without hovering. The location is great. Perfect for an individual or couple. Jane is amazingly considerate and responsive. Her place was warm, comfy, cozy and super convenient. The kitchen was great especially to make meals for our little family. We would definitely recommend it and would return if available.  This apartment is beautiful and has everything you need! Its in a wonderful location, very fun and close to all amenities and transportation. Our daughter got strep throat on the trip and we were able to find a walk-in clinic on a Sunday evening, just a few blocks away, plus a pharmacy that was open til midnight, which we were super grateful for since we were coming from out of state. Jane and her family were here to greet us when we arrived.  They were warm and pleasant and made us feel right at home.  She made it very clear she was here to help us with anything we may need.  We traveled here with a relative that is a native New Yorker so we really didnt need to bother Jane with directions or suggestions  on places to go.  I am certain had we needed her she would have been available.  The apartment is beautiful and looked exactly like the pictures which we were happy to see because we picked it based on the look and location. It is only two short blocks to the train and from there you can get anywhere easily.  The neighborhood itself had a lot to offer.  With many stores,  restaurants and bars right outside your door.  We took one day to just walk around and explore the area. Prospect Park is located a few blocks away and the Brooklyn library is close as well.  We enjoyed bagels in the morning from the shop just steps from the from door.  And there are so many varieties of food close by you can try just about any kind of food your may desire. And most places deliver until the early morning hours so that was a bonus as well.  Jane also left us little gifts throughout the apartment.  A nice bottle of Prosecco,  good coffee,  chocolates and fresh oranges. The bathroom was supplied with great shampoo and conditioner.  There is a washer and dryer and that was a bonus.  We packed very light for our 9 day stay and just washed clothes as needed. I would absolutely recommend a stay here and if we travel this way again I would do all I could to book here.  Thank you Jane. This is a great apartment. Clean, cozy, really well stocked. Everything you could need has been thought of. Jane is an amazing host and couldnt be kinder and more helpful. We would definitely stay here again.  Décor is fun and bright, facilities including kitchen are clean and complete, location is perfect.  Host was responsive though we had no issues other than trying to figure out the very complete AV equipment. All pictures and descriptions were 100% and true to life.   This is a unique space with a definite charm and character to it. The host puts a lot of thought into details that matter to a traveler - fast internet, good cable, a nice kitchen, bath, bedding, and decor.    Jane is attentive and as a seasoned traveler herself, she ""gets it"" about fast response, flexibility and making you feel like you have support if needed. Dejlig lejlighed i hyggeligt og stemningsfuldt kvarter. Alt er præcis som beskrevet og Jane er opmærksom og hurtig til at svare. Janes apartment was the perfect location and style for our girls getaway week! It is charming and we loved having the extra space we wouldnt have had in a hotel. Janes place is comfortable and set up with everything you could possibly need! We felt like we were a part of the neighborhood. We walked to the corner store every day for a bagel and sat outside in the lovely backyard garden area to drink coffee. The location was great, and it was so easy to access the trains we needed. Jane was a thoughtful and generous host and we are so appreciative of her! Jane was an incredibly kind and attentive host. We felt extremely welcome in her home and we had an excellent time staying here. There were a ton of great places to eat nearby (we loved the Indian on 7th Ave. It was a short walk to the subway and easy to get into Manhattan. All in all we had a lovely time and we are very grateful for Janes kind hospitality! As great an experience as Ive ever had through airbnb. Akemi, the owner Janes assistant, greeted us cheerfully upon arrival, along with a nice bottle of Proscecco and an excellent bag of La Columbe coffee. The apartment is full of thoughtful touches that include high quality cookware, soap/cleaning products, and flatscreen tvs with extensive cable/streaming access. The mattress was extremely comfortable -- firm but with a soft and supportive surface. The apartment is also filled with diverse and interesting artworks in every room. We had some trouble with the tv remote that Akemi couldnt solve, so she contacted Jane, who quickly called us (from Italy!) to guide us through the process. The location is fantastic, right in the middle of walking distance from all the best that Park Slope has to offer -- restaurants, shops, farmers market, and the like. Parking was slightly challenging but manageable -- just have to time it right, and even if you have to pay for a few hours it didnt cost much ($1-2/hr, depending on time of day). Would return in a heartbeat! Great place, great location. Jane and Akemi were great. Our stay was great. Lots of restaurant options nearby and the train to manhatten is 2 blocks away. The space is small but clean. One double bed - the other two are singles. We managed well with 4 adults and a baby. Jane was super responsive and even had the air conditioners installed on a whim due to the warm weather. Will be back!   Brooklyn Boheme is the perfect way to settle into a Brooklyn neighborhood for a few days, within easy walking distance of great shops, coffee, restaurants, and Prospect Park.  If your plans take you into the rest of the city, you have two subway stops and a bus stop within blocks, giving you quick access to about anything you could think of.  The condo itself is fantastic.  A beautiful, well-maintained brownstone, with all the comforts of home.  Apartment was in a quiet neighborhood in Brooklyn near some restaurants, convenience/drug stores, and a few shops. Apartment was adequately neat, but I wouldn’t exactly use the term “clean.” Surprised that the apartment was at garden level; wasn’t expecting that from the ad. Furniture was remarkably vintage, which is fun to look at but not to smell (OR SLEEP ON).   Sleeping arrangements were not as advertised; very disappointing. The description lists that there are 3 “beds."" There is only one double bed, the other two ""beds"" are antique and very uncomfortable couches. In fact uncomfortable to the point that it was impossible to sleep on the couch in the main living room/kitchen area. The second couch is located in small room which can only be accessed by walking through the main bedroom (this is probably typical for NY apartments, but it was rather inconvenient/awkward for four guests).  As a family of four adults, we were expecting each person to have an actual bed, and not have to sleep on a couch. After the first night in the apartment, two guests from our group found alternative (and comfortable) lodging at a nearby hotel: Hotel Le Bleu.  Finally, the TV was not understandably functional. We contacted the host (and she provided instructions) on two separate occasions, but the third time we attempted to use it following the instructions we just gave up. Electric and chic! Amazing location. Comfortable bed. Great garden. Jane provided coffee and oranges and it was a lovely touch. Kitchen well stocked. Great art books. Jane also let me store my bags till I was ready to leave. I will stay there again  My family and I had a fantastic time in Brooklyn and NYC. Janes home is as equally comfy as it is gorgeous. Everything we needed, and then some, was available to us. Jane was the sweetest host and continued to check on us throughout our stay.    As far as getting around and recommendations - The Subway station is only 1.5 blocks away - travel time to Times Square was about 30 mins - Central Park 40 mins - seemed much faster than that though. Great bagel shop right at the corner of Janes residence. We drove to her home and parked in a garage about 2 blocks away for a $35 a day fee - $45 for SUVS. Also, highly recommend visiting the Brooklyn Botanical Gardens - beautiful and free on Tuesdays. Parking lot is right beside the main entrance - $15 flat rate fee. And dont miss walking the Brooklyn Bridge into Manhattan - amazing views - takes about 20 mins to walk the bridge - subway takes you close to the entrance. Uber is also a responsibly priced option. Our favorite restaurant in Brooklyn was Surfish Bistro - amazing Peruvian food - tasty ceviche and sangria - house made noodles to die for!   Dont hesitate staying here - its fantastic.  Jane is a great host. Always responded quickly to all our queries before our trip and always available with quick responses and proactive in making sure that everything all right with our stay. The location is close enough to Metro station. The house is smaller than what we expected but nice and cozy. We enjoyed our stay. Jane was a wonderful host,  even though we were noisy the first night and excited about seeing all our friends from around the world.  The flat had everything we needed.  It was chic and even had a garden at the back which we didnt know was there.  Thank you Jane  Un logement idéal pour une petite famille en vacances à NY. À 5 min à pied du metro Line F qui vous amène autant à Times Square quà Coney Island en 30 Minutes. Lappartement est super bien équipé: cuisine complète, laveuse sécheuse, WIi, Apple TV . Le secteur à pied est super. On trouve de tout pour se préparer des repas. Une magnifique adresse!!!! Central apartment in Park Slope that is close to subway. AC works well to cool apartment. Double bed is very comfortable.  A great location and price. We really dug the decor. Beautiful apartment, very relaxing and comfortable. Staying here is a real treat, and the neighborhood has all you can need just a minute away. Together, these made for an instant relaxation from our demanding jobs! Jane was helpful with everything and was quick to answer all our questions. Would love to go back. Fully equipped with everything you will need. Close to subway. Only few stops from manhattan and Coney Island. Lovely safe neighbourhood with great shops This is a great appartment, very funky and has everything you need. We had a lovely arrival - oranges, coffee, chocolates and milk were very welcomed. Park Slope is a very vibrant area, lots of coffee shops, delis and its so close to Prospect Park. Its a great base to explore Manhattan. Jane responded to all our queries very promptly. Thank you A beautiful flat in wonderful park slope. Fantastic host. What more can you wish for? This apartment is well located. Close to shops, restaurants, trains buses, bars and is super family friendly. Beautiful eclectic appartment 5 minutes walk from the subway and 10 minutes walk from Bryant Park. Really clean and functional and an attentive host! Great place and location! Janes house was amazing: it is located in a cozy neighborhood provided with all kind of shops and services, it is perfectly furnished, clean and comfortable. Jane has been a great host, nice and helpful for any need before and during our stay, quickly responding to all our demands. Staying at her place has contributed in making our trip to NY a wonderful experience! Jane was wonderful. Great welcome and communication. The place is amazing, beautiful and comfy. Great location with a real happy vibes.  I want to go back :) The host canceled this reservation 178 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Amazing space, wonderful host. Super responsive and friendly hostess. High recommend.  Have booked same airbnb 3 years in a row. Location is great if you are interested in exploring the Park Slope neighborhood in Brooklyn, close to restaurants, bars and shopping. Street is quaint and quiet, with the Brooklyn brownstone charm. Sin relevancias... She was super sweet and helpful. Her place was amazing and I miss it already. Great wifi service and subway was a block away. Im back to real life and Im missing her place so much. Best stay of my life! Great location in South Slope.  Lots of restaurants within walking distance and easy access to the subway.  Super funky decor and very comfortable with our two grownup kids. Janes apartment is warm and inviting (especially useful when staying in January!) - the photos reflect accurately its style. Jane was very accommodating when our flights were delayed, arriving a day late and in the middle of the night and always answered our questions quickly. The apartment is 5 minutes walk from the subway, has shops and cafes nearby but is quiet and safe. Great for visitors who want to explore New York but away from the hustle and bustle. Apartment had everything you need - including a washing machine and dryer which was perfect for our 2 week stay. It felt like home very quickly. We would definitely stay here again. Thank you Jane! Absolutely gorgeous place, we both felt at home in it. Pretty much everything you need for a stay, long or short. Jane was very responsive to any questions we had. The neighbourhood is very charming, plenty of grocery stores and eateries within a block or two. Perfect for a long-term stay of 1 week or more. If we come back, this is the place to stay again."	1
445	"Josephs place is great and he was a fantastic host by being very helpful with check in, instructions, answering any questions quickly, and giving great advice about the neighborhood and NYC.  This was out first stay in NYC, so I dont have much to compare to except for what Ive heard and makes sense for NYC places to stay. This place has lots of space and two bathrooms is ideal. The loft was a cool extra space. A/C in all rooms for your comfort. We didnt spend time with the TVs as we were enjoying NYC, but they are nice. The location is perfect. Close to absolutely everything. Walking and/or subway to great areas, and restaurants. You cant go wrong.   Great location for exploring the village and soho, very walkable in all directions and there are fantastic restaurants and amenities in the neighbourhood. Clean and well set-up, really enjoyable stay! excelente atención , ubicación, todo de primera, de volver a nueva york contactaría con Joseph, magnifico anfitrión . los siete ocupantes felices de haber estado super comodos y protegidos RICARDO ESTEBAN There were 7 of us staying at Joseph Apt. and there was plenty of room. To have two bathrooms for 7 women was great. The Apt  is decorated vey nice, the beds were so comfortable and the bedding nice and clean. Cute neighborhood with really good restaurants, subway right around the corner. Check in was easy and we were given great advice about our stay in New York. Communication with Joseph and his manager was great. Definitely would stay there again. If you’re looking for a spacious, clean and functional apartment in West Village, Joseph’s place is for you! Centrally located, this apartment is within a minute’s walk to a gourmet grocery store, wine shop, and a multitude of restaurants. We especially enjoyed the main kitchen and living area. Joseph was a conscientious and accommodating host. We hope to return again - thank you Joseph! Our stay in Josephs airbnb was super good! Just a few things to keep in mind for a better experience: - this airbnb is situated in an Ave, with that said, it sometimes gets noisy at night.  - All the windows have curtains, but they do not have black-out so at morning a lot of light comes in, but you are in NY, you want to wake up early and have a lovely cup of coffee.  But the pros opaques all the cons :) - has all whites (from very comfy blankets to towels) - the kitchen is fully equiped - so so confortable for 5 people, two bath is TOP and very difficult to find in NY.  Highly recommended for large groups!  Thanks Joseph for make our stay memorable! Amazing location. Apartment itself needs some sprucing up (bathrooms, kitchen, fixtures), but has great potential. Great for a larger family. Joseph is a very nice person and the place is located at a really convenient location (5 mins walk to NYU). Definitely recommended if you dont want to spend too much time on transportation. We had a slight issue with timings on checkin as Michael (Josephs Contact in NY) was running a little behind. Upon meeting Michael we were actually taken away from the advertised address to another address. I understand the whole cloaks and dagger thing with Airbnb in NY but some prior notice would have been fantastic. We had all our bags delivered to the original address and had to cart them around the corner (albeit less then 70metres away) which was a slight hassle. The apartment itself is on a main avenue so is quite noisy. The upstairs bedroom has an air conditioner unit however it is extremely noisy on the guest in that room ended up on the lounge. The apartment itself is spacious, in a fantastic location and having two bathrooms is amazing. All though slightly outdated the Apartment is functional and roomy (besides who comes to NY to sit inside anyway). Joseph was a great host, always contactable and easy to deal with. This location is fabulous--- so many great restaurants, sightseeing, and parks to walk to. Very easy to take a subway anywhere! The decor is very nice and beds are comfortable. AC in the bedrooms work great. We had 2 couples and my son- he slept in loft which was great. Apartment was very clean, but bathrooms could use some updating. Check in and out was very easy and Joseph has great communication. Joseph was an amazing host and the apartment was perfect! Everything you see in the picture was exactly as is in person. This place is a ""must stay"" The location is spot on. Joseph is a truly committed host, he is genuinely concerned about his guests well-being. We highly recommend this to anybody, who needs a place that sleeps up to eight people. The apartment is located in a very nice neighborhood and close to everything (do keep in mind that it’s on an avenue and not on one of the side streets). Also note that the address that is provided once you book isn’t the actual address.   We stayed in the apartment with 6 adults and a baby and there was plenty of space. The apartment is nice, but could use some maintenance (the temperature of shower is difficult to adjust and in one of the rooms the curtain had fallen down (somebody was supposed to fix it, but didn’t come). The living room is nice to hang out. The master bedroom with ensuite bathroom is very nice and the other bedroom is also nice. The third bed is in the ‘loft’, which is an open space with no door. If you want to sleep there, you cannot turn on the AC because it’s very loud.   Communication with Joseph was a bit difficult. He emphasized that it was crucial for us to be on time to meet the person who would let us in, but that person was actually late himself. He also kept emphasizing that we were not allowed to speak to anyone in the building as they werent supposed to know we were staying there through airbnb. This made it quite uncomfortable to enter/leave the building and gives you the feeling that you’re doing something wrong. We are Airbnb hosts ourselves and understand that neighbours might be an issue, but that’s the responsibility of the host not of the guests (if they adhere to the house rules of course).  He also told us a maintenance person would come, so we adjusted our schedule to that, but he never came. Joseph did allow us to leave our luggage for 2.5 hours after check-out so that was really helpful and made our departure easier. I would rate my extended stay at Josephs place as excellent!  During our stay we had need for such things as extra towels, sheets, a mid-stay cleaning, and  help figuring out the heaters.  Our hosts response was immediate in every case.  If you want to be close to the West Village, and walking distance to more great restaurants  and clubs than you can count, then this place would be a good choice. Thank you for a great stay, the location and you as a host has been great - The only thing we could put a finger on, was the condition of the apartment. There where a few things that didn’t work and it wasn’t very modern but other than that there was what we needed for our stay. Really great space!  Loved the decor and comfort. Great location near Washington Square Park, everything was either a short walk or subway hop.   The space was clean, bright and spacious even the loft had enough room to not hit your head !  The stairs up to the loft bedroom are a little narrow so watch your step.  Plenty of clean towels and hot water for all.  Having a stove, microwave, fridge and coffee maker helped to really enjoy the week for a business stay.  Great price ! Thank you Joseph for the quick responses. We had a great weeks stay at Joseph’s place. The location is ideal and you walk everywhere, if you however would like to use the bus or subway it is just at your doorstep.  The apartment is very good, we stayed 5 adults and we really enjoyed it. The beds and duvets are so comfortable!  The apartment is located on a big avenue just next to Greenwich Avenue, so of course you hear the noice from the street but it did not bother us. The communication with Joseph worked very well, he was always available and responded to our questions instantly. we had some minor problems with the heat the first day, but he sent a maintenance guy over right away and fixed it. Never had the opportunity to meet Joseph in person, but we will definitely stay here again next time we are in the city. The apartment was perfect!  Great location, huge and adorable and had everything we needed!  He’s a great host and we will stay here again! The location of this apartment was perfect.  We walked to Washington Square Park, Union Square, Whitney Museum & Chelsea Market.  There are so many great restaurants in the West Village.  The apartment is clean & comfortable.  I would recommend this apartment! Es una casa fantástica! Cómoda y acogedora, quizás menos “lujosa” en realidad de lo que muestran las fotos pero un sitio agradable y muy buen situado para visitar NY.  El anfitrión es accesible y atento para hacer que tu estancia sea lo mejor posible. Nice apartment, anyway it seems bigger on the pictures.  Had a smell of gas in the closet at the entry but the owner said us to sleep with the window open (5F outside), waiting for the repairman the next day,  unacceptable for our security so we left immediately. Too bad because this apartment seemed nice and well located. The apartment is very lovely and Joseph super friendly! Thank you for everything Joseph. If you are looking for a spacious, well decorated, spotless, centrally located place to stay in NYC you cannot beat Josephs apt. Not only was Joseph wonderful to communicate with (super fast with responses and very friendly), the apt was exactly as the photos depicted - if not a little better! There are 3 good sized bedrooms and having 2 full sized bathrooms was perfect. There were enough towels, bedding, even shampoo and a hairdryer.  Central heating / air-conditioners worked perfectly, especially in these cold NY temperatures.  Just having the ability to make breakfasts and have a quiet meal at home in the evening made our trip easier. We were 3 work colleagues on an assignment for 10 days, and the large space allowed us to share easily without tripping up over each other. The wifi was quick and we even managed to do some work from the apt. I would highly recommend staying here, especially over local hotel competition and the other offerings I found on Airbnb. Thanks Joseph! Ill be sending our friends your way! If you are looking for the perfect space and the best location in New York, this is the place. There is a bit of a walk up to this space, but you are in the Village of New York. Inside the space you will find a light and airy space with plenty of room.  The location is stellar! It is close to great food, great drinks, and shopping. Right in the center near the Flatiron, Chelsea, Tribeca, SOHO, all the coolest places that New York has to offer. I would absolutely stay here every time I come to New York. Our family of four stayed 4 nights at Joseph Eric’s apartment and found it very comfortable and spacious.  It was great to have 3 separate bedrooms and the 2 bathrooms and the living area was nicely decorated.   The neighbourhood is perfect for walking to most NYC sites, quick access to the subway and great shopping and restaurants nearby.  We found Joseph Eric to be very accommodating with check in and out and easy to communicate with.  We will definitely stay here again and highly recommend for those looking for an authentic NYC experience. Great location, clean & safe. Quick response! Tks Joseph"	1
446	Brits place was great! Clean and comfortable in a great location right near Chinatown and Little Italy. Brit was a lovely host, available to answer questions and happy to give recommendations. Typical for New York the place is small but was perfect for what my boyfriend and I needed. Great spot near train lines to get situated in Manhattan. Special rooftop access and view and Brit was very helpful.  Nice place to stay for a few nights check in was easy and convenient. Great little place in the middle of Chinatown, easy walk to subway and Little Italy. Perfect for a weekend getaway! Plus the bed was extremely comfortable and Brit is a great host. Brits apartment worked out great. The host was very willing to accommodate our check in time and easily arranged for us to pick up the key. However, a few things could have gone smoother. The address on the listing was not the correct address and when we arrived we had to wait for our point of contact to respond. In addition, check out was not clear and after attempting to contact the host I did not receive a reply until after the check out time. Overall, the apartment itself was cozy and clean and would consider staying again. You can go to Brits place, you will spend a great time! Its not perfect but its a real cosy home and the rooftop is absolutely amazing. Location is very convenient too! Thanks Brit! Brits place was comfortable and met every expectation I had. She was accommodating of me needing a later check-in and while it took a while to get me the key, she still went out of her way.  Brit is a great host with good communication. Very helpful. The Chinatown apartment is extremely convenient to everything downtown which was fantastic. I would say best suited for one guest who is looking for a place to crash.  Good stay The place was a lot smaller than what I thought from the pictures and I was concerned about the cleanliness of the place. There was trash on the bathroom floor that I had to move to the trash can (used q-tip under the sink, tissue paper on the ground, etc), and the overall premise just appeared as nobody was expecting a guest. The biggest thing was that I wasnt sure whether or not the bedsheets were cleaned before I came, and the fact that nothing seemed tidied up gave me the impression that it might not have been. I ended up booking a hotel as me and my other guest were not that comfortable staying under those circumstances. Brits place is located right near lots of shops and restaurants in Little Italy and Chinatown, so that is very convenient for people visiting NYC. The place was comfortable and quiet, but it was smaller than we had anticipated, with minimal room to put our things and settle in. In addition, the listing had said there would be wifi, but we were unable to connect when we arrived and during our entire stay because the service had been shut off. Overall, staying here was a fine experience, but we would have preferred a little more comfort for the price we paid. Good stay at Brits appartment ! Location is very convenient, you havé everything needed and communication is perfect. Thanks Brit was really nice! I really appreciate her flexibility with checkin and checkout. The apartment was clean, and she saved some space for my clothe. Communication was very good, and all the advises received about the area. The location is perfect, 5 min walking distance to metro, and full of restaurants. I definitely recommend Brits apartment, and I would stay again.  Brit was such a treat - she was easy to communicate with and very kind! Her apartment is cozy and clean - we stayed there for 9 nights and were provided with everything we needed. A highlight definitely was the roof top of the building with its amazing view! Also the apartment was a good starting point to scout out the city, with a short walking distance to the next subway station. For us, Brits place was a good fit and wed stay there again. Great location, right in heart of Chinatown. The location was great, right in the heart of the action. Britt was easy to reach at all times which was great. The only issues we had were that there was no toilet paper and after a long day of traveling we had to go run and get toilet paper and paper towel. Also, the bed was really sunken in, in the middle but nothing too terrible. Overall the location and price were great!  Nice trip due to the perfect location of the apartment. I would definetely recommend the apartment for the location.   Brit was not there at our arrival but she managed everything to get us comfortable.   A typically New Yorker apartment. The apartment is central - close rob TriBeCa, Nolita and SoHo. Also within walking distance to the subway. Good place to stay if you want somewhere to crash. This is a good deal in a really cool neighborhood.  The apartment isnt huge, but its very comfortable for one person, and Im sure it could be managed for two.  I did have one or two problems with communication, including being given the wrong address, which resulted in a somewhat awkward conversation with the landlord of a neighboring building.  But all in all, an excellent value and a very pleasant stay! Équipement + que sommaire et annonce pas conforme à la réalité (quartier et adresse) ???? Bien situé  Cher ! What you see is what you get. Set your expectation level to climb 5 flights of stairs, get in, go to sleep, wake up, shower, leave, come back at night and repeat. Do not assume anything else. No TV, no table to sit at, no room for one either. If you have luggage, youre going to have to step over it to walk around. Great place in an older building. Plenty of space for a single or a couple and nice and bright living room.  Fairly convenient location for exploring Chinatown, SoHo, or Little Italy.  Multiple subway lines within 10-15 minutes walk. Brit was very accommodating and easy to get in contact with. Her place is small but perfect for anyone traveling and spending little down time. Great location in terms of getting downtown. Subway was also a short walk. We loved the Chinatown area and walking through the park across the street! Heading up to the rooftop is a must. All around a good place to stay if youre looking for an authentic NYC experience. Lappartamento è molto piccolo, ma nulla di diverso da quanto si vede dal sito. Un matrimoniale incastrato in una minuscola camera da letto, un soggiorno barra ingresso barra cucina senza un tavolo o un divanetto e un bagno.  é vero che lappartamento si trova al 5° piano senza ascensore allinterno di un palazzo diciamo non proprio modernissimo (per usare un allegro eufemismo), ma in compenso si trova in una posizione davvero PERFETTA per esplorare Manhattan.  Contattare Brit non è stato un problema, è stata molto disponibile sia prima del nostro arrivo (ci ha mandato una mini guida con suggerimenti sui locali / risoranti migliori del quartiere) che durante il nostro soggiorno (abbiamo avuto problemi con il wifi, e si è prodigata per risolverli).  Unica cosa da migliorare è la disponibilità di asciugamani (un set per due persone che si fermano una settimana mi sembra un poco) e il singolo tristissimo rotolo di carta igienica in dotazione. Al di la di questo, direi che, tralasciando le dimensioni davvero ridotte dellappartamento delle quali comunque Brit non ha mai fatto mistero, lesperienza è stata positiva. Consigliata! Such a sweet and helpful host and the view on the roof of the freedom tower is awesome! Lovely, and accurately described location, with very good communication throughout.	0
447	"Brendans apartment was as described and in a good location.  I would recommend it if you were looking for a place to stay in nyc. Really great studio, near the Empire State Building, and the metro. Quiet by night. Ill return to this place. GREAT location--we walked everywhere!  Fabulous view out front of the Empire State Building a few blocks away.  Grand Central a few blocks away, shopping and each transportation!  Very nice!! Good, convenient location and confortable bed. Brendan was very easy to communicate with and always answered questions very rapidly. However, there were some things that could be improved: there was only one towel in the apartment and we were two guest. Also there was no table which is not so convenient if you want to eat some meals at home. Great location!!! Cant beat how convenient it was to everything and loved the city view from the bed. Easy to communicate with and really felt like we were ""living"" in NYC! Everything was good, arrival, comunication, location, etc. but the appartment was not as clean as expected."	0
448	The host was warm and friendly!!! Everything was GOOD!!! Good location, clean room, kitchen and EVERYTHING!!! Mehmet helped us with everything!!! The host was incredibly helpful. The accommodations were great, and at a great price. This is way over priced for the accommodations. Mehmet gave good instructions for check in and responding immediately to my questions.  The room was very comfortable and location was good too.  Would stay there again in the future. Very nice location and everything clean and convenient. It is a good place to stay if you visit New York for a few days. This listing is located to many food spots, the subway, and most of all the home is comfortable. I was given a quick tour upon arrival, I felt very welcome into their home. I will definitely keep this listing in mind in the future. The host was very friendly, the picture looks just like the place we stayed at. The first floor has the 1/2 bathroom available and the living room and kitchen area. The 2nd floor has the full bathroom with shower that everyone shares. I would recommend bringing shower sandals because the shower isnt in the best condition but useable. Also the bring your own sandals to use around the house because the host doesnt allow people to walk around with tennis shoes and theres some provide but I like my own stuff. And he provides towels but I recommend to bring your own. The neighborhood is a little noisy but thats how Queens is. Overall it was a great first time experience with AirBNB and the host and place was great! I recommend staying there  Very nice place This is a great place for short stay in New York. The host is very kind, and the instructions given are very helpful and convenient. Location is good also, for eight minutes walk can lead you to subway. Overall, good price and satisfied. My stay at Mehmets was comfortable. Cool location in Queens with friendly locals, and all the amenities I needed during my stay. Would stay again Host n place both are nice had good time   Only thing which I dont like is the neighbor is not nice many black people seat in groups in front of the window n shout whole day     Place in clean but no air conditioning   He should have put one small in the room  Its a clean and simple place of Mehmets house. The room is just like the photo shows. The location is convenient, 8 mins walking to subway station and Queens Plaza. Theres also a grocery store nearby, price is not expensive.    The only negative comment is the noise from the street. The host is helpful, I felt safe and secure when lived in there.  Thank you Mehmet! He is helpful.  Mehmet has a nice setup that is easy to deal with and very convenient.  It is a reasonable value for the price.  The room is nice.  The listing seems to say there is air conditioning, but there is not an air conditioner for the room.  I was by myself but it is a nice large room that could hold multiple people well.  The neighborhood was a challenge - it was very difficult for me to find a parking spot when I arrived about 10 or 10:30.  The room is right by the front of the house, and even at 12:00 PM the neighborhood hoodlums were still out playing music loud right on the front steps of the house.  I was too intimidated by them to challenge them, so I just went to sleep around 12:15.  Overall it is a reasonable value for the price. clean, responsible...I can recommend it. Host is a very nice and kind guy, my first experience in Airbnb was not bad at all. Room was neat, TV was awesome, kitchen was clean too. There were a few people gathering outside and chatted a lot, but with earplug, I blocked most of their conversation including the city noise. It wasnt a big problem to me. Very helpfull guy ..  But unfortunately we didnt have ac and its really hard to sleep or rest in the room ..   The host is really great, responds very quickly and its a nice space. Very convenient for walking in and close to the trains. The room is quite large and very private.    Its next to one of the more populated locations in Queens for shopping, so convenient to those that need to be in the area. Thanks for a nice stay! Mehmet , était présent malgré notre arrivée très tardive avec un accueil sympathique avec une  visite des lieux et info  nécessaires et utiles pour notre sejour All things are perfect. Cleanness could be better. Mehmet was a kind host who always communicated well with me as a guest and was always cordial when I saw him around the house. The room itself is big with 2 beds of good size and decent cleanliness. The location of the house is an issue though. There are a lot of suspicious people who hang around the front of the house and make alot of noise all throughout the day and night. The tv in front of the room is great and has netflix that you can enjoy which was a big plus. The cleanliness around the rest of the house is a bit suspect and ants were an issue especially in the kitchen. Overall, it was a decent stay and would recomend for a few nights. However, if you are disturbed by noise and worry about safety you might want to stay away. The host was not there when checked in. Check in process is done with a given password to access to the room. When I checked in , the previous resident/guest was still in room. I told the host that the room was not cleaned. The sheets and towel-like quilts were wrinkled and messed up. It is just not neat and cleaned. It is very funny and rude of the host that he responded it was cleaned.  I realized that it was waste of time and money to have a deal with this host.     I and my parents decided not to live there for the reserved two nights, and we had to live in a hotel by the moment.      Everything was as described. I would do business again with Mehmet. Two thumbs up!  Room accomplished what I needed, a place to spend the night.   -- biggest negative -- extremely hard to find parking!! Took me about 25 minutes! The flat was easily accessible by a door code so we could check in any time which was convenient. The location was good, close the the Queens Mall and subway. The room was basic but did the job for a quick visit and the air conditioning was great! Excellent room, just as advertised. Nice house, nice neighborhood. Love staying here! Good place to stay the stay was ok, location was about 7 mins walk from subway station and a mall, but it needed some deep cleaning. The outside is too noisy. A+ for amenities and overall comfort of the room/bed. Not as close to the subway station as I thought, it was more of a 10 minute walk than an 8 minute walk, though through a pleasant, diverse residential neighborhood. Mehmet was quick to reply to messages and queries. Overall recommended! Great. Nothing to complain He is very nice person and respectfull his place is very nice and close to transportation and many store and resturants  really I recommend his place  Exacto lo que necesitabamos...un lugar para descansar tranquilo. It was nice to stay at your home my friend. Thank you for everything I will stay a few nights more in a future The house was very convenient from the subway, mall, restaurant,etc. Very secure and private individual rooms, great amenities and supplies which will make you perfectly feel at home.  Great price with big double beds! Location okay. FYI: Do not eat at the Popeyes across the street. He night we ate there it was DRUG CITY USA!!! There were few problems with the check in, cause the host wasnt available. But since the check in, the stay was good! The radiator is a little bit annoying when at night, but Mehmet as host is a very kind and helpfull person! I would recommend you this location, if you are looking for a friendly stay with good price-performance. Good location good value good host thanks Mehmet  Okay.  Great location to stay for a couple of days. I would recommend this place to anyone who plans on staying in NYC   Wonderful weekend Mehmets apartment is exactly as advertised. I had a good amount of space to do work, the bus is literally less than a block a way and its close to a big shopping center. Very good deal. I enjoyed my stay a lot Everything was as advertised!  I would stay here again without a doubt!   Nice place. Easy to check in/out. Reasonable price. Great host. Good community. Small but cozy. Strongly recommend Mehmets place! Everything is great but the room doesnt have much space  Awesome place, two good big beds, fast internet and shopping mall nearby. Only ~40 minutes to Manhattan using public transport. Mehmet is a great host. He will make sure everything is cool during your stay. Room is huge and spacious to move around. I enjoyed my stay. Great stay. The host is very friendly and helpful. It is a safe, comfortable place and budget friendly. Close to shopping center and subway. Great deal for Nyc area! Thank you so much! A great place to stay. Everything was as described and Mehmet is a wonderful host! This is a great room for a great price. You get exactly what you see in the description, and Mehmet is extremely helpful and welcoming. Would stay here again! I went for the US Open with a friend and it was a convenient location. Room is a tad smaller than the photos but we slept comfortably for 3 nights. Good host and no interruptions. Neighborhood is a little far from things if youre used to usual bar/restaurant scene type of neighborhoods. All in all, a positive experience. Mehmet has a really nice home with a comfy bed. He was very friendly. I really enjoyed my stay in Corona. Manhattan is very easy to reach. Amazing guy. I needed to drop off my bags way earlier than his check in, and needed to stay longer than his check out is set up and he didn´t have any problems with it. Room is nice and clean. Mehmets place is super convenient and easy to access. A short walk to the Subway system its easy to negotiate anywhere. The easy access to LaGuardia is a big bonus especially with early morning flights and the LYFT ride cost about $15.  If someone expects luxury then this isnt the place. If you want well located accommodation for sleeping at a tremendous price for NYC then its great. Mehmet is accessible and courteous and a pleasure to deal with. Muy buena ubicación. Es una habitación con mucha privacidad.  Excelente  en todo Great room close to trains and plenty to eat Clean and very close to subway Well, if you are looking for stay near LGA do not look anymore, you just got lucky.  if you want to go everyday to manhattan or anywhere else in NYC than Queens, keep looking. It take ages to get anywhere far away.  The place is unfortunatelly killing itself. it is a really nice place, you get plenty of towels, shower gel.... but the place would need one really good proper deep cleaning. it looks like it is living just from the past. but anyway if you looking for shore term stay for reasonable price in NYC, you may find one. Perfect lil spot for either a couple or individual.  Clean cozy lil spot. 10 mins to train station. Great Everything was good during the living in Mehmets place. Good private room. Even though it was a last minute booking, I was able to contact the host right away. The place is very close to the trains station and conveniently located by the shopping area and restaurants. Enjoyed the space, highly recommend it! Times Square takes time 40 minutes from home. This place is fantastic near all shops and transportation.  The bedroom is large and the bed is very comfortable.i recommend staying at Mehmet!!!!!!	1
449	"Chris was an awesome host, I look forward to staying in touch with him. Place was very clean and the location was great. Great location. Clean room and comfort bed. Above all, Cool hosts Chris & Isaac. Thank you.  Chris was the best host you could possibly imagine. He checked in with us some days before our arrival und made sure that eveything works out. Although we arrived in the middle of the night, Chris was there to welcome us.  He showed us around a lot and suggested affordable tourist alternatives. We were 4 girls and all of us had such a great time in nyc!  the room was not super big but big enough for us. The appartment is very clean (theres even cleaning service) and the neighborhood is awesome too. Ive been to nyc 7 times already and this trip wasthe best!     Chris helped us out when we needed a place to stay very urgent. He is such a nice host and he was so kind to show us around. We would always come back! Everything was as described. We would recommend this place to everybody! Great neighbourhood and location, Chris was great and made sure we were confortable and he answered all our questions and recommended few really cool places.   Appartement is amazing and feels like home.  Chris Zimmer ist in einer ruhigen 2er WG mit sehr sauberem Bad und Küche. Die Wohnung ist sehr zentral gelegen- Bus, Ubahn, Supermärkte, Restaurants etc. sind leicht zu Fuß zu erreichen. Chris hilft gerne mit guten Tipps weiter. Wir hatten einen super Aufenthalt!  Chris was very welcoming when we arrived. He offered a lot of help in advance. Communication to prior to our arrival worked very well!   The apartment is clean and comfortable. There is enough room for 2-3 people. It was quiet. If you want, you can cook your own food, but Chris has plenty of restaurant recommendations.  The apartment is about 5-10 minutes by foot from the subway station.   The area is safe, a supermarket and plenty of coffee shops are close by.  The place is worth the price, especially if you are only in town for a few days and want to see a lot.   We had a very pleasant stay! Thank you!  I was with two friends at Chris place one week in April. Chris is an awesome host. He is very nice and easygoing. He helped us a lot and he gave us recommendations and tips about where to go, what to do. The apartment is exactly as in the pictures, new and clean. Its located in a quiet street, close to two areas full of cool bars, restaurants... The only objection is that the room is a bit small for three people, but perfect for two. If you like jazz music, Chris is your perfect host!! I spent a week with two friends at Chris and it was just perfect.     The neighborhood is quiet with lots of really good restaurants and bars, and its easy to take the subway to go anywhere in NYC (the F line is only 7 min walk and there are many others subway stations at 15 min walk max)    The apartment its just as shown on the photos, the room its not really big for 3 persons but as we spent all day outside it wasnt a problem for us ! Then is really clean and quiet. Note that it gets easily hot inside.    Finally, Chris is a really good host: he gave us many tips to enjoy our stay at the most and we spent awesome evening with him at a Jazz club and a speakeasy ! Thanks to him we came back with lots of good memories. And if you have any questions Chris is always here to help you :) Very good journey at NYC, many thanks to Chris: apartment was cool and he was very helpful for us with good plans, address... he’s pleasant to speak with! We recommend! Kohde oli hyvällä paikalla ja kaikki tarvittava oli saatavilla (jopa pyyhkeet, shampoot jne). Chris oli erittäin ystävällinen, auttoi mm metrolippujen ostamisessa ja suositteli ruokapaikkoja. Ainoana miinuksena oli melko ahtaat tilat, sillä meitä asui samaan aikaan 5 henkilöä kyseisessä kaksiossa.  Chris really went all the way out of his way to make our stay in NYC unforgettable. Thank you again, Chris. Super clean and really nothing to complain about. El anfitrión hizo todo lo posible para que nuestra estadía fuese lo mejor, nos aconsejó sobre lugares para visitar y cómo llegar. Su amabilidad fue más allá de sus obligaciones, ya que nos invitó a un concierto de jazz en ""Birdland"". Además nos ofreció usar lo que quisiéramos de su alacena.  El barrio es muy lindo, el departamento está a 2 cuadras de una línea de subte que conecta con dowtown y uptown, y a 2 cuadras de un muy lindo y completo supermercado. Chris was a wonderful host. He provided loads of great recommendations for things to do around NYC and even offered to help getting tickets to various events. I really appreciated how responsive he was to my communications. His apartment was immaculate, and Im a clean freak! All in all, given his laid back nature, generosity and hospitality, you will not be disappointed if you choose to stay with Chris.  My stay with Chris was wonderful. We share some of the same interests and he showed me around town. The room was clean and everything was perfect.  Loved the location of this apartment!  Many cool café’s, bars, deli’s, restaurants all within walking distance so didn’t use the kitchen at all this time.  Chris was a very friendly host and replied to all my questions/ concerns promptly.  Great having washer/ dryer in the basement, and elevator, too! Perfect neighborhood for food, drink, and people watching.  One of the best neighborhoods in NYC.  Chriss apartment is on a quiet street with easy access due to the elevator.  NO WALK UP HERE.  Great Communication, spotless clean, extremely helpful and made me feel welcome from the first minute.  This is definitely a find and will be back, for sure.   Terrific guy. A true New yorker. Got us cheap tickets to play. A+ location. Couldnt be better.  Super appart dans un quartier multiculturel authentique, calme et branché, à deux pas du métro. Nombreuses commodités (ascenseur, laverie dans limmeuble, commerces et alimentation bio à proximité).  Accueil chaleureux et prévenant de Chris. Une excellente adresse pour découvrir la ville!! Chris oli erittäin hyvä isäntä ja vastaanotti meidät todella ystävällisesti. Chris tunsi naapuruston hyvin ja osasi suositella meille hyviä ravintoloita ja baareja. Alue oli todella eloisa ja mukava. Chris oli aina hyvin tavoitettavissa ja suositteli meille erilaista ohjelmaa ja neuvoi lippujen hankinnassa esimerkiksi museoihin ja Broadwaylle. Voin suositella kohdetta lämpimästi kaikille New Yorkiin matkaaville! We didnt had the chance to meet Chris, but it was really easy to communicate with him and he was available. He also recommend us some stuffs to do closed to the apartment and the room was really nice and comfortable ! 10 minutes walk from the subway and there is many restaurants around.  It was clean and cute. Stayed at Chris apt for a week. Everything went super smooth, easy to communicate and got lots of tips to check out while being in NYC.  I would gladly come back and can recommend anyone to stay here. The location cant get any better.  Perfect location, nice room, the best host ever. Thank you Chris! The house is as nice as shown! East village is a very fun neighborhood and it is very close to restaurants and cafes. It is 9 mins from subway. We enjoyed our stay!  We never got to meet Chris but he was very communicative and welcoming. His friend Chloe checked us in and was easy to talk to too. The location of his place was great and walkable to a lot of fun places in New York. The room was spacious and clean. The neighborhood was quiet but also lively. Chriss place was close to many different restaurants and shops.  We didnt meet Chris in person but his friend Chloe was there to check us in and extremely nice and helpful (our plane had been delayed but she stayed to give us the keys). Chris also sent us several messages in advance with an abundance of things to do and see around the neighborhood as well as rush/lottery policies for broadway shows. The location was extremely convenient, with many restaurants around and a reasonable walk to the subway. The room and entire apartment were both spotless and clean. All in all a very pleasant experience! Chris is an open and friendly host and loves his City.  He sincerely went to lengths to treat us like we were good friends visiting from out-of-town, got us $40 tix to some Broadway and off-Broadways shows he has access to.  This was my first experience sharing instead of renting the whole place, and he was an excellent roommate. The apartment is very roomy, clean, and well-maintained, the neighborhood is in the cool art district walking distance to Little Italy and Chinatown, and a 5 min walk to the F subway. Dont hesitate to stay here! Chris is friendly and helpful host.  He let us stayed a few extra hours, and give us great tips about the venues in NYC and tons of neighborhood information.   Thanks to Chris, our stay in the East Village was so much fun.  Thank you!! Chris is a wonderful host and his place is a perfect place to stay while visiting NYC. He is close to the MTA and there are awesome places to eat within walking distance.  The place was clean, quiet and comfortable. Chris was laid-back and knew a lot about NYC. I would definitely recommend staying here! I would like to start off by saying that I was a very annoying guest and that if I was to rent this Airbnb to myself I  probably would have said no way. Chris went above and beyond to accommodate my questions, my missteps on being text savvy and my concerns on having it be comfortable for my kids.  Furthermore, Chris would randomly reach out with texts on local things happening in town or activities that he thought we would like.  The place was wonderful. It felt very very safe and my kids could wonder around and explore without me being on high alert.  I would definitely rent this apartment again.  Great stay with Chris, hes full of good recommendations and helpful tips!"	1
450	I got the keys from Sophies roommate who was very cool. The house had a weird architecture that you had to go up two floors and then go down on another staircase to get to the room. I had big luggage that made it hard for me. The neighborhood was safe to walk but it was noisy at night. I met Sophie on my last day and she was so nice to help with the luggage! thanks. We did not actually get to meet Sophie but her roommates, Charles & Edouard, were helpful and welcoming. The room was clean and a nice size. The location is close to subway stations and it is in a fun neighborhood. I would definitely stay here again! Sophies room was exactly as listed. Comfy bed, clean room, close walk to various subway lines, and a pretty cool neighborhood. I had some issues on arrival time, but Sophie was more than helpful in making sure I was able to check in. Sophie was a great host, amd the room is a great value for your money. Would recommend! Sophie est une hôtesse vraiment très sympa, laccueil a été super, elle nous a tout de suite mis à laise et donné ladresse dun restaurant dans le quartier. Nous avons même eu lhonneur de goûter une délicieuse tarte quelle avait faite et des petits chocolats venant de sa boutique. Lappartement est très chaleureux, le quartier hyper cool et sur, proche du métro et de magasins. Nous avons également rencontré son colocataire, gentil aussi. Je recommande à 100% cette hôtesse et jy reviendrai avec plaisir. Well hosted by Sophies roommates. Great place to stay in Brooklyn and really close to manhattan by  subway. Ill come back.  Sophie manages two rooms in this bushwick apartment. There was some miscommunication between her and the boarder in this room about our time of arrival, which resulted in the room not being cleaned before hand. But the guy was very nice and cleaned the room & restroom on same day. We were provided with a key to the front door of apartment by Leo (who lives in his separate room & and holds the lease). Its a nice, clean & cozy apartment within 5-10 minutes walk to L and M trains. Theres a shared kitchen, living room, and restroom. Laguardia and JFK are half an hour drive (more than an hour each via public transport). Laundromat is located right across the street and there are couple of grocery stores and coffee shops in the vicinity. Only thing that bothered us, that someone was playing guitar the entire night and students (living next door I guess) stay up late and party loud. In conclusion, its an inexpensive fit for a couple coming in the city for party and sight seeing.  Sophie was super friendly and convenient from the beginning. She made our early arrival very easy. The pictures matched the flat and the room was clean. Very well located only 5-10min from the M line. Thank you Sophie!	1
451	The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Very low water pressure. Nice place other than that its a good value. A little far from the city. This is in Washington Heights. Not hard to get around though.  N/a With a last minute booking Eduardo was very efficient and accommodating to our needs. A great place to stay in New York, would recommend! Electricity is awful  We enjoyed staying at Eduardos, the apartment was clean,we were provided brand new sheets and clean towels, Eduardo is very prompt in communicating and his place was perfect for traveling with kids. I would stay here again. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Eduardo was a great host~very nice and communicative. The place was a great value and fit our whole group! Lemplacement est bon et calme. On rejoint le centre de Manhattan en 30-35minutes environ. Lappartement est idéal pour une famille de 4 personnes Super easy to get in and out of the city and no issue finding free parking. Definitely not within walking distance to downtown but close to train and easy to get a cab. Great for groups. Only downsides were no tv and the beds were a little wobbly. Very clean! Muy cómodo, el super a 3 cuadras, el camión pasa en la esquina para llevarte al Subway Flat was perfect for what we needed. We have a large family so it accommodated all of us perfectly. Eduardo was responsive to all our needs. Was told by several people that the surrounding area was unsafe, however conveniently located steps away from public transportation and 2 blocks away from major shopping, Target, Costco, ect.  The place was exactly as listed. The only improvements I would recommended are for the floors to be swept and for the locks to be opened via a phone app if the host is unavailable to meet up. We had to collect the keys from a next door store and they didnt seem to know what key was ours. Otherwise, great stay!  Very worthful room. I was so satisfied with this house even it is a little far from subway station. The bed is larger than I expected. I would recommend it. Overall the stay here was okay. My only concern would be the host was unreachable after calling multiple times about entering the home. Entering the apartment was a struggle because the door was hard to open even after myself and my friends tried to open the door. We figured there was a special trick to open the door which was why I called the host to see if this was the case, no answer after 10 calls.  At that point, I went next door to ask the person who had the key, was told by host this was the case, to see if he could open the door, he said he would try. By the time we got up to the apartment door, he tried the lock while my friend called the host. Help from the host was not needed at this point because the man from next door opened the door for us. Honestly I would not stay at this location at all.  Great place to spend a night or few. Its spacious and its close by a mall. We ask Eduardo to do a late check out and he agreeded.  Last day we were out, visiting the city, and when we arrive to the apartment we found him inside with the next guests while our luggage was still inside and he didnt care.  Eduardos place was as described. Our only issue was accessing the first door because there were no directions for the keys. Im sure due to safety. But Eduardo was available right away when I called.  Die Lage ist gut, Supermarkt in 5 Min, Subway in 15 min. Die Betten bequem, kissen und decken ausreichend vorhanden.  Leider ließ die sonstige  Ausstattung und Sauberkeit zu wünschen übrig. Keine Kaffeemaschine, kein toaster, kein Wasserkocher, kein Kochbesteck und viel zu wenig geschirr und Besteck (zb nur 2 Tassen). 4 handtücher lagen gewaschen auf der kommode, die restlichen auf dem nicht allzu sauberen boden. Das bad war nicht sauber, die klobrille defekt, der föhn auch.  Den Gastgeber selber haben wir nicht kennen gelernt, der Schlüssel war unter der fußmatte. Nach New York kommen wir sicherlich wieder aber dann bestimmt in einer anderen Unterkunft. Herunter gekommene Gegend.  Dreckige Handtücher.  Muffige Bettwäsche.  Bad voller schimmel.  Dreckige Böden.  Schlecht zu erreichender Gastgeber.  Fazit: nehmt auf jedenfall ein anderes Appartement.  하루 묵었는데 만족했습니다 Place is just as described.  Great for us to crash at after a long day of exploring Bus to public transportation is conveniently located on the corner - no frills stay It was a nice, clean, and modern place that was comfortable and cozy. Would rent again. Place was as described, quiet friendly area. One issue was getting in main door of the building. Second issue is no curtains in main area of the apartment. Very little privacy from windows of apartments across the way.  It is is a very rough neighbourhood.  Was offered drugs by addicts every time I walked outside the door. Having to get key from the drug fuelled shopkeep next door is ridiculous.  Ad says you can sleep 6, more like 4 and a child on the sofa bed. On 2 sets of keys. No A.C. would be scared to try and cook something due to all the rat bait under the sink.  It was so bad and uncomfortable we booked into a hotel for the last 2 nights.  Terrible experience and would not stay there again if I got it for free. I felt ripped off that air bnb actually let places like this be rented  門口有M116公車很方便,不然走到地鐵站要15分鐘,房子比想像的小很多,打掃的人也沒打掃乾淨,床上感覺都是棉絮,房子沒有冷氣,白天很熱,晚上很涼,只有兩台很小的電風扇 Great location. Clean and plenty of sleeping space. Blocks from shopping Good bang for the buck.  For the price it is a great place but keep your expectations in check.  If you cant live without air conditioning and its a hot weather week Id pass on in.  Other than that it gets the job done. Exactly how described. The key was left for us, never met the host, but when I called he answered. I like how we never felt like we were inconveniencing anyone in their home because we had the place to ourselves and Eduardo didnt hover over us. Comfortable beds, clean towels, it was a little hot but thats how it is in the summer. Basic stay but great value! The area is not upscale or anything but if you live and work in a big city like we do, it wont phase you. Had a great time and would rent again! The appartment was simple and clean. The host was pretty fast to answer to my questions.  Nice place to spent there time. Everything was the same like in desription. Contact with owner was wery nice. Amazing place for its value! Great for a few nights with a small to medium sized group  The location of this house is very good. :) The host is very flexible about the check in timings. Me and my friends enjoyed the stay. It has a convenience store downstairs,  All apartment was filthy, especially the bathroom had hair and  dirt all over. Im sure its a lovely place but we had to leave a day early (we stayed somewhere else the night before) because my son ended up having a medical issue and he couldnt walk around another day. Hopefully next time we can make to your place.  Eduardo was very helpful in helping us get into the room, place was great for my friends and I! Cute little apartment, not too far to walk to Central Park. Parking was tough, I suggest just parking at Target & save yourself from circling the block.  Cool factor is it is near Randalls Island which was hosting a concert while we were there and we could hear it from the room!  Was provided with clean towels & sheets. It was perfect to crash after a long day of driving. Totally horrible. This was the worst place we lived in our whole trip. The apartment is so suffocating and there was very small little fan. The keys were not working properly so when we were going outside, it troubles us all the time. Not Recommended. A 10 minutes des transport pour aller dans le centre, parfait pour une famille. His place is nice, complete with basic needs to stay comfortably in short duration, and there is convenience store down steps if you need something in emergency. El método que él utiliza tanto para el checking como para el checkout es un tanto extraño, inseguro e informal. (Cualquiera puede coger las llaves, que nos las dejó escondidas en la calle bajo unos papeles de publicidad, donde cualquiera ha podido coger, y hacer una copia y luego entrar a robar). A partir de ahí uno se puede imaginar la  inseguridad y desconfianza que nos ofreció nuestro anfitrión.  En el historial de mensajes se ve como nosotros para el check out nos limitamos a seguir sus instrucciones sobre dónde depositar las llaves  en el lugar y hora acordados un día antes y así lo hicimos. Las dejamos bajo el felpudo. Si alguien las movió o las cogió es responsabilidad suya por emplear ese método. Además algo que me extraña mucho es que no subiera a recogerlas en persona cuando al bajar con las maletas, para coger el taxi que nos esperaba para llevarnos al aeropuerto, levantó la mano para saludarnos.  En cuanto a la hora del check out un día antes le informamos y no tubo inconveniente de que fuera a las 14:30, si se comprometió con los siguientes huéspedes con poco tiempo de diferencia vuelve a ser su responsabilidad y no la nuestra. Yo funcionaba solo con el wifi de su casa y he de decir que un día antes lo cambio a 5G con lo cual en algunos de nuestros teléfonos dejo de entrar la señal del wifi.  Además, ya que había entrado sin nuestro consentimiento, ( segunda vez en los 11 días que lo hace) no entiendo porque no aprovechó a limpiar y esperarnos a la hora fijada y explicarnos sus prisas por limpiar el piso para que entraran sus siguientes  inquilinos. Y yo no ignoré sus llamadas, vuelvo a repetir que funcionaba con el wifi de la casa y cuando salía de su piso perdía la conexión. El tampoco hizo ningun intento por llamar al segundo número de teléfono que tenía nuestro....,  Estoy haciendo mención solo de lo que Eduardo nos reclama. Pero si les interesa puedo hablarles de nuestra percepción de inseguridad, insalubridad, y estado en el que nos entregó el piso, con los juegos de sábanas que en absoluto estaban recién limpios y restos de comida añeja por el suelo de la cocina y la cortina del baño ya mejor no comentar. Una verdadera decepción.... Great place to stay, works out great for a group of people! A good place to stay in NYC, especially for a family of 5 such as ours! Eduardo was a great host! He responded right away to our calls and texts prior to and during the stay. I knew about Manhattan apartments, but had no idea the place would be so compact and hotter than the outside temperature. So my false expectations were the reason I was a little disappointed. I should have asked about an a/c and a tv. There was free wi-fi though. Eduardos advertisement was straight forward and the apartment was average size for Manhattan. Bunk beds in each room were full-size for top and bottom in addition to a futon in the living room. It is an apartment complex with secured entry, so there are other residents in the same building. There are places to eat walking distance, like pizzerias and Chinese food, among others. There are other stores a further walk and even a Target a few blocks down. We did Lyft and Juno, as recommended by Eduardo, for travels out of the area. There is free street parking and a neighborhood convenient store right outside the building. This is where you can get eggs, deli meat, bread and snacks; they open early and close late. If you are going to be outside your entire trip during warm weather, then this is the place for you. Unfortunately, two of us got sick and spent a chunk of our stay inside the apartment, so the heat was torturous for us inside. I encourage you to reach out to Eduardo and ask as many questions as possible, so that youre aware of what is offered and what is not. Of course, what is uncomfortable for one person, is probably not for another. So, do not make assumptions about a location, or merely be led by what I wrote or others wrote. Everyones perspective and perception is different depending on their point of reference. So, ask, ask, ask because Eduardo will respond. :-)  Happy AirB&B-ing! Everything is clean, we liked the place 10+++ Hello, we stayed in 6A during Labour Day weekend and we just wanted to let you know that we were very unsatisfied of the overall cleanliness and hygiene of the apartment. The bathroom (the tub specifically) was moldy, there was a dead cockroach under a bed, the bed sheets had not been cleaned, and we had to clean the inside of the fridge ourselves before putting our food in. We travel regularly and have stayed in many airbnbs but for the reasons mentioned above, the review reflects our experience. El alojamiento tiene varias deficiencias respecto a Decoración falta de Cortinaje, falta de puerta en Closet, vajilla de cocina para el número de huéspedes, el area del baño especialmente la Ducha y bañera con grasa de jabón lo cual le da al departamento un estado de suciedad 挺好的一个房间 The flat was a 2 bedroom apartment with 4 beds in total. On top of that, it was a sofa/couch in the living-room/kitchen.   The beds were very comfortable and wide enough for two kids or two small adults to sleep. Each bed had 4 pillows so you can adjust to sleeping with one or two layers of pillows.  All beds had clean sheets and duvet/blanket and on top of that, there were a couple of bathroom towels per bed so you dont need to bring sheets, duvets or towels. The bathroom was big enough with a medium-big bath.  We always had hot water and the fridge and freezer were working fine all the time and very clean.   The flat was very silent at night so you could sleep without any noises.   The kitchen had pans, cutlery, glasses, dishes, bowls and a couple of cups so we had enough for the four of us to have breakfast or dinner at the same time.   If you want use the underground instead of walking between 15 or 25 minutes I will suggest you to take the M116 just 10 seconds away from the flat: just going out of the flat, crossing to the street in front of you and then to the street on your left and there is a stop there. It will stop in the same corner as the underground so you can go all way down or up Manhattan.   Eduardo (the owner) was all the time in contact with us by email and all the instruction to check in and out were in time. All communications were very fluid answering our question withing minutes.  The only downside would be that the apartment doesnt have A/C (air conditioner) so in summer will be very hot to sleep there. We spent there 10 days in September and some night was a little hard to sleep because of the hot/warm weather. The only thing I would suggest is to give more than one kit of keys because we were four friends and sometimes was difficult to organise because each one wanted to go to a different place and going in and out at different times. Great place, very comfortable. Note that there is an elevator in the building! Good at responding. My friends and I had a nice stay, I would just suggest being more mindful of amenities and apartment features: windows screens, mop floors, more toilet paper, more ice, leak in shower, floor carpet for bathroom next to shower, wash cloths, etc. **cleanliness & communication** It was dirtier than expected. The cleaning fee is much too high for the way the bathroom and the couch/kitchen looked. The communication was hard until I finally just called dirrecrly. It is a good price if splitting between 4+ people but that cleaning fee... Cet appartement est un bon rapport qualité-prix. Nous y avons séjourné 1 semaine à 4. Lappartement peut accueillir jusquà 9 personnes mais je le déconseille. Il est calme, lumineux et confortable mais doit être très chaud en été. Compter 10 à 15 Minutes pour le métro le plus proche. Il y a également un bus qui passe à 2 minutes. Eduardo est très réactif.  Je conseille pour des petits budgets et des vacanciers qui seraient à New York plus de 2-3 jours. Apartment smaller of what I expected. Pricy when you compare to hotels around the area ( I had to stay a night before in the La Guardia airport -Marriot-, same price per night, a huge difference in quality), unfortunately I had already paid for the apartment. It was late to request a refund.  Squeaky beds, hard to sleep with so much noise. One of the mattress had a hole. Shower walls with mold and tub needed a little scrub. The curtains were just pieces of leftover clothes hanging from the frame of the windows. Spooky area, next door to projects. Host was unable to reach. Unresponsive when I asked questions.  Something good of the apartment is that is close to Costco. Easy to get to Times Square, also there are a few good restaurants! This place DO NOT use it. The keys did open the apartment and it was a bad place in Harlem The number 1 Airbnb spot to be at, would come back as much as I can Host should definitely improve on the Communication. I had to contact Airbnb customer service because I wasnt getting a response after several attempts of reaching out. I had multiple questions about the home, checkin and other things regarding my stay. Other than that everything was great. Great, private place. Good for groups. Perfect for groups, we where 8 and slept comfortably during our stay. Easy to get there via metro-bus and uber. Eduardo answered our questions on time and helped at our arrival at his place. It definitely worth it!	0
452	Cozy place and convenient location. About 6 min walk to subway station. The price is so good and our stay is totally worth the price. The host is kind,friendly and helpful. Wish we could come back someday.  很方便的地點,公寓還算舒適,離地鐵站走路約6分鐘,價格便宜,CP值相當高,房東人也很好! Nurcan is a great host, very helpfull and accomadating.  The location is very convienent for trains, shops etc and the appartment was always clean. Great place to stay in Sunnyside! Very safe and clean, and Nurcan was an excellent host. Nurcan, siempre estuvo muy pendiente de nosotros, desde antes de llegar quiso saber como íbamos a llegar y nos dio todas las indicaciones para llegar. las fotos coinciden con lo que esperabamos,  la habitación en general estaba muy limpio,  el baño que era lo que mas nos preocupaba siempre lo encontramos muy limpio. En realidad es muy cerca a Manhattan, tienes que caminar 6 minutos de la estación hasta el apartamento y ya en el tren puedes llegar en 20 minutos aproximadamente. Algo que nos gusto mucho es que Nurcan, nos permitió hacer el check in y el check out con mucha flexibilidad, ella va estar muy pendiente y si puede ayudar con mucho gusto lo va a hacer. Cuando llegas al apartamento,  te da un juego de llaves para que tu no tengas que molestar a nadie y puedas llegar a la hora que tu quieras. hay varios supermercados cerca al apartamento que son geniales, ya que puede conseguir cualquier cosa. En general  todo fue muy bueno lo recomendamos 100%  nurcan is an axcellent host, good communication and very helpful! Affordable, well located and very private room accommodation in New York. The access to two bathrooms it is a plus. I recommend Nurcan place and I will keep in mind for any other NY trip. Si nurcan a su se montrer très accueillante et facilitante, je reste plus réservée sur le logement à proprement dit. La chambre nest pas accueillante (un lit posé au milieu de la pièce) Lappartement est assez sale et lenvironnement bruyant. Le rapport qualité prix ne me semble pas très intéressant. Cependant la situation est très intéressante ( le quartier sympa et Manhattan très proche avec la ligne 7).  Its nice place in good neighborhood. Near this place is train 7, Starbucks, 24hours groceries and great pubs. I did stay here for 5 days and its very good base to discover New York. Everything was as described, and the neighborhood is rich in food and Queens culture. The room was great and the apt. kept very clean. Short commute to Midtown and lots of good food/coffee shops in the area. I had a good stay at Nurcan place. The apartment is near to the 7 train. Great deal, thanks Great location. Close to the no. 7 subway and it took me directly to grand central and time square. The neighborhood is expected not superb quiet. I understand its NYC. Its very safe though and easy to walk on the sidewalk.  The room is very clean and has a good size. Theres a common area for the kitchen and a small dining table. The bathroom is modern and clean, too.  Overall a good experience. Will come back next time visiting NYC. Reasonable price. Easy to go subway. Nice home owners! I only stayed here for one night because my flight got delayed. Nurcan was a lovely host. No thanks. The room was very clean along with the bathroom. I recommend this place whenever in the area! The house of Nurcan was just famouus, spacious including two clean bathrooms (we have choice!!) and a kicthen where necessar product like sugar, salt, and... are already available!  Clean room and apartment.  Great location. excellent host! Accurately described. Perfect location. Reasonably priced. 10/10 all around. This is a cozy and very clean apartment, conveniently close to the subway station stores and restaurants. Lovely place, close to restaurants and shops. Nurcan is a great host who is always ready to help you if you need it on your visit. Nice household. Handy location, train 7 close-by as well as shops and services. There are three quest rooms in this apartment and you barely meet the others, since everyones taking the maximum out of the city. Nice place to spend the night. Clean room, good value.  Warm and clean apartment. Basic amenities but no complaints there as I was working most of the time. Good value for money. close to everything and easy to get into Manhattan. Would recommend for single travelers. The lock to my room was suddenly changed without notification or explanation in such a way that any key would have opened the door Excelente! Es algo básico pero es justo lo que necesitas para pasarte unos días en NYC con buena ubicación. Lo recomiendo, creo que voy a regresar muy pronto.  The main problem of this place, in my opinion, is that the rooms dont have lockers. This is essential as the host rents all of the apartments three rooms through Airbnb. Besides, even though the place is extremely well-located, next to a central subway line, my room was not clean when I arrived. There was dust on the ground and next to the windows. The room did not smell good neither. My check-in was also complicated, because the host wasnt there when I arrived. Overall, I didnt have a good experience.  This is a great place to crash if you ever need to. Clean and comfy. If you need to get your key out of the lockbox, make sure to push down and pull the black cover off. bonjour  je suis resté que 2 nuits et je rentrais juste pour dormir donc ça suffisait amplement   We stayed with Nurcans place for 5 nights, apartment is close to subway like 7 mins walking. It is safe area , we used to come back by 9ish PM. There are few super market close by. This is a nice stay. You get exactly exactly what the ad discloses. Close to the station to the 7 train and a nice neighborhood that is quite lively! It was nice to stay away from the city and experience parts outside of it. Nurcan was very responsive and I recommend stay here for a affordable option!  You get what you pay for. First the good: Neighborhood is good, lots of restaurants, markets, coffee, laundry etc. great for traveler on s budget. The 7 train is a few blocks away and you get into the city in 15 min. Pretty convient to LGA and JFK too. It was super easy to check is as left were left in a lockbox outside as the owner doesnt reside there. That brings me to the bad. This is essentially a mini hostel, three bedrooms with a scantly furnished common area / kitchen and two baths. The larger bath doesnt seem to have a functioning shower (only tub). Bathrooms, floors, walls are all in need of a good cleaning. No decor, no charm. This is a place to crash. And given all the street noise outside the front-facing rooms (radios playing onto the night) its hard to do that. The largest issue for me was lack of clean bath linens (I was finally provided with a towel on the second day). 1 towel.  I wouldnt stay here again. Had great stay, very easy to get to all sites by subway and room is great value for money. Nurcan the host got back almost straight away when I needed her. Would defo stay again  Accommodation was perfectly fine, easily accessible, comfortable, clean.  Nurcans place is clean, there are 2 bathrooms to share for 3 bedrooms, no clutters, easy to move around. You have your own privacy because she doesnt live there but she always make it sure that her guest is comfortable. Nurcan is helpful. She let me to put my luggage in her place after checking out.  You get what you pay for.   Pros: Clean rooms; Two bathrooms; You take a subway to time square without tranferring  Cons: Hot in summer; Noisy on the street The room in Sunnyside is very cosy and not far from the Bliss str. 7 station. The Sunnyside and The Queens in general are just fine areas to live in. There are many nice restaurants and also a lot of supermarkets in the nearby area. I do recommend this place and even the neighborhood, which I like very much. Spacious room & good location Flexible check in & check out time Good deal, just hope the cleanness can be improved and maintained I liked the location. It was a pretty small place but it was very clean. Nurcan wasnt there to let me in, but everything was arranged for an easy check-in/ check-out.   The area may look a bit sketchy but I felt fine walking the streets. Also everyone was pretty helpful to me since I wasnt from there.  If youre looking for something on the cheaper side thats still pretty decent, Id 100% recommend rooming here.  Really great host! I didnt see Nurcan whilst I was there but she left thorough instructions about how to get there and how to get in. Its a little far from Manhattan but very easy to access public transport. The room is basic but perfect for sleeping in, and the neighbourhood has shops and places to eat. A great stay!  El lugar esta muy sucio y pobre mantenimiento. El baño con polvo y pelos en la bañera. No provee jabon. La ubicacion muy buena. La habitacion coincide con las fotos y es linda, excepto que el aire es muy ruidoso y esta a la altura de la cabeza. Nurcan se mantiene comunicada, pero no acepto retener mi equipaje mas alla del check out estricto de las 11 AM. Fue menos de lo que esperaba, y mi peor experiencia en airbnb. I had two nights at Nurcans place. I love the neighborhood with a lot of restaurants and grocery stores nearby. The place is just 2 blocks away from metro station, which is very convenient. The room is clean with A/C. But it is noisy though windows kept closed, because the windows are towards the street. I never met Nurcan. My bed was so dirty, the bathroom too. Had problems with shower and Wi-Fi. The area and neighbors are nice. Apartment and room were clean. Very well located, 2 blocks away from a metro stop. 窗户外为马路 开窗有点吵 Great place to stay if ur looking for something on a budget great communication with myself and the host. Cheap stay , close to Manhattan , nice neighborhood, close to Metro station . Recommend for low budget travelers. Great place! Its in a prefect location. Minutes from subway to Manhattan. Buses second from the apartment and loads of resturants and bars. I came by myself and if you like to take walks its prefect. 30-45mins to Manhattan. I recommend this place very highly. Nice clean and tidy apartment, very close to 7 train and easy to reach manhattan by that. Helpful and friendly host. The place is in a very good location, near to many public transports and stores and very few minutes from Manhattan. It is just how it looks in the pictures, no more, no less. Ideal for short term stays. Nurcan was very accessible and kind. The only downside is that the street is very noisy even at early hours, but if you dont have sleep problems this is not a big issue... Spacious and clean. A bit noisy though so if you’re a light sleeper, might wake up a few times Metroya yürüyerek 4-5 dakikada gidiyorsunuz Times Square 20 dakikada ulaşabilirsiniz  semt güvenli market ve bakkal tarzı alışveriş seçeneği çok Nurcans Apt was and to me the Perfect place to stay while you visit NYC. The room is very cozy and clean. Very Private for those looking for privacy. The location is Perfect as its located in the wonderful area of Woodside/Sunnyside Queens. Very safe and everything accessible, amenities and transportation minutes away literally. I RECOMMEND THIS PLACE 100%, you wont regret it. She made my stay very special, in my time of need and my planned vacation become 200% better than I expected. THANK YOU !! Great location , great host ! She is very friendly and helpful! The location is just perfect and fast to reach the train station, for one person you can recommend the room ... You can call you anytime and everything else is as described exactly! It was wonderful place to stay, very clean and easy to find. Highly recommended to everyone. Convinient location! 20 minutes to Manhattan. Lots of groceries around. 7th train 6-7 minutes walk. Nurcan was very sweet and attentive. Shampoo and body wash is available. Room is very basic exactly what you expect for 50-60$ a night It was very clean, location is good, try here guys Nice space, Nurcan was excellent with communication, short walk to the 7 Train, cool neighbourhood. Great location and neighborhood.  Just off the train stop from Manhattan. Quite and clean Nurcan is very quick to reply to messages and questions we had and definitely very flexible. She allowed us to leave out luggage for hours after our checkout since we didn‘t want to carry it everywhere. If you wanna visit NYC and just need a bed to sleep and a shower at the end of the day for little money, this place is great. Quite and clean Nurcan was a great host. Met up with me when I got there. Location was great. Plenty of stores around. Plenty of food places which was a big plus for me. 10 min walk to the subway which takes you downtown. Price for Nurcans place was very good. And her description of the room and pictures are very accurate. Definitely recommend this place for travelers. The apartment is very affordable and quite accessible as it is located just two avenues from the #7 train. Things are clean and neat and the host is friendly and helpful. There is some noise outside sometimes that you can hear inside but that is typical for New York City. I would recommend this apartment for those who enjoy saving money while staying in a place that is very accessible to everywhere else in New York City. Clean apt...Easy check in.....Nurcan always ready to help if I need anything.... (Website hidden by Airbnb) my book... Quick and easy spot if you just need a bed and bathroom in the city. The host was great at keeping in touch and communicating Super chic decor! If you want a room to shoot in, rent this for a day! It was quiet and we were not bothered. It was easy to call a Lyft to go to Manhattan. There werent really amenities such as wash clothes, paper towels, tissues etc. The floors were pretty gross with others hairs all over and dirt on the bathmat. The room was fine, just needed to be cleaned more and given nicer pillows. Something affordable if that stuff doesnt bother you. Nurcan was a nice host, and responded very fast to my messages. The location is very good, and the pictures are representative of the actual apartment. However, the bathroom was pretty dirty and I was not provided linnen until the last night of my stay. Overall, it is a pretty good price for what you get. This was a very spacious room in a beautiful and quiet neighborhood. Nurcan was also an excellent host. I got much needed rest! I highly recommend this location! clean and spacious. Simple and close to the train station going into Manhattan. Walking distance too to all the restaurants. Nurcan was nice and accommodating, so no complaints from me. This was a very spacious room in a beautiful and quiet neighborhood. Nurcan was also an excellent host. I got much needed rest! I highly recommend this location! 2nd time stay. 100% as described. Plenty of restaurants, grocery, everything. Very close to trains, buses. Will stay again.	1
453	Everything was great, except there was no toilet paper :( Dirty And black hairs throughout apartment. Ripped blinds in bedroom. Dirty kitchen floor.. Dirty shower. Building hallway smells like fish. Elevators dirty. We had a horrifying experience. We waited at his doorstep for couple of hours yet no answer from him. This is utterly irresponsible of him and we are still not sure why he never responded while we were left hanging in NYC with no place to stay and he did not have the decency to tell us what was going on. I absolutely advise against booking his place and will contact Airbnb to abandon him from further listing privilages. This experience was the most disappointing one for me and we went through a lot to be able to find housing and spent more money and time in the process. This owner does not deserve any further booking rights.please dont book his place or you will regret it. Airbnb as a website needs to take more responsibility to support their customers in these circumstances. All they offered us was our original Payment but the truth of the matter is that your time and planned events are not refundable and no-one including Airbnb took any responsibility over this matter. Kayo is an example of failure in human mutual trust which we all take pride in by participating in this type of business and use these websites as a result. Great place to stay, but it could have been cleaner. Kayo is a really sweet host , his place is honestly a really cozy and chill place to stay at. I️ look forward to staying again soon. The host canceled this reservation 26 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	0
454	good place with good price William was a great host and provided me with what I needed during my stay. I felt very safe in the neighborhood and in the residence. That being said, the photo does not accurately represent the property. It is not clean, it is pretty dark and it does not smell very good. Im a pretty low maintenance guy, so if I feel safe and can reasonably sleep somewhere, itll work out. But for anyone who is more than low maintenance with slightly higher standards, you are going to be disappointed. I had a great stay Will is a fantastic host! He’s down to earth, friendly, and always reliable too. If you’re looking for a humble stay in a great location, this is the place to be! ️️️️️️/️️️️️ Good place to stay the night in Manhattan. Close to all the amenities. Great location. Will was also very friendly. Dont expect a hotel room though and the bathroom could be more to be desired. But overall a pleasant stay! Great location, William is very nice. Likes others have said the bathroom could be better but apart from that all good Great host, mediocre place. Very accommodating. Quality memory-foam mattress might be good or bad for your back (some people love them). Bathroom walls, but not shower/tub, moldy. Weed smell really strong up in loft. Vertical kitchen surfaces dirty. Make sure the TV cannot be heard when laying down in the loft, because otherwise it has a terrible resonance will be on all night. Wills place is a great place if you want a cheap stay in Manhattan. Will was a cool host.	1
455	Superb apartment, clean and well-appointed and in a great location. Good communication from Oisin, who made everything very easy for us. Definitely recommended!! We really enjoyed staying at Oisins apartment in East Village. It is a great location opposite a park and there are plenty of options for restaurants and cafes. Stations are only a short walk away.   Oisin made us feel very welcome  by leaving suggestions of places that we might like to go for meals or drinks. He also left us a very nice bottle of red wine that we appreciated!   The apartment has plenty of room for 6 adults (which was the size of our group). Beds were comfortable and we were supplied with clean linen and towels. There are kitchen facilities to cook meals if required. It is an ideal place to stay and great value - we would highly recommend it. Oisin were perfect ! Very welcomed, flexible and easy to contact. Appartment is perfectly located and very nice. But windows were not enough isolated and we got really cold during the night. Floor were clean and there were no dust at all but bathrooms could have been cleaner.  O apartamento de Oisin é muito central e bem equipado. Foi local perfeito para descobrir Nova Iorque. Oisin foi muito simpático e a comunicação foi fácil. Definitivamente um lugar para repetir na nossa próxima viagem a NY!! Obrigada! Our experience at Oisins apartment was fantastic! The apartment was adorable, very clean, welcoming, in a great location and exactly what we needed. Plus there are 2 bathrooms which is a huge bonus for a group of women. They had just finished a gorgeous deck outside and the weather was lovely. The key pick up and drop off was incredibly easy. And best of all, Oisin was readily available for any questions we had throughout our stay. Thank you Oisin!! Nous sommes restés 10 jours dans l appartement et étions 6 adultes + 1 bébé. Tout est conforme à la description, appartement propre, chambres grandes et agréables, tout le nécessaire est à la disposition des voyageurs.. Le quartier est super, le métro pas très loin.. Nous recommandons l appartement Et Oisin est très sérieux ! Bref, que du positif !! We stayed in Oisins apartment for 10 days, the apartment is spacious (we were 6 people), the kitchen and living room big enough to accommodate all of us. There were two bathrooms and although the second one was very small, it helped when staying with a larger group. It also has a projector which was perfect to watch videos and listen to music. The bedrooms were all spacious. It is well located in East Village, only a 8 minute walk to the subway. Oisin was very quick to answer to all our queries and kindly left a bottle of Prosecco in the fridge at our arrival, his neighbour gave us the keys and did a quick tour of the apartment. The only negative points were the rugs in the bathrooms, the fridge and some towels which could have been cleaner. There was no iron which is helpful for longer stays, but overall we were very happy with the apartment and would recommend it to live as a real New-Yorker! We stayed for 4 nights and it was perfect. Good location even if subway is at 10-15min walk but neighborhood is amazing with a lot of restaurants and bar.  Someone waited for us at the appartment to give us the keys and showed us all the amenities. Towel for each of us already prepared on the bed.  As already said our stay was perfect. We enjoyed NYC but also our time at the appartement. Thanks Oisin and Thomas This flat has a great location for a true East Village New York Experience. Basketballs hoops across the road in Tompkins Park.  Our younger kids chilled out in the public pool session, Cool restruants cool shops whats not to like. Oisin is a very relaxed host & we loved having a barbie out back on the terrace at the rear. The apartment was comfortable for a family of 6 to relax in after sight seeing all day,  if you like spotless  &. Sterile this is not for you. It did feel a bit as if your best mate Dave had leant you his place for the weekend rather than hiring a flat. For me it was. A cool pad in a cool place with great hot showes , pristine no fun yes, We were able to connect with Oisin very quickly and made a decision to stay at this apartment. Oisin was very accommodating with our early check in request, which was extremely nice and a timesaver. The space is as pictured and we really enjoy the clean kitchen, well working air con in each room, sound system and tv. We didnt get a chance to use the balcony but it would have been a cool place for a BBQ.     The building was in the process of updating the tiles on the staircase but it wasnt very intrusive, just standard construction noise for short period of time. By the time we left the apartment, the hallway on the hosts floor was already done.     The East Village area was awesome and we immediately felt like home. We hung out at the park across the street for basketball, working out and hand ball. It was rejuvenating for guys in our early 40s. The area had awesome local vibe. Great location. Loved exploring the local gems.    Our host was super responsive via text and phone from the very beginning all the way to the end. Great recommendations on coffee and food. They obviously know the neighborhood well.  Thank you guys, you were a good host and your effort to make the experience positive was well reflected. Oisin was quick to reply and easy to communicate with. The space was awesome. We were 6 people in the space for 11 days, and we had enough space to not feel under each others feet, and yet it was intimate enough to create a nice atmosphere when we were all in there together.     Its close to some of my favourite NYC bars and restaurants. A little bit of a walk to the subway but not a problem overall.     Wifi was fast and reliable, and the coffee shop downstairs was a welcome surprise.  I would book Oisins place again if he would have me! I travel to NY frequently, his place was in the perfect location and the interior was even better! 3 big rooms with a sizable kitchen and living room! At the same time it was still cozy. The back patio was a really cool gem too that I think he undersells in the listing. Definitely worth every penny! Our questions before our arrival were dealt with quickly and courteously by Oisin.  He is so helpful and we certainly would love to stay at his charming apartment on another occasion!  One or two small queries during our stay were answered quickly and we would highly recommend this stay.  We went as a family party of 3 couples and this is perfect!  The deck was a treat as well - lovely to sit out on a hot summers night with a nice bottle of wine and tasty deli food - all easily obtainable nearby.  Thank you Oisin!   This place was fabulous, it exceeded our expectations. It has everything you could need, including some really nice perks, like the back patio. The location was walkable if you want to explore downtown, midtown and the east and west village. I would recommend this to families and a group of friends traveling to NY. Thanks for a great stay in NYC. Even though our host was out of town during our stay he ensured that we were greeted by a friend who was able to provide us with all that was needed for a safe and hassel free stay. The space was comfortable and homely and we were able to enjoy the local neighborhood. It was wonderful! Oisin was a wonderful host and we really liked the location. Would stay here again. Oisins place is fantastic!! You cannot find a better deal in NYC - the location is awesome and walking distance to tons of bars and restaurants. We felt really safe walking around late at night as well. I have been to the city several times and this has by far been my favorite neighborhood Ive stayed in. As for the unit, we had 7 ladies and never felt that it was crowded. The beds are all comfy and the place is overall pretty clean. Plus, the HUGE terrace was an added bonus - the pictures dont do this place justice at all! Oisins apartment is conveniently located about 8 minutes (walking) from the subway, in a safe neighborhood. It is spacious and was perfect for our group of 6 (4 adults and 2 kids). There is a deli across the street and a supermarket within walking distance, Trader Joes and Whole Foods are two subway stations away. Although we did not meet Oisin during our stay, he was very helpful with tips and recommendations prior to our arrival. We had a great time in  NYC! Oisin was a great host. His apartment was a good size in a fantastic location. The apartment had all amenities required for a comfortable stay. Oisin was quick with responses and was very flexible with check in and check out times. We found Oisin’s apartment to be far too unclean to stay in. Shelves next to beds were covered in mould, body fluid stained sheets where on one bed, body hairs found in another, a kitchen that was seriously grubby and utensils/equipment that you will encourage you to eat out every meal. We arrived at the apartment very late. Oisin was very accommodating and reasonable about this and stayed patiently waiting for us and on arrival explained how the projector worked (no TV just streaming services for you to log in to your own accounts) and the heat etc. After he left we turned down the beds and investigated; despite our jet lag and exhaustion no one fancied getting in to those beds! So we decamped to a Hotel across town. I messaged Oisin immediately. We didn’t return – partly as Oisin did not respond to my text and partly because to shuttle back and forth from Hotel to apartment to check if the place was now clean would have eaten in to our holiday time; but mostly because we lacked faith that a place that bad would be improved so significantly due to his poor communication. However, I just don’t think it is unreasonable to expect a basic level of hygiene straight off the bat. Oisin has subsequently supplied screen shots of his text reply – but I never received this. I received just fine other messages we did exchange. Also I was in town for a week so there was plenty of time to try me – and other methods of communication such as the AirBnb platform are available or even a phone call. In his defence Oisin, will/has claimed that I don’t understand Airbnb (frankly it isn’t a hard concept to grasp – I get you are staying in other people’s homes), that I somehow was at fault as I should have read previous feedback more closely (but I can’t comment as to how clean other people found the apartment or not), he was happy to replace sheets (he has made this comment now – after we have left town and claimed was made in the missing text), or that the kitchen is fine – amazingly this is after he saw the photos we took! I complained, both to him and AirBnb themselves, and suggested a refund resolution but he refused and suggested I was in some way holding him to ransom against a bad review posting. I’m not, I just feel aggrieved to have paid someone well over $1200 to spend 30mins in a dirty apartment. So in sum, Oisin is a nice guy who has a different standard of cleanliness to most people and will not entertain any form of rebate if you disagree. Has an very well located apartment in a great part of town and is a good communicator before you arrive. I recommend you pack mould killer, your own sheets and kitchen equipment. Oh, and ensure (Oisin thinks this is very important) that...	0
456	Had a great time Super friendly host. Highly recommend If you visit Baochens apartment.   I enjoyed staying at this place. Especially concerning the price, I think I have made a good choice. Host is very kind and share suggestions with me about lots of things.   Thanks again, Baochen and his friend. It was all very good. Baochen was super responsive to my messages all the time. It all went very smoothly. Room is nice, I even got towels. bathroom could be a bit cleaner, but its not a big deal. highly recommended. thanks Baochen! :) Amazing place, the rooms were clean and we were even provided a spare air mattress. Close to many pharmacies/convenience stores and the subway so travel to Manhattan is a breeze. The hosts were always friendly and accommodating and I highly recommend them for anyone trying to enjoy some time in newyork for a very modest price  This is a very nice place. Its close to the subway, restaurants and stores. Baochen and his housemate are welcoming and I would recommend this place. The hosts were very accommodating and super sweet. The room provided could get a little hot but overall I didnt mind. Definitely recommend! I was given an old, lumpy pillow which felt like it was filled with rice, with no pillowcase. I was not given a key to the deadbolt on the front door, and got locked out once. The bathroom was filthy, the shower curtain (actually, a liner) was moldy and too short, so water got all over the floor when I took a shower. There was no toilet paper. There was no air conditioning so the room was stifling. I had to buy a small fan in order to sleep, which I left in hopes that Baochen would get the message. see my previous comments Baochen and his roommate were really kind and friendly. The house is a little old, but Its a good option if you dont want spend too much money. Going to Manhattan is really easy by subway, and in the neiborhood you can enjoy the traditional chinese food.   Thanks Baochen and Lianjun. Nice apartment and close to the N line. 	0
457	This neighborhood in upper Ditmars is a lively scene with many neat shops and cafes. The subway takes you into the city in about 10 min once on the train. The M60 bus runs directly to the airport every 10 minutes too. Eamon is a great guy who is a wonderful host. Ill definitely be back to stay again!  Moving back to the neighborhood after some years away. It changed a lot in an up and coming way. The bad news is I think I saw Lady Gaga on Ditmars. Moving into my new place and Im glad to be back! I definitely recommend Eamons place. A handy location - half a mile walk to N train. There is a bodega downstairs and some nearby restaurants and bars as well. One block away from the express bus to LaGuardia Airport also. The flat itself is just perfect for 2 to 3 people and Eamon is a great host with plenty of local info and great communication! El alojamiento era lo que esperábamos. La localización era buena y Eamon fue atento y servicial en todo momento. Sin embargo el apartamento estaba sucio. No obstante el precio compenso. This was my second AirBnB in New York and Eamons place is hands down the best of the two. Astoria is an excellent neighbourhood with some excellent eats (Watawa sushi-best sushi Ive ever had, and Im from Vancouver) and Eamon is a great host. His communication was on time and helpful and his key arrangement is very efficient. This is my go to bnb for NY.  Lemplacement de lappartement était parfait pour prendre le métro en peu de temps pour NY, ainsi que la proximité du bus direct pour laéroport Laguardia. Nous avons juste regretté le manque de propreté à notre arrivée. Meme si nous ne comptions pas lutiliser, la télé ne fonctionnait pas.  Appartement spacieux, simple, et récupération des clefs très pratique. Eamon’s place was great. Nice and spacious. Comfortable bed. Close enough to the city while still being away from all the noise and commotion. Just a few blocks away from the subway station that takes you to the city in a couple stops. Best of all, the communication with Eamon was nice and easy. I definitely recommend staying here! The apartment was awesome! 7 min walk to the train station and super easy check in and check out process. The only down side is parking but I already knew parking was gunna suck, at least it was free parking though! Overall fit perfectly for me and Id definitely book this place again. Eamon’s apartment was perfect for a long weekend stay. The space was very clean and convenient to the subway with a quick ride into the city. The check in process was very easy. Any questions I had, Eamon responded right away! I definitely would stay here again.	1
458	"This place is beautiful and comfortable, and perfect for a young couple coming to NYC for the first time that *didnt* want the typical tourist experience. Prospect Park is your ""front yard"" and would take you a full day to explore alone. (Smorgasberg on Sundays is a must.)  Nearby, on Lincoln Street, theres a great bodega and a natural food store with a great deli. Youre in Eat24 delivery radius of Gandhi Indian and Taqueria El Patron, both recommended. Youre also right on top of Prospect Park Station, so Manhattan is always a train away, but not so close as to hear it -- like, at all. Its rare.  So: clean, quiet, comfy, close to amenities, with a great host? Why havent you booked it yet? Everything was exactly as described. Very friendly host when we needed to contact him. In a good location, close to subway, park, shops. Really enjoyed our stay Robert è stato sempre molto gentile nel rispondere alle nostre richieste di informazione. Ci ha dato indicazioni precise per reperire le chiavi dellappartamento, che è esattamente come si vede nelle foto.  La zona è perfetta sia per i trasporti pubblici che per i servizi. la metropolitana è sotto casa e cè un supermercato aperto 24/24. Look for some place else:   Let me start by saying that Robert was an excellent host. He communicated very very quickly and let us check-in early and seemed like a very nice guy. When we detected a problem with the old gas stove the first afternoon that we were there he had it looked at and fixed within the hour. Amazing.   My fiancee and I stayed here for 5 days. We are both Air BnB hosts, and travel extensively.  We moved to this place from another Brooklyn Air BnB. We both felt strongly that this place had several issues that we wanted other travelers to be aware of before thinking of booking this place.    1. The apartment sits above a subway line. Surprise!!  You can hear the noise of the train, and the announcements all night long as the trains runs 24 hours a day.  As there are some AC units in every window, you cant really shut the noise out. Even with ear plugs in I was aware of the noise.   2. The apartment has a strong odd odor likely due to the age of the building.   3. SOFT bed. The bed is really soft. I felt as though I was sleeping in a giant hammock. So if you a back sleeper your in luck, otherwise its not the best sleep.   4. General cleanliness. The place just wasnt that clean. The shower curtain was moldy, and the floors and rugs were dusty/dirty. The fridge was filthy.   5. The apartment is heated by very old radiators which you have essentially no control over so we also found quite warm at times.   6. Decor. Ok this one might have just been us. But we found it had a very dark, gloomy, almost Gothic vibe. Lots of old drippy candles and dark coloured walls/tablecloths. If you are into that look, the hey awesome, youll like this place, but we found it kind of depressing.        Отличная квартира за отличную цену. Чудесная кровать, большой телевизор в зале, хорошо оборудованная кухня. Находится рядом с метро (вечером слышно, ночью все ок), дешевые магазины недалеко от дома. В квартире чисто.  R. Kevin всегда на связи, при въезде прислал инструкцию, которая ответила на все вопросы жизни, вселенной и всего такого.  Рекомендую! Roberts apartment is not so big but really comfortable to live in . Its close to the subway, so its convenient to go anywhere. The bedroom is really comfortable to sleep but because its close to the subway so its kind of noisy. Anyway it doesnt matter for me.  And the kitchen is also really good. Robert is nice to leave some food for us. One thing I feel not so convenient is there are no hair dryer and laundry. Its  interesting that Robert told me he has no hair. He is funny. Thank you so much Robert. We did have a good time in NYC. Great if you are going just to Travel, and know the city. Not for Long stays. Great place to stay and convenient location. The apartment was perfect for our stay, the AC was a must and so nice to find (it was hard to find in other rentals) the location was perfect, right by the station that allowed us to get around Brooklyn and in to Manhattan. Yes it is close to the station like other reviews say, but it wasnt ever anything too loud and didnt keep us up at night. I could see a very light sleeper having some gripes about it. I will gladly recommend this apartment to friends traveling to NY and will look to be able to stay there again if we get lucky enough to return to NY in the future as well.  Robert is great host with a great place to stay! Outstanding location with 3 subway stations, park, good food around and grocery store. Place itself is very clean and feeling like home. Yes — building is old (constructed in 1925 I believe) and its feeling like old. But hey, feel NYC!  Some people complains on 24/7 train noises. Yes, this is so. But it all depends on your sleep. I knew that this is totally fine for me and my sleep there was not interrupted. It was great! Robert is a really good host, friendly and nice. The apartment was nice, but it was really hard to get enough sleep because of the noisy subway. However, we enjoyed it. Recommended"	1
459	This place is great, located in a nice neighborhood.  The apartment was clean and simple.  Lilly was a kind and welcoming host.  Would definitely stay there again.    Place is great! Close to a subway station, lots of great food around. Overall would highly recommend.  Great place in great location Lilly was super nice host! And the place was clean and very convenient.  I will come back here, again! The apartment is located in Lower East Side. Shops and restaurants are all located in a walking distance. The apart is well equipped, calm, comfy and sunny. We were three, 2 adults and a child of 10 years old, and it was perfect for our needs. Communicating will Lilly is very easy and always a pleasure The apartment is nice, clean and in a perfect position, close to two different subway stations.  Lilly is a very kind host and communicating with her is super easy. Lilly has a good appartement, well located and really clean !  Lilly is nice and good with communication. She let us the opportunity to leave our luggages later in the appartement. Its a great place to stay !  You can beat the location. Everything we wanted to do was near us. Small apartment but it fit three of us. I would recommend! We would highly recommend Lillys place to anyone who wants to visit NYC. We found the location to be perfect, close to subway, Chinatown, a well reviewed pizza place, great ice cream shop, in walking distance of Little Italy, the East Village, and just 2 blocks from the Tenement Museum. And best discovery for us was Erin McKennas gluten free bakery, just a block and a half away!  Lilly was very helpful, met us at the apartment, helped carry our bags, and answered all our questions. We hope to use this space again on our next return to NY! Manca il lavandino nel bagno  Situata in Chinatown in un quartiere molto sporco Our stay here was so great, the perfect place to explore New York. The apartment was small but perfectly formed, a stylish retreat at the end of a days tourist activities. And Lilly was super helpful. We really enjoyed our stay. Very clean and cosy apartment with good location near all bridges and Downtown! Appartamento situato nella zona di china town con i pro e i contro del caso.  Proprietário gentile, disponibile e appartamento pulito e ordinato.  Tutto come da premesse anzi meglio.  Consigliatissimo sopratutto per posizione e prezzo! The location is pretty good, but be prepared to work on finding a parking spot unless you want to spend $40/night in a garage. Otherwise great location for walking around and getting anywhere you may want. The place itself is tiny, but clean and very quiet. A/C is a bit noisy, but saved us from the heat. The apartment could really use some personal touch as it looks too cold and not welcoming.  Great as a place to crash though for sure. Lily was very communicative and easy to work with. Lillys place was great! This was our first time with airbnb, so we were a little nervous about what the experience would be like. It could not have been better and we couldnt have picked a better place and host. The apartment is very cute and homey and had just about everything we needed. Lilly was also super helpful and any time we had a question she replied back immediately. The location was great and there are lots of spots to eat a shop nearby, and the subway entrance was pretty close. If we ever plan another trip to NY well definitely book with Lilly again. Lilly fue una anfitriona muy buena, nos espero hasta entrada la madrugada para darnos la llave y explicarnos cosas del depto. El depto es muy lindo y limpio, tal cual muestran las fotos. La ubicacion es buena, cerca de varias estaciones de subte que te llevan a Uptown Manhattan y a Brooklyn. Sin dudas lo recomiendo y volveria a alquilarlo. All was perfect : - the place of the apartment is very good to visit the city, - the bed is comfortable, - the apart was clean, - Lilly was attentive to our needs. Many thanks. Lilly is a fantastic host— could not recommend highly enough. Location is brilliant, place is clean and well equipped. Lily was awesome! And the location is great - next to lots of unique restaurants and well connected to subway lines. Un joli petit appartement très bien placé pour passer un excellent séjour. We had a wonderful stay at Lilly’s apartment. All communication went very smoothly and Lilly was very helpful.  The apartment was cozy and very clean. The location was perfect: close to nice restaurants, bars and shops. Subway stations nearby.  Highy recommended! The apartment is more spacious than it looks in the photos. Great location between Grand metro station and Delancy/Essex stations, short walk to center of Chinatown and Little Italy. Lots of fish markets, vegetable stands, and art galleries. You can pick up ravioli, pasta, prepared foods at De Palos or other shops if you want to dine in.  Lilly was very prompt checking in and responding to questions. Nice and central. It was freezing when we arrived and the heating and hot water were especially welcome. It did take us a while find the old central heating system but once we did it was ok. Its in Chinatown and although we had trouble getting wifi to contact Lilly to tell her we had arrived it all went quite smoothly once we got internet.  Note, try the Wi-Fi at the subway station before you get there. We were travelling with a 10 month old and it was quite easy with him. We had him sleep in our bed though, there was no cot. No elevator but we werent expecting one. A light bulb in the living room was blown when we got there and on the last day the bathroom one blew which we mentioned to the host.  Overall wed probably stay again if we came back to New York. The apartment is a great choice to recover Manhattan from the southern part. You feel in between different cultures in the neighborhood. China and Italy seem to be very closed. The tenement museum and the center of photography is closed by. Apartment is small but it has everything you need. Warm shower and a good bed. Sometimes it was a little bit to cold. Sun comes in the morning. Lilly is very nice. Appartement très bien situé, proche de plusieurs stations de métro et assez proche à pieds de certains points dintérêts. Appartement propre, quartier calme . Bon rapport qualité-prix! Lillys place is clean, neat and tidy. Easy access to multiple subway lines and some cool little places nearby. We were there during a cold winter and we werent wrapt with the heating but everything else was fine. Lilly was really accomodating and check in was seamless.  Lilly is a great host and consistently available by text.  The apartment was very clean.  Neighborhood is not fancy but well located near the Delancey Essex subway and various bus lines.  The bed is very comfortable.	1
460	Miriam and her family were really nice and helpful. The room is comfortable and the location is convenient.  Vlad was a very attentive and accommodating host.  When I needed an ironing board he went out of the way to get me one (I had provided my own iron though).     The room itself was clean (but the rest of the living areas, the kitchen and bathroom and walkway did not appear that new or clean) and I was able to get good rest. The bed was comfortable. There were a total of 5 guest in a small guest house in a backyard of a house. My only complaints were the wifi not working well for most of my stay and the bathtub not draining for the first 5 days of my stay. The bathtub didnt drain for the first 5 days I was there.      As far as the neighborhood goes it felt relatively safe compared to other areas Ive been in brooklyn but I think being a male and over 6ft I also have less to worry about.  The nearest subway was about 4-5 minute walk away which is not bad in decent temperatures. But it was about 45 minutes to midtown manhattan for my commute.      If youre looking for a cheap place to stay and dont mind the aforementioned then this is the place for you.     This is my honest review. I think theres definitely room for improvement, but having said that I wasnt a bad experience, and Vlad was a nice enough guy to do everything he could to make sure my stay was good!  I came in a bit late, however my room was clean and Miriam took care off all my request , very quiet and cozy   Definitely recommend , for future stay  E. Vlad and Miriam were very awesome hosts. They live right next door and are very responsive to any problems.   The house and the room looked like the pictures. The room was well prepared upon my arrival, and was big enough with some morning sunshine. The shared bathroom and kitchen were quite clean. The heating in my room was not working at all, but Vlad was very nice and brought me an electric heater of his to solve the problem.  The neighborhood was clean and safe. There was a pub nearby where the music was very loud on Saturday nights, but apart from that the neighborhood was very quiet. There were a few laundromats and supermarkets blocks away, and the closest subway station was only 2 minutes away by foot and it took 30 minutes to go to Manhattan.   Overall, this is a very nice place to stay for the price. Vlad and Miriam were very accommodating hosts and willing to offer any assistance we needed. The 2/5 station is just one block away, which is great for getting to Manhattan. We were there for a month and it was perfect for helping to get our start in NYC. I stayed here for most of my summer. Vlad was very helpful and listened to our concerns. I learned pretty quickly that there is a bar/club that plays loud bass until 4 or 5 in the morning and that trying to get sleep on the weekends was hopeless. If you plan on sleeping on Friday or Saturday nights, I would not recommend this listing... however, its really convenient to the 2/5 trains which run through Brooklyn, then up the West and East sides of Manhattan to the Bronx, so its easy to get to many attractions/locations of interest. Overall, its mostly clean and comfortable, but run down, with the exception of a couple of rats.  Miriam and her husband Vlad, are very nice people, the room have all the necessary to stay confortable in NY, It´s nearby to subway station, grocery stores and laundry services. Vlad the landlord, always helped with my petitions. This place is great to stay and meet New York. Hosts were very nice and easy to contact. Everything went excellent with hosts. There was no ventilation so sleeping was hard because there was very hot. There was couple of mosquitos every night and we get some stings on our skin every night.   It was such a nice experience staying here. Affordable price, near to transportation. It was little bit afraid when came first but it was pretty comfortable. Host was very nice since he accepted all my request during staying. I recommend this place to travelers who want to save money and stay comfortably. It will be good for staying. Bathroom was little bit dirty but still not so uncomfortable to use.  Vlad was accommodating and the place was as expected. As a previous reviewer mentioned, one should be aware that there is a very loud club nearby that makes it difficult to sleep. An area that could be improved is the bathroom. The shower appeared to have mold, and some basic amenities like toilet paper and soap were missing. Nice place, close to subway station Vlad was very helpful in providing whatever we wanted. Would definitely recommend the place to anyone looking to stay in a well connected place in Brooklyn.	0
461	Good place, good communication, great host  I lived here for 9 days. It was very chill and fun. Hung out with some of the (Hidden by Airbnb) . Daniel is very easy going and helpful. The area is very safe and has little italy and china town at a very short walking distance. The room was amazingly quiet for NYC. The place is really tidy and the room is nice. James is a good host, we didnt get to see him due to our schedule but he was available when we needed to.  The neighborhood can be really nice when you get to know it.  The subway is amazingly close!   I would definitely recommend this place. Daniel was great at communication. My room was exactly what I needed: quiet, I slept comfortably, I had space to unpack my bag, I had a desk, great wifi, and the whole place was very clean. Bathroom was always available and clean. I didnt need to use the kitchen as there was so much great food and coffee/bars nearby. Several public transport options super close by, as well as a great base to head south to Wall St area, head East across the Williamsburg Bridge, West for Soho and North for Union square area (and obviously all of uptown). One block from the main action of Chinatown and Little Italy, as well as live music of the Lower East Side. Thanks for having me! Great location, accommodating host, excellent value.  Habitación simple pero cómoda con buena ubicación. La limpieza debe mejorarse, pero para NYC estaba bastante bien. Great flat! Very calm and central, the hosts are very nice, I recommend this place!  La habitacion cumplía con lo establecido en el portal, teniendo lo basico para poder alojar comodamente, y de manera privada. Se puede descansar tranquilamente porque no hay ruidos ni otras molestias. A lo mejor lo que se debería indicar que el departamento se encuentra en un cuarto piso, en un edificio sin ascensor, para que sepan las personas que tienen problemas de movilidad o que llevan mucho equipaje. Tiene buena ubicacion, a una cuadra de una estacion del metro, y con acceso cercano a lavanderia y lugares para comer (cafeteria y locales de comida rapida).  Comfortable room to sleep, with AC (important for the summer) and really good light through the window. Not too much space to hang out in the apt. I did not see much of my roommates but that was fine for me.  Host was very friendly and went out of his way to accommodate my last minute reservation! Place was clean and very close to incredible restaurants  Clean, basics covered, dbl bed with air con and close to the subway in lower east side.  Great location, quiet apartment right by the train as well as restaurants. Would recommend to an independent traveler who knows the city well and doesnt need a host around as you will mostly be on your own here, but for me this works perfect! Will stay again. A simple and reasonably clean room, excellent kitchen and bathroom facilities for a LES apartment. Really eclectic neighbourhood with china town, Little Italy and the East and central Village literally 15 minutes walk. Two blocks from the subway and a short walk to the Williamsburg bridge. Helpful hosts who told me some great hints around the hood. Will definitely stay here again. Very good located apartment, also for solo travelers a good neighborhood. Sean welcomed me very friendly with good coffee and nice tips. Would stay again. Thank you! Gute Lage! Check in/check out verlief Reibungslos! Kleines Zimmer, für Allein-Reisende optimal. Fragen vorab wurden sehr schnell beantwortet. Great value for money! Nice location and friendly hosting. The place is in a great location. Its walking distance to several great food places and bars. It was my first time staying in LES and I most definitely enjoyed it. The apartment was very quiet and I was able to get a lot of work done during the day time.  The roommates were polite and mostly kept to themselves. Excellent value for money, great location, decent standard of cleanliness, smooth check-in.  Highly recommended. Great location and value for money. The room is quiet and clean. The host has other short term guest staying. I didnt let this get in the way of my stay but others may.	1
462	Very nice atmosphere and host. Nice price. We enjoyed our stay at Dilans apartment quite a bit.  The place was clean, with somewhat minimalistic decor, which was great for us, since we were traveling with two curious little kids.  We particularly enjoyed having 2 separate bedrooms and a well equipped kitchen.  Dilan was extremely responsive and let us check in a few hours earlier.    The location of the apartment is in the wonderfully vibrant part of Astoria, with a ton of interesting restaurants, food shopping options and any conceivable convenience within arms reach (e.g. Starbucks, CVS, laundromat, bank, etc). The subway station is within 5 mins walk, and takes you directly to midtown in 10 mins.  All in all, a great option to stay while visiting NYC!   Dilans place was the perfect apartment for my stay in Astoria. He was very responsive and made sure I had all the information I needed for my stay. Both bedrooms were very clean, fresh linens and towels, working wifi and tv everything was perfect, I would stay here again.  Great place! Walking distance to subway. Easy check in and check out. Had no problems! Will be back again. Thanks for having us Dilan :)  The place is pretty good, and Dilan is so nice to us. Place is clean but very sparse!   The apartment is comfortable and very clean. It is in a good neighborhood with all different kinds of restaurants just a few minutes away but its surprisingly calm, almost no noise at night.  We stayed very well. Very nice and comfortable apartment to move all over ny. Well connected to the metro and in a very quiet area with many restaurants. Dilan was very kind and very accurate in the information requested. I absolutely recommend this solution. Uno no necesita más, el apartamento tiene lo básico y es suficiente. Está localizado muy cerca del final de una línea de metro que lo lleva a uno a todos lados en NYC. Volvería otra vez a quedarme allá. Dilon was very responsive to us.  Our flight out of LaGuardia was cancelled and we booked with Dilon on very short notice.  He was very accommodating.  The apartment is very basic but was comfortable and met our needs perfectly.  It is in a quiet, family oriented neighborhood with many restaurants, tavernas, bakeries, etc.   As described great comms and great place thanks  Nice apartment in Queens. Clean, comfortable for 5-6 people. Great place close to the train and local restaurants and shopping. Quick train ride to Manhattan. Nice to have the privacy of an entire apartment, other tenants were quiet and friendly. Would stay again! As i was new i was lost in subway and was late like an hour. Host left the house wasnt able to get in and doesnt answer my phone. I had to find motel in middle to night and wasnt able to get refund for the house i wasnt able to get in. Good place for visiting NYC, close to the subway.  Quiet and safe area. Great location. Just two blocks away from the N line which goes all the way down New York. I can not iterate enough just how easy it was to get around because of this convenient location. Location is good, easy access to subway. Lots of restaurants close and good access to the airport (LGA). Communication with host was not easy, and he was not quick to respond (listed phone number was not the communication method). There is a potential problem with pests in one of the rooms, a number of us woke up with bites (either fleas or bed bugs). Due to unforeseen flooding the host cancelled my reservation the morning 4 adults from Italy came to the U.S. I was emailed via the App and was not immediately called/texted even tho Dilan had requested my cell days earlier to have a way to communicate. What could have made it tolerable was to attempt or advise another locations. However, whats made it tremendously worse is it appears that I am only being refunded the payment for the per night room cost. No redund for the cleaning fee or service fee. Also note that I couldnt even stay in the apartment and I am being charged those charges. I emailed and have yet to hear back from the owner. Dilan canceled the night before my familys arrival, saying his apartment was flooded. We were lucky to find another place in the neighborhood, as there was only one place left. However, Dilan hasnt cancelled my booking, making it impossible to get a refund. Book at your own risk. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting.	0
463	조용하고 쾌적한 숙소였습니다. 도보 7~8분 거리에 위치한 지하철을 이용하여 맨하탄까지 이동이 편리합니다. 호스트도 친절하며 문의에 상세하게 답해주었습니다. Very nice apartment in a quiet neighborhood. Easy to go to Manhattan by subway. Friendly and responsive host. Highly recommended! Juliets place is nice! exactly what we need for our time in NYC. Great location! Not far from Manhattan or LGA. I would definitely stay there again. Juliet’s place is perfect for a trip to this awesome city! Astoria is a great area and this apartment is perfectly located to check out the local scene and make your way into Manhattan. Apartment was clean, bed was comfy and Juliet made check in super easy too! Excelente alojamiento muy limpio y con una excelente ubicacion. Totalmente recomendable My family and I (two adults and a small child) stayed here for four weeks.  We were relocating to NYC and needed a place to base ourselves while looking for more permanent housing.  At first, all seemed good.  The apartment is clean and in a convenient location.  About a week into our stay though, the spring in the curtain rod in the bedroom gave out.  I respectfully asked the host to please replace or fix it, as it meant no curtains or privacy in the bedroom, and was met with a hostile response that if we wanted it fixed, we would need to pay for it ourselves because she couldn’t afford it.  A few days later, we found a legal notice on the door, threatening to commence eviction proceedings against the host for nonpayment of four months of rent, in excess of $8000.  I informed her right away; she shrugged it off, saying that the building’s management company had had problems processing her rent payments.  Of course, this did not sound credible at all, and I was terrified that she would be served with an eviction notice and my family would be on the street in the middle of winter.  I considered informing Airbnb at that point, but since we had not yet secured other housing, I was concerned they might just refund our money and we would be left without a place to stay, so decided to stick it out.  Two weeks or so later, there was an invoice under the door from the management for $6000+ (three months’ rent and late fees). It then became evident that the host is purposely not paying her rent, or paying the bare minimum to stave off eviction proceedings, and pocketing the rest of the Airbnb money.  The final issue was that when I initially made the reservation, the host had requested a security deposit.  Given our long-term stay, this did not seem unreasonable at the time.  But as I became aware of the host’s business practices, I grew concerned that I would not see my deposit returned.  Sure enough, on the day we were set to check out, she was suddenly “unavailable” to do a walk-through of the apartment and said she would refund the deposit later.  I told her that I was not comfortable checking out without my deposit in hand, and she eventually agreed to accept pictures of the unit and refunded the money through Airbnb.  Great.  EXCEPT… a few hours later, I received a notification from Airbnb saying that the refund had been “delayed.”  I contacted the host, who claimed to not know what the problem was.  I had to involve Airbnb, who said there was “a problem with the account” but thankfully with Airbnb’s help I got the money back.  I normally prefer not to write a review than to leave a bad one, but I would not want anyone to have my experience.  There are many other hosts in NYC.  Stay elsewhere. Apartment is clean and spacious. Very conveniently located to everything. Had a great time exploring the neighborhood. Juliet was communicative and even took time to give us a walkthrough of the apartment (amidst a snow storm). Our only complaint was that there are no curtains for privacy, felt a bit awkward.	0
464	Great room in great location with a great host! Irena was very nice and the whole experience was very pleasant. Room small but perfectly fine, esp for NYC. Apartment building itself is a bit run down looking but room quieter than expected, has a fan which is important for warmer months, and the private bath is a bonus. Ill be back another time soon! Esperienza positiva. La camera era piccola ma confortevole, con un piccolo frigo, un appendiabiti ampio e il bagno privato, con doccia. Irena e molto gentile e premurosa, ma anche molto discreta. Lappartamento si trova in una zona centrale di Manhattan, molto ben collegata. La fermata della metropolitana e a non più di 5 minuti a piedi.  Adorei ter me hospedado com a Irena e sua irmã. Foram gentis, atenciosas e prestativas. O quarto é ótimo, e o banheiro privativo foi um bônus pra valorizar o lugar. O bairro é super tranquilo, com mercados e restaurantes bem próximos, e fica bem perto do metrô. Gostei muito, recomendo, e me hospedaria lá de novo, com certeza! Ottima l accoglienza Irene è socievole ma allo stesso tempo molto riservata..ero io che cercavo lei...sembrava di non essere nella stessa casa, la camera piccola ma carina, pulita , con bagno un camera , in zona residenziale a 10 min dalla metro e 15 min da centrale Park, io ci tornerei !!!  It was really nice our stay at Irenes home. Thank you for everything. We had a great stay at Irenas house. Location is perfect, neighbourhood is so chic and my host was excellent. The room is comfortable, the bathroom is very conveniently equipped, with all details taken into consideration. We had everything we needed there. I would certainly come back to this house and I will recommend it.  It is a very warm and welcoming place, Kristina was very respectful and affectionate, the apartment is very clean, the room is cozy and very comfortable, definitely would return to visit new york and stay in their apartment girls, thank you very much! We had a great 9 days at Irenas room. Everything was really clean, tidy and comfortable. We had our private bathroom which is a big plus. Position was great. Upper east side is really nice. Subway station was 3-4 blocks away. Its within 5-10 minutes of walk. There are also plenty of bus stations in the neighborhood. They are even closer than subway. Irena was absent at the time of our arrival. She made us clear that her sister Kristina will be there to welcome us. Kristina was indeed a great and kind host. Gave us some useful information about restaurants, cafe bars and grocery stores. I would definitely recommend her room. I love this place! Very clean and private room. We could walk to lots of scenery spots, subway and bus station. Irena and Kristina are very nice and helpful. I really enjoyed myself there! Great hosts! Wonderful location close to restaurants, museums .. Very clean and comfy ... Highly recommend ...  Accoglienza fantastica di Irina e Kristine! Dospinibile per informazioni ma molto discrete in appartamento. La casa si trova in un bellissimo quartiere a 10 minuti dalla metropolitana e fermata dellautobus dietro langolo. Stanza pulita con tutto il necessario. Esperienza positiva.    Fantastic welcome by Irina and Kristine! Availables for information but very discreet in apartment. The house is located in a beautiful neighborhood just 10 minutes from the metro and bus stop is around the corner. Clean room with everything you need. Positive experience. It was my first time in New York and I couldnt have asked for a better host and accommodation. Irena was very friendly and accommodating (she waited for us even though we arrived late), the room was clean and pretty, bathroom is private right next to the room, and being in the upper east side, after sightseeing the downtown area, its a great getaway from the business of downtown. Its also a walking distance from Central Park, the subway lines, and for walkers, even from the downtown area and the shopping districts. Great experience overall! I definitely recommend staying with Irena! :) Very nice accommodations -- exactly as described. Great having my own personal bathroom. Would definitely stay here again and would recommend to anyone looking for a nice private room and bathroom in a great location. Irena and her sister welcomed us (me and my wife) very warmly. We had everything we needed in the room. Private bathroom was a huge advantage. In deed, the whole room is kind a isolated from the rest of the house. So everybody had enough privacy. Bed is comfortable for 1 person but it was not large enough for us. House is located in a very safe neighborhood and there are lots of restaurants around. Metro station is couple blocks away. In conclusion, we are very satisfied with our stay and if we come again to New York, we will surely check her house first. Thank you for your kindness.  My boyfriend and I spend two days in NYC for Thanksgiving and our hosted Irena was simply the best. Her house is lovely and the space we shared was big for NYC standards and very clean. She is very professional, welcoming and the location was great (only a few minutes away from public transportation and cabs on every corner). I would recommend anyone who needs a great place to stay for a fair price to stay at Irenas. Appartamento pulitissimo e in ottime condizioni, preparato con cura per lospite/i in arrivo e dotato di tutto il necessario! Irena e Kristine ci hanno accolto molto bene e si sono dimostrate disponibili per qualsiasi delucidazione. Lo consiglio vivamente A nossa estadia foi muito boa, o quarto é aconchegante, tínhamos frigobar e cafeteira além do apartamento ser bem tranquilo para se ficar. Nos sentimos em casa.    Ao chegarmos fomos bem recebidos e nos foi oferecido o guia da cidade e as chaves para termos livre acesso.    A localização é boa, por volta de 10 minutos do metrô.    Recomendo a todos que tenham vontade de ir à Nova York.  Obrigado    Alexandre e Natalia A 5-stars room in NYC!!! We really loved staying at Irenas home. She has a sweet personality and was always available for answering our  questions. The room is bigger than shown in the photos and include some great/useful amenities, plus some advices other travelers had left in a binder. It is located on a very nice neighborhood, very close to restaurants (cheap and expensive), metro 6 station (easiest way to downtown-uptown) and bus stops (1 bus away from central park).  We would definitely stay here again, recommended for everyone! I had a great stay with Irena and her sister. Unfortunately we had to come one day late but Irena was very easy to contact and I was able to meet her in the morning instead of the day before. The place itself was  actually better than it looked in pictures. The room is more spacious and its very convenient to have your own bathroom. When we arrived there were maps of NY, bottles of water, and coffee which were lovely additions. Amazing hosts - I would definitely stay again! The hosts were very warm, welcoming and helpful. They provide several amenities such as shampoo, blow dryer, body wash and lotion. There is a coffee pot so you can make coffee or tea in your room and a refrigerator.  The bed is comfortable, the space is cheerful ( they even had some chocolate!), clean and very well organized. There is space for all your clothing; shelves and plenty of hangers. It was delightful, comfortable and I would love to stay there again. The hosts were so kind and thoughtful.  Irena est une hôte agréable et disponible. Malgré notre arrivée tardive elle a veillé pour nous accueillir avec le sourire. La chambre et la salle de bain sont très propres. Le logement est à 10 minutes de marche de la station de métro et à proximité d une supérette. A recommandé. I had a perfect stay in this apartment. Irena and her sister were very welcoming. The apartment is located in a quite neighborhood in UES. The room is independent from the rest of the apartment with its own bathroom. Very convenient. Everything is clean and cosy. I would recommend it with no hesitation.  Irena and Kristina were the perfect hosts. The room and bathroom were very clean and with all type of facilities, towels, shower gel, shampoo, etc. Also a coffee machine and a small fridge. The house is really well connected and in a really nice area. The room is extremely quiet in the evenings and mornings, so you can have a proper rest after an intense day. Definitely, a perfect place to stay if you visit New York. Irena hat immer sofort auf alle Fragen geantwortet. Super! Die Schlüsselübergabe war reibungslos und das Zimmer wie beschrieben. Alles bestens!  My husband and I stayed at Irena for 6 days. Great location at acceptable price to visit NY. Nice, clean room. Irena and her sister are very friendly, helpful and respect your privacy. I would visit them again. I was with my boyfriend in Irenas house and we had very quiet day. the room although small is comfortable and is well located. Irena stood very affordable and enjoyed your hosting. I recommend!  Estive na casa de Irena com meu namorado e passamos ótimos dias. O quarto apesar de pequena é bastante confortável e Irena se colocou muito disponível.  O apartamento é bem localizado e foi fácil se locomover via metrô. Eu recomendo! The room was exactly as described here, it was really quiet, in a very good and safe neighbourhood. Its very close to the buses M72, M31 and M15. Irena and her sister Kristina were very welcoming and offered their help throughout our stay, with tips and all kinds of useful advice. The bed was comfortable and theres a fridge to keep cold water or fruit. Having your own bathroom is really good. Thank you for hosting us and i hope we will be back someday to NYC!! I was renting on behalf of two friends who were visiting. Irena and her sister did an outstanding job of communicating, which was reassuring, and we were able to pick up the key just fine even though they were out that evening. The room is very nice and very clean, with its own bathroom. From what I could see, the bed would have been a bit small for me and another person since Im big, but my friends said it was not a problem. All in all, a very nice experience. The accommodation was fine but the lack of an Air Conditioner in NY in the summer is a real problem. Unfortunately the fan was not functioning well either.  The location and neighborhood were excellent. We really enjoyed our stay in NYC at Irena s place! The room is as described in photos, it is super clean, bed is comfortable and bathroom is perfect as well. Room is also furnished with a coffee machine, a fan, and there is enough space to store luggages.  No need to worry about privacy! Irena and her sister are absolutely friendly and welcoming, but they are also really discrete. They always suggested places to see and visit, that made our experience even nicer.  In conclusion I would definetely recommend this room if you want to stay in a nice side of NYC, if you look for privacy, cleanliness and comfort at a reasonable and competitive price.  Thanks girls, we hope to come back again soon!!!  Elisa and Lorenzo I had a very good time at Irenas place. She was friendly and flexible, and the room was clean and exactly as described. It was nice to have a private bathroom, a small refrigerator, and enough space to put my stuff. The location was convenient, close to the subway, central park and several museums. Irena left us little water bottles, chocolates and maps which made us feel welcome. Both her and her sister came to say hi and were extremely friendly. The neighbourhood is wonderful. Lots of restaurants close by and all the attractions are within walking distance. The description is very accurate. Staying at Irenas was great! Her apartment is exactly as described in a  very safe neighborhood, and very conveniently located (10 minutes on foot to the nearest metro, 20 min to Central Park). Although she was not there when we first arrived, she made it very easy for us to pick up the key and enter the apartment. Although we didnt have a chance to see much of her due to our very busy schedule, Irena was very prompt in answering to all our questions! All in all, our stay was very pleasant and we will definitely recommend her to everyone we know.  Irenas place is great: its exactly as descibed, extremely clean and in a quiet, safe street;its also near to underground (10 min.) and Central Park (20min.). In the room youll find essentials, a small fridge, a coffee maker and lots of maps and infos about NY. Kristina (Irenas sister) proved to be the perfect host, always helpful and ready to answer our questions: we had a really great time...thank you girls!!!!! 房主是一个俄罗斯mm,很友善,给我们推荐了附近的餐馆,房间收拾得也很干净,但是房间确实小了点儿,没办法,曼哈顿寸土寸金,尤其还是在上东区。独立的卫生间简直太方便了!唯一不足就是离地铁站有点远…… Great stay in a beautiful apartment in a very nice neighborhood, not troo tourist, the real life of New Yorker, irina is really nice and the home is top, new york plan and information placed at our avail, the fridge these really good. to summarize, really well, thank you, and probably has soon. Irena and her sister are very nice and sweet host, they made sure we had a great stay at their place. Were very responsive in communication before  and during our stay.  Gave us great breakfast recommendation and left helpful maps in the (Website hidden by Airbnb) room is super clean with nice little touches, it having your own bath is a great deal when booking in NYC when you are out early and back late night so it worked great for us. Location was also ideal for our itinerary, we took 2 trains to get there from JFK, about 1 hr. A walk to the Met is probably 25min with nice sightseeing of the Upper East Side through Madisson, Park or 5th Ave. 3 blocks from it there is a cute little coffee place. Closest subway is about a 10 min walk and no big deal because if you are in NYC walking and taking it all in is part of the experience. I would definitely recommend staying here.  This was my first time using Airbnb..and I have to say that it was a very pleasant experience. I couldnt have had a nicer, sweeter more welcoming host. Irena was a phenomenal host with the desire to ensure our stay was as comfortable at all.  She made every effort to ensure our stay was as comfortable as could be..to the extent that she allowed us to leave our luggage in the apartment before and after our stay so that we wouldnt have to lug hem around before checking in and after checking out. The apartment is very well situated...super close to public transportation, Central Park and many museums. The room was very cozy with a private bathroom. And it was very peaceful...we didnt hear any sirens, horns or anything. It was a wonderful oasis away from the hustle and bustle of Manhattan.   Irenas Home was great, very comfortable and clean. We had the best time there with my daughter!. They welcome us with chocolates and water and give us maps of New York City and other helpful stuff that other guest had left, like tips of what we should do and where we should go.  The apartment was six blocs away of the subway and in a quiet and nice neighborhood, so it was great!. The Central Park is just a fiew blocks away.   Irena was really helpful and nice, she was very friendly. We didnt get to see her sister much, but the time that we saw her she was also very nice.   We recommend you to stay in this apartment, the room is very comfortable, the bed is great for two people, you have your own bathroom, and everything was super clean!.  Irena thanks for all!!!!!!! We love our time staying at your house!!! We felt really comfortable!! We will definitely recommend you!!!!!! Junto a mi novia estuvimos en la casa de Irena desde el 25 de Noviembre hasta el 2 de Diciembre. Esta es nuestra primera experiencia en airbnb y no pudo ser mejor! Desde que nos contactamos con Irena por primera vez ella fue muy atenta, a pesar de que nuestra llegada a su casa fue a una hora poco prudente ella siempre fue muy amable y comprensiva con nosotros. A nuestra llegada nos recibió con chocolates y botellas de agua, nos facilitó mapas de la ciudad y del transporte. La habitación es muy cómoda, cuenta con muchas perchas para poder colgar tu ropa, además de ser muy limpia y acogedora. Nuestro nivel de inglés es muy malo pero Irena siempre tuvo la buena disposición de entendernos y responder nuestras preguntas, también conocimos a su hermana que de igual manera es muy amable. El barrio es muy seguro a todas horas, la ubicación es muy privilegiada si lo que se quiere es recorrer la ciudad tanto a pie como también para tomar el metro que está a 10 minutos caminando, tiene cerca locales tanto para desayunar, comprar en un minimarket o para compartir con amigos.  Muchas gracias por todo Irena! definitivamente si volvemos a viajar a Nueva York nos contactaremos contigo! Irena was fantastic in every regard. We had coffee, chocolate and water waiting for us when we arrived. The room was perfectly clean, there were towels waiting for us, there are hangers for you to hang clothes, there is a mini-fridge, the bed was comfortable, the shower was great, etc.... Heck, there was even extra toilet paper. The neighborhood was exactly what we wanted in our New York experience. It was quiet and near major transportation.  The subway was about a 10 minute walk away, but we felt comfortable and safe walking in the neighborhood even late at night. There are dozens of restaurants and bars very close by (including amazing pizza, bagel, Thai, and pastry options). While not the largest room in the world (what do you expect, its Manhattan), it was comfortable and well decorated. My wife and I wanted to spend most of our time by ourselves, and Irena gave us plenty of space to do our thing. We talked with her sister for a few minutes one day, and she was very pleasant and welcoming as well. Irena even delivered my wifes 40-lb. mobility scooter to our room (up the stairs) after my wife sprained her foot. I cant say enough good things about this location and this hostess. Youd do yourself a favor by booking with Irena on your next trip to NY!  Irena was an exceptional hostess. When we needed assistance she was very willing and knows the area well. The room was very clean & just blocks from the subway. Local eateries abound & provided exceptional service. Irena and her sister are two very pleasant girls that help you a lot with suggestions on moving around NY. The location is very nice, in a quiet area and nice neighbourhood on the Upper East Side. Best place to stay, more than the busy area south of Manhattan. The room is as in the pictures and is very tidy and comfortable. Absolutely suggested!   La habitación luce tal cual como en la foto, muy limpia y la atención por parte de Irena excelente. El barrio es muy tranquilo y cerca de estación de subterraneo y del central park. Muy recomendable esta opción. Thanks Irena and Kristina for letting me stayed in your apartment. The apartment was perfect! It was very clean and convenient. It had everything that was needed. The hosts were really nice and helpful. Irena was an awesome host; super personable and accommodating. Her apartment was clean, quiet, and well kept, not to mention located in a great neighborhood. I would absolutely recommend to anyone looking to stay in the upper east side or New York City in general.  Irenas place has a very clean and lovely private room with its own bathroom. The noise level is minimal and the apartments location is convenient for walking and access to subway. Irena is a very considerate host. She replies to messages quickly, and is always available if I needed something. She keeps her place warm, which is a great bonus in the middle of the winter. Overall, I would definitely stay with her again in the future and highly recommend her place to anyone looking to stay in a clean private room in a safe neighborhood in upper east Manhattan.  La estadía en la casa de Irena fue buenísima. Es todo de acuerdo a la publicación y más. Ella hizo que nuestra estadía sea muy agradable respondiendo a todas nuestras dudas. Definitivamente volveríamos.  Enjoyed staying here for ten days, there was much to see of New York that we could walk to from this address.  For greater distance, or getting downtown the metro station was about fifteen minutes walk. The room is small, however wifi is good, it is clean and thoughtfully designed. The bathroom has good shower, always hot water, toilet and handbasin,towels provided. There was electric kettle, coffee maker and small fridge, clothes hangers/storage area. On the negative side the window have no view and allow no sun. The Irena was super helpful with us. She received us very well, answering all our questions. Also, she is very friendly and caring. The people of Russia are usually friendly. kkk. The apartment is located about 7 blocks from the nearest train station and 15 minutes from Central Park. This train station you take the green line direction Downtown and 10 min will be in the city center. I thought great location because NY is a noisy city so sleep well at night. The nearest supermarket is a block there, but there is also Starbucks, MC Donalds and a very good pizzeria called La Famiglia very close. The bedroom where we stayed at was very comfortable and clean, and the Irena even lent us towels, shampoos. The shower was great too. You go up a flight of stairs just to get to the apartment. Overall I strongly recommend to stay in the apartment of Irena. Irenas place was exactly as described, clean and cozy. She was accommodating and pleasant. The only inconvenience that I experienced was the heat at night. The lack of an AC in New York even in late May is not a minor issue :-(  She said that the AC unit would be installed soon, so hopefully the upcoming guests will have the 5-star experience. We had an awesome time during our stay. Irena is an excellent host and we had so much privacy it often felt like we had the apartment to ourselves. Definitely will try to stay here next time. Accueil discret, quartier agréable.  Irenas place is just as described.  The best things I believe are location and the independence you get when you stay here. - Excellent hostess  - Maintained privacy  - Clean apartment  - Safe location  - Window AC provided a cool environment when NYC was hot Clean, quiet and comfortable! I enjoyed my stay with Irena, it was well hosted and the location was perfect. I walked to my work, restaurants, subway and park. If I ever have to travel back to NYC, I will certainly try to see if I can stay with Irena again.  Irena and her sister were very helpful and reliable during arranging and our visit in NY. The room and bathroom are clean and clean towels are also provided. Moreover, the flat is situated in a peaceful and safety area, 10 minutes from subway so the connection to downtown is also great. However, the bed is relatively small and not so comfortable for people, which are not small (like me and my girlfried :-) ). Good place  Excelente lugar para quedarte, Irena te hace sentir en casa,  The stay in Irenas home was very pleasant! We met her a few times but she was very kind! The room is not so big but there is everything inside, like a small fridge, the boiler, the and coffee. The bed is very comfortable! The private bathroom is clean and the shower works well, always hot water. On the first of january the Q line has been opened , and it is just one block far from the house.   I definitely recommend to stay at Irena  s home. Thank you for hosting us!! It is a nice place. I think it is better if you are traveling by yourself, because if is a little bit  small for two people. The place is located in a very nice neighborhood, close to stores, restaurants and Central Park!! Irenas place is centrally located!  There are tons of parking structures right nearby (we parked in one on the same block).  Central park is probably a 10-minute walk away, and there are a lot of subway stops nearby.    Irena is super nice!  She greeted my wife and I with a hug, and communicated with us efficiently about how to get into the apartment!  The room is a bedroom with an attached private bathroom, and everything was extremely clean!  The room has your own coffee and tea machine, and the wifi was fantastic.  I cant recommend this place more! La camera è piccola, ma accogliente dotata di mobiletto con macchina del caffè ed un piccolo frigo. Cè un bagno privato dotato di doccia. La zona è tranquilla, ma vicina a bar ristoranti e supermercati. In dieci minuti a piedi di va a Central Park ed in 5 minuti si arriva alla linea Q della metro! Irena è molto disponibile e gentile ed il soggiorno è stato molto piacevole. Raccomando questo alloggio. Very good house located in a safe and apelling neighborhood. You can find whatever you want around the apt.  The room is clean, nice and quiet. Irena is friendly and responds promptly. A great stay here! Clean and comfortable. Irena is an excellent hostess  Great place and very comfortable.  The pictures are very accurate and having a mini-fridge is great for longer stays.  A/C was great for a warm summer and bed was good.  Having a private bathroom to was very convenient.  All in all, great place and would stay over again. 位置安全。私人浴室很方便也很乾淨。 Excellent location for me. Very helpful and professional host. Irena is a wonderful host, helpful and quick to reply to messages.  The room was very clean on a quiet street close to subway and bus connections.  It was so nice to have a private bathroom.  I would definitely recommend staying here.  Thank you Irena! Our flight where cancelled so we had to cancell to Irena, we where very sorry. Despite that Irena where super nice, answering all of our questions and very kind to us. Nest time we hope to be in her place!! We really enjoyed our stay at Irenas place. We found the room was perfect as a home base for exploring NYC, comfortable, quiet and easy to get to from the nearby metro station. Irena was easy to communicate with and made check-in/check-out super easy. Wed definitely stay here again! Gostamos muito do quarto!  É uma suíte pequena, mas suficiente para um casal que passa o dia inteiro na rua passeando.  O banho é muito bom, com água quente, box, e todo equipado com secador de cabelo, cotonetes, etc. A cama é boa, roupas de cama limpas e cheirosas. O quarto tem cafeteira, frigobar, boa internet, ar condicionado e etc. A única ressalva é quanto ao condomínio (áreas comuns do prédio): poderia ser melhor preservada, pois não causa uma boa impressão no primeiro momento - só no primeiro momento. Não tivemos contato pessoal com a Irena, pois estava viajando, mas tivemos com sua irmã que nos recebeu muito bem e deu ótimas indicações e recomendações sobre as redondezas do prédios.  Embora a Irena não estivesse presente, se manteve próxima a todo o tempo ao mandar mensagens de dicas e se mostrando preocupada com o bom andamento da estadia.  Obrigado Irena! Loved it :) La habitacion de Irena es tal cual la indica en su anuncio. Excelente limpieza, pequeño espacio, pero muy acogedor. Muy buena ubicacion, cerca de restaurants, lugares para desayunar y linea Q del metro a pasos de la habitacion. Irena es una excelente anfitriona, a pesar de no estar presente dejo todo coordinado y nos escribio casi a diario para saber si necesitabamos algo. Sin duda volveria al alojamiento de Irena!! Amazing location which served as the perfect base for all of our weekend adventures in NYC.  Irenas place was clean, cozy and I especially loved the fact that it came with a private bathroom !  Even though this was a shared space- it felt very private. Quintessential NY apartment, my boyfriend and I would definitely stay here again . I would definitely recommend the room to anyone who wants a nice stay at NYC. The zone was pretty safe and we really liked the neighborhood. With the metro station really near it was easy to visit all the Manhattan. Five star rating This was an awesome location, nice and quiet but 2 blocks from the Q line and Broadway and Times Square and all that stuff.  Great place,  great hosts! The room is small but very clean and comfortable.  The location is perfect, next to the main museums and the neighborhood is very safe. There is the Q subway line near.  Irena is a great host, very helpful and friendly Great experience! Great stay. Small as you would expect in NYC but clean and comfortable. Gracious host. Great location on the Upper East Side. Excelente lugar, muy seguro y tranquilo Irena was great! She rsponds quickly to messages and was very accommodating. The room was as described and on a quiet street, and it was easy to Uber to places from there. The private bathroom inside the room is definitely a huge plus. Overall, we enjoyed our stay here!	1
465	The first day we arrived very late to the apartment due to our flights and we could not warn about the delay because we did not have internet access. Anyway someone was waiting for us to do the checking.  When we arrived, Yi was not there. She had to fly that afternoon to her country and one friend of her was waiting for us to do the checking. So, we realized she was renting us her room to sharing it with her two roommates. Obviously, she did not mention it before. If she had, we would probably have made the reservation with someone else. However she always was kind to us and answered our messages very quickly.  The apartment was a bit dirty, especially the kitchen and the carpet. For that reason we did not cook there and we ate out everyday. Also, no one cleaned the bathroom during the 10 days we were there. But it does not surprise us because it is a shared apartment.  The room is nice, but it is small and it was not too clean. Also, we did not have towels and the heating was working only 2 or 3 days. For us, the price for this private room was very expensive for what was offered.  The location it was the best part. The apartment is 10 minutes walk to the subway and 20 minutes to Guggenheim Museum and Central Park. There are a lot of places to eat or supermarkets. To go to the city center (Top of the Rock, for example) is better to take the subway or you will have to walk for almost one hour.  The host canceled this reservation 102 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. We arrived late on the first day of our stay due to delays in our flight, and had to rush out to make it on time for our restaurant reservation. We got back at around 12:30 and were preparing to go to sleep after out long day. It was only then that we noticed the layer of dust on the pillow shams, and a black long hair in the sheets (neither we, not the homeowner have black long hair). It was too late to contact the homeowner to let them know about it, so our first night we slept on the bed with out clothes on, and with my scarf under our heads - we did not feel comfortable sleeping on this bed knowing that the sheets have not been changed in a long time. The next morning we notified the homeowner about it, and they did change the pillowcase, but not the sheets that were dirty as well.  It was very hot in the room, and the only way we could control the temperature in the room was opening the window. However, it was very cold during our stay, so it wasnt really an optimal solution.  We were really shocked to see bugs crawling around the kitchen cabinets, and then another one in the bathroom. It just proves how dirty this place was in general. It was our first time using airbnb in New York, or in North America for that matter, so we werent sure whether it was normal that we were not provided with towels. But regardless, if the homeowner is not intending to provide guests with towels, they should at least notify them so they dont have to look for 24hr convenience stores in the middle of the night so that they can shower. On the second day there no toilet paper or paper towel left (there was very little of it when we checked in). However, the homeowner did not bother refilling it. The entrance door, as well as the door in our room were very dirty ( so dirty that they had black patches on them). I do have to mention that Yi was very prompt in answering all our questions and concerns and was very nice to us.  However, the cons outweigh the pros, and we would not recommend that anyone stay there simply because we wouldnt, had we seen everything we saw. We did not feel comfortable there, even in the few hours we spent there overall (since we were mostly out and came back just to sleep).  Yis place was very clean but a bit too warm and dry for us. Check in and out was straightforward and formal. Yi also maintained positive communications throughout our stay. Overall I had a good experience staying at Yis place.  Yis place was great! I stayed here for 1 week and highly recommend this location.  The room was spacious and the bed was very comfortable.  Not to mention, clean throughout the apartment.  Yi was hospitable to the fullest and I would definitely stay here again!	0
466	The apartment was just like we can see in the pictures. It has enough room to make you feel comfortable. Its a nice way to enjoy the Village(s). The location was very nice and we got anywhere in the island by subway or bus easily. Jonathan was very nice and quickly answered any questions I sent to him while I was staying in his place. I recommend it! We had a wonderful stay at Jonathans appartment! It provides everything you need and is located in a neightbrhood with plenty of shops, restaurants etc with public transport close by. Jonathan was a good host, friendly and helpfull Wed book it again, the next time we visit NYC Jonathan was good host. He communicated leading up to my arrival and took the time to check in to see if I needed anything during my stay.     His apartment is all about location- right on Christopher street in the West Village. There are restaurants, bars, shops and grocery stores all around- a very busy area with so much to see and do.     The apartment is on the 4th floor of a walk up with no elevator so be prepared to hoof it up a few flights and the space has all your basic needs. It was tidy and typical of NYC apartments - limited on space but packing loads of charm.    I had a great time! Vi är jättenöjda med vår vecka i Jonathans lägenhet. Perfekt läge och en bra gata.   Har ingenting att klaga på. Det enda skulle vara att vi valde en vecka när det var extremt varmt i NY och det fanns ingen AC. Men det funkade utmärkt med fläktarna han har.   Väldigt smidigt att hämta upp nycklarna i postkontoret i samma hus.   Jag uppskattade verkligen den flexibla in- och utcheckningen. Vårt plan gick 17.00 därifrån så det var skönt att inte behöva vara ute redan vid 11.00-12.00.  Tack för denna gång! El departamento es cómodo; tiene todo lo necesario y está bien calefaccionado; muy buena relación precio calidad. El ubicación es muy buena, muy cerca de dos estaciones de metro, zona de restaurantes y bares típicos. El barrio es agradable, pintoresco, muy buena gente; Jonathan es un anfitrión correcto, la recepción rápida y en término igual que la salida. Cada vez que regrese a NYC intentaré hacerlo a este departamento. Muy bueno. The apartment was in a great location for getting around Manhattan and had almost everything I needed within a few blocks.  The area itself is very active at night, and the bedroom is far enough back from the street that noise wasnt ever an issue	0
467	"Sonia is a very good host. Honest and calm. She is particular. During my visit everything was ok. Subway 7 min walk. I strongly recommend to be her guest. Sonia is so kind and friendly. Shes an easy going person who you can hang out with and she  The location is good (10 mints away from the J train) and the price is very reasonable. Sonia is very nice host, she is clam and friendly, she is very careful to be you comfortable in her home. The home is very clean and close from the subway line J gates avenue and the bed is big and more comfortable. sure its good place in NY. Sonia was a great host, very easy going, kind person. Her apartment is very clean/tidy, with excellent sleeping quarters, its in a great location just a five minute walk from a very reliable subway service. This apartment was very cozy and nicely decorated. Its very close to public transportation and its a few blocks from a main street with grocery stores, drugstores, etc.    The heat was on the entire time which was great considering it was freezing outside.     I had a great trip and if I ever need a place in Brooklyn again Id definitely consider renting Sonias place again! The host canceled this reservation 22 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Purtroppo Sonia era all estero al nostro arrivo, quindi anche recuperare le chiavi del suo appartamento non è stato facile, in quanto abbiamo dovuto ""rincorrere"" i suoi amici per averle. L appartamento è molto spartano ed in un contesto estremamente popolare.Sonia ci aveva avvisato che prima di noi aveva avuto un altro ospite per una notte e che ci saremmo dovuti fare il letto ma ci aveva rassicurato sulla pulizia dell appartamento; purtroppo l abbiamo trovato sporchissimo. Mi spiace dover dire che sia stata la peggiore esperienza avuta con airbnb!!!  The host canceled this reservation 20 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Sonia was accomodating to my last minute request, which I appreciated but I did not have a good time staying at her place.  The apartment is in a not so great part of Bed Stuy, and the 15 minute walk to the nearest train (the J train at Gates ave) isnt fun, especially when it gets dark. The apartment is old and really doesnt have much in it besides a bed and a sofa and the wifi. The bathroom is large, but poorly lit and you cannot flush the toilet paper in the toilet. The heat was making sounds like it was turning on, but it never did and it was quite cold in the apartment during my stay.   Lastly, during check out Sonia got upset with me because there were wood chippings on the floor in her bedroom. A heavy mirror that she keeps propped up on a rickety table fell off during my stay. Nothing was broken, but some chips did fall off. Sonia also accused me of bringing my cat to her apartment (which I didnt), without talking to me or asking me first. Just overall a hostile experience.   It could be good for one or two people in NYC who need a place to crash after exploring the city all day. But this is not a place to lounge in at all.  The host canceled this reservation 10 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Sonia was very accommodating and flexible. She made the entire process super easy. "	0
468	This is not a private home; Andrea has a roommate, so you would be sharing a two-bedroom apartment with her roommate. This was inaccurately listed as a private home on Airbnb at the time of my booking --  she eventually told me about the roommate, only two days in advance of my arrival, only after the booking was confirmed and late on a Friday evening. I was flying to New York on Monday morning, so there was no time to find alternative accommodations at such short notice, especially anything remotely affordable/ in my budget.   All communal spaces are shared with Andreas roommate -- kitchen, dining area, living room, washer/dryer. You have a private bedroom and bathroom, and a second entrance on the same floor as your bedroom, and the apartment is spread over three floors so there is a lot of space, but 1) its largely open plan, so there is no privacy, and 2) there was no lock on the bedroom door, so it didnt feel very safe, sharing a space with a complete stranger.  Andrea has a dog that normally lives in the apartment -- the dog wasnt there during my stay, but the dogs bed etc were in common spaces, and overall the apartment felt quite dusty, floors were sticky etc. It means the apartment will be problematic for anyone who is allergic to fur, pets etc.  There are no blinds or curtains in the entire apartment -- even the bedroom -- which means that sunlight was pouring in from 5AM, making it impossible for light sleepers or anyone who needs a reasonable amount of darkness to get to sleep/ stay asleep. Im not a light sleeper but I found it very difficult -- especially because I was there for two whole weeks. And conversely, at night time, there is only one (dim) bedside table lamp, so the bedroom isnt lit properly in the evenings.   There is hardly any storage (one small chest of drawers in the bedroom), and her personal belongings were spread everywhere. Again, that wouldnt have been a problem if I was there for 1-2 nights, but I was there for two whole weeks. I spent the weekend in Andreas place and it worked out flawlessly. The apartment is as described, it appears to be cleaned by a professional service after each use, and I enjoyed total privacy. Excellent location, easy logistics on check-in, and a gorgeous, bright bedroom that was a respite from the dirty struggle of schlepping around NYC. If youre looking for refuge rather than interpersonal connections, Andreas place is a great option, especially with a private entrance separated from the main apartment entry and the room mate who lives downstairs. Andrea’s wonderfully spacious tri-level apartment is as described. There is lift access and two entrances into the apartment. We stayed in her master bedroom which was sunlit and comfortable.   The amenities were perfect with washing facilities in the apartment, ironing, kitchen, a rooftop garden accessible from the level 3 entrance, gym. We felt right at home.   Whilst at times can be a bit warm in the mornings waking up it was perfect to remind us to explore the neighbourhood which are full of cafes and restaurants.  We met her wonderful room mate downstairs and he was cheerful and also full of spot on recommendations.  The apartment location was a 10 minute walk from the C and Q lines. It took 20 minutes subway ride into Manhattan. Convenient for us travelling into other parts of Brooklyn and Manhattan. If you’re runner like me, I really enjoyed jogging over the Williamsburg Bridge from here and also around Prospect Park which is beautiful!     I would recommend anyone who would love to stay in Brooklyn and have their own home away from home with Andrea. I love her styling of the apartment and would stay with her again! Walking distance to the Botanic Gardens, Museum, Restaurants. Very comfortable and clean.  In a secured building with a workout room. Chickes, sauberes Appartement in guter und sicherer Lage. Andrea antwortet schnell. Vor unserer Ankunft wurde ein Riegel am Schlafzimmer angebracht, so dass man sich ganz sicher fühlen kann. Separater Eingang und eigene Ebene für den Gast. Kleine Schwierigkeiten wurden umgehend erledigt. Very responsive and great neighborhood Very nice apts in a really modern house with pool and gym. Big open terrace. Crazy heater in a room which make you warm in a really cold NY and dry your hair of you forget hairdryer :)))) everything is really closed, it takes about 25 mins to get to Manhattan. Or 40 mins walking :) very very nice. Thx The apartment is absolutely match with Photos. Master bedroom with master WC at the 3rd floor, living room with  sofa, cable TV at the 2nd. On the first floor modern kitchen with all necessary stuff. Also you can free use wash machine and dryer. A really fun and comfortable space in a cool part of the city. Let me first start off saying that Andrea’s space is much nicer than what it looks like on the pictures. It is super clean and the entire place is heated and warm. It is a stylish Triplex apartment, with separate bathroom and own entrance on the 3rd floor – it really feels like a separate apartment. The bedroom door has a solid lock and your private bathroom is connected to your bedroom, which gives you great privacy. Yes, there is a roommate, but we only met him once and he was charming and had good restaurant recommendations for us. Most of the time weren’t sure if he is actually at home, because he was silent and you have an entire floor between the him and your bedroom. By the way, the area feels safe – you will often see families, young people and hipsters in the morning rushing to school or to one of the many places to get a coffee or breakfast. During our stay Andrea was in Europe but was still super responsive and helpful to us. Can definitely recommend staying here.	1
469	Wendy is a great host - communication was superb and she made us feel very welcome. The apartment was perfect - roomy and super clean. Well be back! Great spot, very tidy place. Thank you Wendy Wendys place is perfect for a small group of people or family! She is very friendly and helpful! Will stay again in the future. Very nice house, clean, space and very good communication with Wendy. Wendy is the best Airbnb host I’ve ever met before! The house is clean and sweet, and there are enough towels and shampoo for us. The house is just a 3-minute walk to the metro station and the environment is good and quiet at night. Wendy waited us the first day till 12:30am which was after midnight to help us pick up our suitcases and show us her rooms. She also took us to the nearest restaurant at 1am because we were hungry after our flight. She also showed us the route to the metro station and gave us advice about our trip and schedule. We did have a great time living in Brooklyn! Wendy is a great host! Very flexible and checkin and check out was easy.  The place is clean, comfy and has everything you need to have a relaxing stay. The neighborhood is quiet as well Wendy is very accommodating and helpful. The inside of the apartment was pristine and having a small outdoor area in the front of the apartment was nice. Big two bedroom apartment with large living room. Great for big groups.  Its just 2 blocks away from the subway and really easy to get in and out of Manhattan. Wendy is great and always helpful in everything we needed. The neighboorhood is still very raw but its quiet and safe. The hostess is really nice and the house is neat and clean with all kind of equipment. Really good for group stay. Wendys place was great! Very clean and affordable. The neighborhood is quiet and there is plenty within walking distance. Wendy is an absolutely wonderful hostess and very attentive. Thanks so much for having us! Wendy is a fantastic host, highly friendly, welcoming, and professional.  Her place is perfect, it is spotless and has everything you need (she even has filtered water available!)  There is both on-street parking as well as the possibility to park in her spot if it is vacant.  The location is great, within walking distance of the highlights of Bushwick (10 minute walk to Robertas and some world class coffee shops - SEY Coffee in particular).  Highly recommended! Wendy was great! Place was clean, convenient, and spacious enough for all of us. As a host, Wendy was responsive and flexible. Would stay here again!  Wendy was a perfect guest. Very reactive and attentive. The guesthouse is quiet, clean and well equiped. The subway is very close and the neighborhood is calm despite appearances. Wendy was sweet and welcoming. She greeted us and gave us the house rules and then was hands off, except to send a text reminding us how to turn the heat up in advance of a cold night. Wendy lives right below so she was very available for anything we might have needed. The apartment is really clean and everything works. It’s bright and friendly. We were also pleasantly surprised to find a dedicated parking spot right there on the apartments property! Which is so so nice seeing as to how we never had to spend time circling around looking for parking. Bring your own coffee maker, but the apartment has a hot water heater and rice cooker. Fridge, dishes, toilet paper, plenty of trash bags as well. We were there for a 50 degree night and it was plenty warm. Overall a solid, dependable host and apartment. Thanks Wendy. Wendy was the perfect host start to finish. It was a pleasure to stay at her place. Shes an amazing person. She has been listening to us and she always considers our needs. The description of the apartment is perfect and everything is close (subway, supermarkets ..). I highly recommend Wendy and her apartment. Great place and host. Would come back again. La estancia en el apartamento de Wendy fue estupenda. Toda la comunicación con ella fue rápida y eficiente y nos conseguimos organizar muy bien. Wendy nos ofreció alternativas viables para dejar las maletas allí hasta poder entrar o después de salir del piso, lo cual fue de mucha ayuda. El apartamento estaba muy limpio y exactamente como se describe en la página web. Éramos 5 personas y tuvimos sitio de sobra, hay 2 sofás, una mesa en la que cabes perfectamente para comer, una cocina equipada y dos habitaciones con suficiente espacio (armarios, perchas, etc). Recomendaría este apartamento a cualquiera y volvería seguro! Está muy cerca del metro y a la vez está en una calle super tranquila, dormimos genial. La calefacción y el agua caliente funcionan a la perfección. Hay varios supermercados y tiendas cerca. Por último, Wendy es muy amable y detallista osea que la estancia allí fue una experiencia muy buena! Exactly as described. Very easy to communicate with. Wendy’s house was very clean and she was a spectacular host. Parking was also very easy so that was a nice BONUS! Wendy was very communicative and responsive. Her apartment was really spacious and welcoming with lots of basics taken care of to ensure an easy stay. The location is pretty good, a short walk to good food places, groceries, and a 20 minute ride into Manhattan too. The place is awesome, everything worked and it was comfortable. Reminder that shoes need to be taken off before going upstairs, our fault. Wendy is the best host you will ever get! Super welcoming and easy going. She made our stay very easy and we enjoyed every bit of it!  Thanks We love the apartment, very close to the subway. Wendy and John were great hosts. The apartment was very clean and believe me I am very picky. It was very close to the Metro which made going to Manhattan easy. I would definitely recommend this listing. Great apartment, well located. Nearby metro station to Manhattan. A very clean, convenient and well kept apartment.  Wendy and John were friendly, helpful and attentive hosts! Thank you so much! Very easy to communicate with - the space was clean and comfortable.  Was a very convenient location for us, had no problem finding street parking. Enjoyed our trip to NYC, we didn’t spend a lot of time at the AirBnB but it was a great place to stay that met our needs at a good price. Firstly, the place is very tidy and comfortable. The cosy living room is a real plus!   The neighborhood is charming and completely safe. I admittedly worried about this beforehand, but I can assure you that it is fine. I was totally surprised by the abundance of entertainment too. Some of our favorite restaurants, bars, and cafes were 150 meters from the apartment.   The J/Z/M train was located less than 2 minutes away. We were in lower Manhattan within 20 minutes. Cannot ask for more. Great hospitality! Solid spot Erittäin mukava ja mutkaton kokemus! Kiitos Wendy and John! 我觉得很幸运wendy作为我的房东,她是一个负责任的,热情的,考虑周到的人,尽管她普通语不好,她还是尽力用普通话和我交流。房子很干净,设备很齐全,晚上很安静,离地铁站很近,住在这里我感觉很好。 The host was amazing, waited for us at 2am for check in because we had a extended meeting. The two private parking spaces were a great addition. Towels, blankets, pillows and even fans were provided. We felt very safe and would return if we come back to New York. Great hosts! It was wonderful!! Wendy is the perfect host. She is kind and enthusiastic 24x7. As for the place, You cannot ask for anything more for that price. The place was clean and tidy. Wendy briefed us about what are the do’s and dont’s and they were pretty simple to follow. The beds were comfortable and the apartment is spacious. A big shout out also goes to John for giving us great tips to explore the city. The metro station is literallly 3 minutes away from the place and Downtown Manhattan is just a 15 minute metro ride from the place. So you can stay away from the hustle and bustle of Manhattan for the night and continue from where you left off with ease. If you are planning a tour to New York and you are looking for the perfect accomodation, look for Wendy’s apartment. 这个房子的位置很好,离地铁步行只要五分钟,非常方便,晚上睡觉也很安静,我们最满意的是房东Wendy非常热心和体贴,当我们发现卫生间的灯有问题,她五分钟之内就过来帮我们解决,看到下雨还贴心的为我们准备了雨伞,我们想了解当地的情况她还专门抽了时间陪我们聊天,非常满意的一次体验!	1
470	We were so impressed with the neighbourhood.  There is street parking with minor restrictions.  The apartment is perfect.  People in the neighbourhood are very friendly and a very safe place to stay.  Close to great food, shopping and attractions. Everything was as described. Check in and check out process was smooth. Good communication from host. Lana was an excellent host. The communication from the beginning to turn key handover was always smooth. The appartment was clean and locates in a safe, lively area. Just the next subway is over 15 min away by foot. We had a nice time in this apartment. Its a good size for everyone having their own space, and its not too far away from the subway. It could be even better if it had a fresh coat of paint, it looks a bit tired. Also, none of the beds were made when we arrived, even though we were expected earlier. The mattress covers had hairs on them, and even though Lanas partner said they were cleaned, they clearly werent. But the hair was removed (not the mattress covers) and the beds were made with fresh sheets on top. We all slept well, the beds were comfy, but it can be a bit noisy at times. We had the fan on to drown it out, not a big problem. Overall its fine for a city stay, especially when youre not spending much time there other than sleeping. L host non si è mai visto ha nascosto le chiavi in una nicchia della porta dingresso. Il bagno aveva la vasca arrugginita ed era sporco. il resto della casa era sporco con salsicce nel congelatore Non si sa da quale anno e biscotti lasciati ammufire sul microonde Lampadine bruciate e non sostituite in ingresso e in una camera.  Scomodo alla metropolitana This was my first experience in Airbnb. Hosts were kind, the communication with them was lighting fast. The appartment is large and equipped with everything you need to stay for a few days.   Great location, with very good restaruranst and supermarkets, the nearest bus stop 10 seconds walk from the house.  We really enjoyed our vacation in New York City. :)   We had a great time at Lanas apartment. There was more than enough room for all our party in a really good area of town. Everything was as described, we had plenty of bedding and towels for our stay.  A good location (not far from the subway), a supermarket just in front of the apartment, beds and  sleepings comfortable. Many restaurants and bars in a safe area. And also, a good communication with Lana. Nice stay! The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. The apartment is very confortable, we would have appreciate more dishes ( 4 glasses, 4 plates....kind of restrictive for 4 people). The host was very kind and easy to reach. Some walking required to go to the subway. Good neighborhood. I would certainly recommend to my friends. Host was very responsive and flexible to our needs. Absolutely loved our trip and our location! Incredible trip! excellent host very responsive and helpful. Apartment was great, very spacious for a New York flat and in a great area. The description of the apartment was accurate and in a great location with a few shops and restaurant bars next to the apartment and across the road. 10-15 minutes to 3 different metro stations to access many different lines. The city centre is only about 20mins away. Lana was helpful and very responsive to my messages. The apartment was very comfortable for our group of 5 people. The kitchen was useful for our breakfasts and snacks but we had to buy salt/pepper/oil for cooking. East Village is just a 10-15minute walk with many restaurants and quirky bars. We really enjoyed our stay here. We had a great stay at Lanas apartment in New York. The space was perfect for our group of 6 - it was great to have 3 different bedrooms and the couch was very long so also made a good sleeping space. It was a super hot weekend but the window AC units worked well enough (and the one bedroom without an AC unit was fine with the door kept open). Everything was clean, towels/linens were good, wifi worked well, shower pressure was good, etc. The neighborhood was great too - bars and restaurants all over the place, including on the same block as the apartment, and good coffee just 2 blocks away.  We had a very nice stay at Lanas appartment and it worked out fine for our two small children as well. Lana was very flexibel and helpfull. Multiple buslines are nearby but there is some walking distance for nearest subway station. Also very nice with a supermarket right across the street.  Only few hickups was the WiFi and shortage of dishes etc. There is WiFi but its slow at times. I did multiple speed tests and some wouldnt even complete. We had planned to make dinner some nights because of our little kids, but the shortage of dishes, glasses, kitchen utensils etc. ment that it wasnt possible.  Despite the few hickups I would recommend anyone to stay at Lanas.  Best regards and I wish everyone a wonderfull stay in New York City.  Kenneth This apartment was in a good location.. Just walking distance to 8th Ave where a lot of restaurants and stores are. Its also located next to a couple other restaurants/bars.   Lana was very responsive and easy to work with.   We were there with 5 guests and we all slept comfortably with just enough space.   While the overall stay was good, there were a few concerns that we had. We noticed some ants in the bathroom (maybe due to weather) and the chairs in the dining room were a bit wobbly. We were scared to use it because we didnt want it to break. Otherwise, everything else was great!  We went to Lanas appartment in september. It was really spacious! And location was superb. Lots of supermarkets and good restaurants in the same street. Busstop is 2 minutes walk, 2 subway stations within 10 minutes walk. I can definelty recommend this place! Nous avons séjourné 4 nuits dans lappartement de Lana au mois de septembre. La personne qui nous a accueilli était très aimable et arrangeante.   Les parties communes de limmeubles sont très vétustes mais lappartement est tout à fait correct. Ménage OK, superficie OK, répartition des chambres OK. Salle de bain rustique mais opérationnelle.  Il manquait un peu de lumière globalement, et des équipements pour la cuisine (pas assez de verres par exemple).  Le prix reste néanmoins élevé pour un logement situé à 20 min à pied du 1er métro.   Le quartier est très commerçant et plutôt animé et bruyant le week-end. Nous avons passé un bon séjour dans lensemble. Je recommande ! Lhôte a été très conciliant pour notre heure darrivée tardive et nous avait caché les clefs dans un endroit sûr, ainsi que pour notre heure de départ (nous avons pu laisser les valises dans lappartement jusquà notre départ). Le quartier est très sympa, vivant, avec de nombreux commerces juste à côté et ouverts tard le soir. Un arrêt de bus est au pied de limmeuble, mais pour le métro il faut compter 20 minutes de marche. Les photos sont conformes au logement et les trois chambres sont spacieuses et agréables même si celle donnant côté rue est assez bruyante la nuit. La salle de bain est vétuste et mériterait un rafraichissement. Nous avons déploré le fait quil ny ait que 4 chaises alors que nous étions 7, et le peu de vaisselles. Mais notre hôte, après une petite réclamation nous a dépanné en verres le jour même.  En conclusion, notre séjour a été très positif dans ce quartier bien sympathique et nous avons pu découvrir New York en famille.  Appartement situé à 15-20 minutes du métro. Tarif intéressant pour New York. Une chambre donne sur une rue assez bruyante, pensez à emmener des boules quies. À part ça lappartement est ok. Bonne communication avec Lana avant et pendant notre séjour.  À conseiller Great place to stay in Manhattan. Great value for money. Connecting to Lana with questions and queries was really easy and she responded very fast. The place was clean and accommodated 7 of us really easily!  Lanas place is a spacious, warm, three bedroom apartment, with a shower/bath/toilet room.  We were a family of two parents, and four adult sized children, and we all felt comfortable in the space.  Wifi is great, and we were across the road from a very good supermarket.   Walking distance to China Town and Little Italy, about  1 mile away.  Closest Subway station, we could find, was just under a 1 mile away.  Felt very safe walking around as there is a police station a few buildings away.   Highly recommend it for groups, but maybe not families with smaller children as there are stairs, and the street noise is noticeable if youre trying to get small children to sleep.  In saying that, its NYC, street noise is part of your experience.   Overall we enjoyed our stay, there were a few little issues and Lanas partner attended to them quickly, and was very quick to respond to our text messages.. Lana is a very responsive and accommodating host. The apartment is spacious and in a very exciting area. Its a little bit older, and could use some updates, but homey. Closest subway is .8 miles away.	0
471	Everything about this Airbnb experience was perfect!  Joie made me feel so welcome it felt like I was coming home to a long lost sister after several years :-)  The studio was as beautiful as it looked in the pictures and very comfortable and unique.  The surrounding neighborhood was quiet with great cafes and coffee shops within a few minutes walk.  The park and Hamilton Grange are also quite nearby which was an unexpected pleasure.   I drove in and was always able to find a parking space, even on Friday night.  Thank you for being a great host, Joie!  I will be back. Joie war ein super tolle Gastgeberin und das Zimmer war mega schön eingerichtet, mit ganz viel Liebe und zur Begrüßung gab es Obst und Knabbereien. Joie hat mich herzlich begrüßt und mir dann in der Umgebung Restaurants, Subways und Einkaufsmöglichkeiten gezeigt. Sie hat jederzeit nach meinem Befinden gefragt und ob alles gut ist und ich zufrieden bin. Die Subways sind zu Fuß in 5 Minuten zu erreichen und es ist eine super ruhige, gechillte und ungefährliche Gegend. Ich bin nachts im Dunkeln zu jeder Zeit auf die Straße gegangen. Die Leute sind alle super nett und zuvorkommend. Zum Central-Park bin ich jeden Morgen gejoggt.   2 km hat man es ca. und es ist super easy dahin zu kommen. Der einzige Punkt ist, es gibt keine Küche im Appartement. Ein Wasserkocher wäre toll, damit man sich einen Kaffee nach dem Aufstehen machen kann. Allerdings ist der nächste Mc Donald´s   nur 3 min. zu Fuß und da bekommt man immer frischen Kaffee. Die Harlem Night Bar ist zu Fuß auch nur 3 min. erreichbar. Immer Live-Musik und gute Stimmung. Alle Nachbarn sind super nett und man wird immer begrüßt auf der Strasse und Willkommen geheißen. Sonntags ist man super schnell an den begehrten Gospel-Kirchen. In der 125 h street gibt es mega Shopping - Läden und günstige Schuhläden. Das Apollo-Theater ist auch nur 2 km entfernt und in die City braucht mach mit der Subway ca. 20 min. Alles in allem war es ein mega Aufenthalt bei einer super lieben Gastgeberin!!! Ich komme ganz schnell wieder. Danke, liebe Joie! Joies place was wonderful. Very clean and comfortable. Love the separate entrance and private bath. She even got a little mini fridge for my stay when I mentioned I really needed one.   The bed is super comfy and she had nice little amenities out.  Will definitely stay again and highly recommend! The only thing more amazing than Joies studio was Joie herself! Her studio is spacious and very wam and welcoming.I had to be at a conference every morning by 9 am so it was great to have the subway so close ,  only 3 to 4 blocks away.  I am a female and my biggest concern was walking back to her place at midnight after my conference.    I felt totally safe.  Joie made sure I felt at home and had what I needed.  She left snacks for me which were much appreciated given my schedule. I really cant wait to stay again!  Thank you so much Joie for your warmth, generosity , and graciousness in sharing your beautiful  home!!! And by the way I have never slept  on a more comfortable  mattress !! Joie immediately made me feel at home by welcoming me with a friendly smile and tour of her beautiful apartment.  The space is  the most tastefully decorated, warm and comfortable place I could have imagined - decor, artwork, furniture and accessories all personally created and/or curated by Joie, a very talented artist, jewelry maker and realtor. The bed is comfortable, sofas and chairs great to sink into, bathroom is luxurious. Joie herself is delightful - I couldnt ask for a more thoughtful, kind and hospitable host.  Im back already and planning to stay for as long as shell have me!  Thanks, Joie, for a wonderful stay! Joie is truly one of the best hosts on Airbnb.  Ive stayed with over 25 hosts on Airbnb to date, the vast majority of whom have been absolutely wonderful.  Joie stands out for her warmth, friendliness, courtesy, welcoming manner, sense of humor, responsiveness and kindness.  Her apartment is beautifully decorated with many of her own works of art.  It is clean, comfortable, well-appointed and secure.  Its situated in a lovely brownstone on a gorgeous historic street in Harlem.  I cant recommend Joie more highly as a host and I look forward to staying with her again soon.  One of my favorite Air BNB experiences, if youre on the fence, do it! Joie is an incredible person and host -- you get to stay at a brownstone on historic Strivers Row, a stones throw away from Alexander Hamiltons house. Joie took me on a great walking tour of the area, the fridge was fully stocked and even threw in laundry to boot! And in case anyone is wondering: you will be perfectly safe staying in Harlem. Super cute brownstone. Walking distance to transit. Safe neighborhood. NY without the NY hustle & bustle. Great stay. Great host. Absolutely stunning spot, and such a fantastic location right in the middle of Harlem within walking distance to everything. I spent an hour just ogling the gorgeous art. Want a place to hide away and relax after busy New York? This is your spot! The studio was exceptionally clean and had lots of amenities! Joie is a wonderful host who provided me woth everything I needed and checked up on me to see how I was doing. She is a lovely host and the studio is very lovely. Public transportation is only a very short walk away. I would love to stay here again next time I’m in New York!	1
472	Great Apartment, amazing location, exceptional host! Let me first start by saying that this is a really great apartment. Simple and nice furniture styled with great taste. The layout is awesome, very bright, clean, a healthy space rare for NYC! Super quiet bedroom and two floors with tons of privacy. Martin is an amazing guy, that runs the appartment because he loves to meet guests and it’s a pleasure to talk to him, it makes you feel welcome all the times. He was available for me over the phone and in person despite my late check-in! Last but not least: Location: unbeatable! If you looking for a central, cool, clean street this is what it is! All the small boutique, restaurants and bars of East Village are right there. I would come back every weekend if I could! The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. The apartment is very spacious and impeccably presented.  It is extremely well located in the heart of the East Village but is remarkably quiet for sleeping! There are a number of fantastic bars and restaurants within walking distance.  I must say that Martin is one of the best hosts that I have met.  He is incredibly responsive and nothing was too much trouble - going above and beyond to make our stay enjoyable.  I will definitely return on my next trip. The host canceled this reservation 17 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Nice cosy place! Its really loud inside so perhaps not for a couple with kids like us The host canceled this reservation 11 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great apartment in the East Village - easy access to many downtown neighborhoods. And quiet! The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 21 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 26 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Overall the experience was great. The booking was messed up initially but the host was being helpful to get it sorted. Rooms and beds were decent in both size and cleanliness. The stay could be improved if the lower floor had more heating, it was kinda cold in the winter time, and it would be handy if there was a hairdryer in the apartment. I loved this airbnb - it was clean, modern, spacious and comfortable. The location was amazing! Martin was a great host - very responsive and helpful! My second time staying here! Great place!	1
473	"Angela was amazing!!! Only my second AirB&B experience, and it was a fabulous one. She was very kind and detail-oriented when it came to preparing the apartment. She made sure it was easy to contact her at all times and went out of her way to be make herself available. The apartment itself was impeccable. From the accomodations to the location I could not have asked for a better place to stay.   Angela was a great host! Cozy space in a great Manhattan location. Amazing customer service. Nice apartment with a great location! Angela was very hospitable and helpful. I highly recommend her apartment! Angela was a good host.  She met me at the apartment and make sure that I had towels and information about the apartment and location.   She always responded quickly to messages. The studio is small but comfortable.  I found the bed really comfortable.  Its hard to beat the location, as you could get almost anywhere in Manhattan in 20-30 minutes from Grand Central. Angela was a great host, always responding very quickly when I contact her.  She met me at the apartment and make sure I was comfortable, gimme great advice and tips to know around.  The studio is great and comfortable. The location is incredible, 4 blocks away from Grand Terminal Central and Bryant Park, and everything you think you may need just a three minutes walk. Angela is a very good host. She is very responsive to questions. The neighborhood is nice. The listing is somewhat accurate. There are some things that were not on the listing at the time I booked it. Being a veteran AirBnB traveler I should have made inquiries before I booked so I will take some of the blame. This is a walk up that has three flights of steep steps. The terrace is a roof top that you must climb through the window to get to. The listing states there is TV but you cant use it unless you download a very confusing app.. There is only one lock on the door of the apartment (on the door knob itself) as the dead bolt was missing. As I said Angela is a very gracious host and I hope some of these things are addressed in the future.  Great spot, great location, great host. Place is exactly as advertised, would definitely stay here again. Angela was super responsive and was very accommodating to my late arrival. Highly recommended. Loved Angelas place.  She worked with me to ensure that I had access to the key after hours, and texted multiple times to follow up.  Great host.  And, the bed was very soft.  Great, central location.  Bedroom faces an interior courtyard, so is very quiet.  Lots of good things about this room.      Here are some things prospective renters should know:  1) the flat is up 3-4 flights of steep stairs (including walking up to the landing from the street).  If you have heavy bags or bad knees, be aware; 2) the bathroom suite is tiny - one person only.  If you are large framed (61 or taller) or of heavy build, be aware; 3) no air conditioning - watch out in the summer heat!  I opened up one of the windows, and was bitten by mozzies (which I thought unusual in central New York City!).   None of #s 1-3 above should detract you from staying in Angelas place.  Would stay there again. Excelente ubicación, a unos minutos de todo. La terraza es un gran plus, especialmente para refrescarse en noches calientes. Lo recomiendo sobretodo para dormir y pasar el resto del día fuera. Cuidado con sobrecargar las maletas porque son tres pisos de escaleras sin elevador.  Glad to have found this place! The price made it possible to stay in this neighborhood, and the location worked out perfectly for me. Felt very safe and secure. I would recommend this place to friends. It is an older building, very quiet and not busy, although its a bit creaky, and I could hear neighbors leaving in the morning.  I gave Angela a few other details/feedback I think she could put in the Manual about her place, like information about the lock, how to use microwave, balcony, and shower. I think she usually meets guests, but in case thats not possible, it might be good to have it written. I found Angela to be responsive though we didnt get to meet in person. I had a comfortable stay and would stay again if back in the area. Angela was great! She met us at the apartment when we arrived. The other guest hadnt checked out yet, so she graciously took our valuables with her so we could head out on the town and then put our bags in the room so we didnt have to come back to apartment to take care of it. The apartment itself was clean, very small, but was perfect for us because basically we walked so much when we got back we were so tired it only took a few minutes to fall asleep. The TV uses Chromecast and the system name and password are on router. We loved the location!!! Very easy to get everywhere we needed and close to the subway system. We downloaded the NYC subway app which was very helpful! The only thing I didnt like were the satin sheets, but we just put a blanket in between the sheets and comforter, but that is strictly just personal preference. The air conditioner was nice and cold, it is kind of loud, which I loved because I sleep with a box fan at home and find it hard to sleep in complete silence, so for me it was perfect. Overall very nice experience!  I definitely liked this place and would stay here again. I like:  - The location – bodega, restaurant, bar, bus stop all less than a block away. Subway station a few blocks  - How quiet it is – never heard street noise or people above me. Only occasionally heard people walking on the steps. My coworkers paying 2x more at the nearby Hyatt didn’t have it so quiet and they also didn’t have a frig or a way to boil water  - Enough space that I’m totally comfortable  - Has kitchen, frig and spices, condiments, and things like oil and butter so you don’t need to buy what you only need a little of  - Reliable wi-fi  - Great mattress  - Clean (well, except maybe for the window which was not bad but a little dirty)  - Safe neighborhood and bldg.  - I didn’t need to use it but Angela’s wonderful, flexible cancellation policy. If you don’t like it or your plans change, you can leave with something like 24-hour notice  - Unexpected extras like an exercise mat and exercise ball that Angela invited me to use  - Not just shampoo but cleaning gel, conditioner, hand and dishwashing soap all provided  - Angela responds quickly to issues and is respectful of my privacy.    Here’s why some people might not like this place:  - 2.5 long flights to reach the place. (The charm of the old building means wonderful high ceilings, which means more steps per flight)  - Odd kitchen in that there are lots of pans and cooking implements, a great blender, etc. but only 1 knife to use eating, no forks, and no bowls.   - To use the microwave, you have to plug in an extension cord that cuts across the kitchen. (I didn’t mind but can see that some people might.)  - AC can be noisy at times  -- it’s a sort of white noise so didn’t bother me it might be loud for some people  - TV but no cable and using chromecast or (Hidden by Airbnb) cast, like I use at home, is not always reliable.   - Befitting an old bldg., unit has clearly been painted numerous times as in the paint is on thick from lots of layers. Paint is peeling in bathroom and kitchen.     What I would’ve liked  - One of those collapsible luggage stands that hotels have so I didn’t need to put my rollerbag on the floor or have it take up the nice big coffee table  - A little nightstand and reading lamp next to one side of the bed (there is room for something like that).     I’d definitely stay here again.    Angela was a good host, with all the ups and downs. She made sure to make our stay as smooth as possible even with the scheduling issue.  The host canceled this reservation 25 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Angela was an outstanding host and her place was incredible. Being in Midtown East was awesome - it was quiet and the street was calm, but everything is within walking distance: Grand Central, a bunch of awesome places to eat, and it is literally right next to a jazz club (which doesnt make it noisy at all!) the space itself was perfect for me as a single traveler, and Angela was gracious, friendly, and helpful. Also, shes one of the BEST communicating Airbnb hosts Ive ever worked with, which made for a very smooth experience.  The location of this studio is excellent and the price cant be beat for what you get in a city where Hotels are $400 +. The area is safe and many different great neighborhoods are within walking distance. The studio was quiet (no street noise since its on the back side of the building) and the AC, to my great relief, worked as needed (it was in the 90s outside). The listing is accurate for the property. I would stay there again. The place is very clean and in a great location. Angela was very flexible and accommodating.  I would definitely recommend this place. The location cant be beat!  It was perfectly located in a very safe area, close to the 34, 42, and Grand Central subway stops.  At no time was I worried about that.  The building is extremely quiet.  The AC was super cold, just the way I like it, and I had zero issues working the TV cromecast.  It was great to have a fridge and kitchen, and there are basic kitchen items (but no forks or bowls, so grab some).  Angela was so communicative and helpful along the way, and I knew I could get a hold of her if needed.  The only things Id suggest are new pillows and sheets.  The satin sheets didnt want to stay tucked and the pillows were flat from age. However, Id stay here again simply due to location and security! Angela was a very helpful and accommodating host! Everything was smooth and went according to plan. The studio was exactly as described. No complaints here, very recommended and would stay again.  Angela was a perfect host. Her apartment was completely true to the ad. Great location. Excellent room set up. Staying here again is a no brainer. Thanks Angela!! Angela was so flexible and lovely! I was anxious because it was my first time using an AirBnB but it was everything I wanted and more. Her beautiful home made me feel like for a few days I was living as a New Yorker myself, and was the perfect base from which to go out and see the city. It was barely a 15 minute walk from the Greyhound station and only three minutes from the subway, also very close to a laundromat, coffee, amazing food, and famous locations like Times Square and Grand Central. The apartment had plenty of plates and glasses and cutlery as well as towels and bathroom products. The access to a rooftop space was especially nice, and the bed was unbelievably comfy. Overall just a really great, authentic experience.  Angela was fantastic in communicating check in/ check out times and provided great recommendations for my short stay in Manhattan. The place is in an amazing location, being so close to grand central station makes getting anywhere in the city very easy. I would highly recommend staying at her location for short or extended times. Angelas place was awesome.     Great location, comfortable and very clean.     She was so nice and well organized everiting.    I wish to visiit again near future.  Angela is a very good host. She was prompt in responding to my messages. The apartment is beautiful and it is close to every good place in Manhattan. I thoroughly enjoyed the stay at Angelas apartment and would love to come back again. Great. Very easy stay and clean. Everything as described. It is very well located. Its just a short 8 minute walk to Grand Central and only 15 to Times Square. The apartment is great and very quiet and Angela was available to help when we arrived. The only thing is that its on the 2nd floor so bear that in mind when carrying big suitcases. But not really a problem. Would recommend this! This was my first Airbnb experience and it was great.  The pictures provided were exactly what I walked into.  The area was perfect with easy access to Grand Central and Madison Square Garden.  Everything I wanted to do was an easy walk and the area felt clean and safe.  I would definitely stay at Angelas again! The location is great. The studio and furniture is a bit worn out and dilapidated at places. Unclosing cupboard and leftovers in fridge definitely leave a feeling of untidiness and no effort to welcom Not worth the price / more a rent seeking. Was happy to move away to another place  Angela was extremely easy to communicate with. She was very easy to contact and was very accommodating!   Studio was just as explained on the website; no surprises! The one amazing thing is that there literally was hardly any outside noise whatsoever! Great location! I will be back!  Muy bien. Excelente ubicación y muy buena atención de Angela. Angelas place is superbly located, accurately described and depicted, and she was very helpful both before my arrival and during my stay. Booking, check-in and all communication with Angela was very easy and smooth. The apt is clean, comfortable and quiet, and centrally located to enjoy all NYC has to offer.  Definitely recommend Angelas apt for an enjoyable stay in the Big Apple. Thanks Angela!  This apartment is small but has all thats needed for one or two people The location is terrific, very near Grand Central and many other attractions, shopping, etc. We didnt meet Angela, but she was very accommodating about arranging for key pickup to fit our schedule. The apartment is exactly as described.  We could not have asked for a better location.  Centrally located to Empire State Building, Times Square, Grand Central, and Rockefeller Center.  We felt very safe in the area.  Angela meet us upon arrival to the city gave us a quick overview of the apartment and offered tips on places to eat.  Overall great place and I would definitely stay there again.   Angela was very hospitable and explained everything we had to know about the apartment. She made sure it was clean when we arrived, and that we had everything we needed. The room was perfect for our needs, just one night in the city. Had a full bathroom, a fridge, and a small kitchen. Comfy bed. Convenient location. Would stay again! Extremely nice and flexible on meeting details! Space was perfect for a week in NYC! Convenient location. This funky apartment is quiet and comfortable. A well stocked bathroom makes life easy for the long distance traveller. Angela was responsive and accomdating. This is great location, super close to uptown sites, restaurants, etc. The building is old and hence the place itself is quite dated and no-frills; but I found it homey and very safe. Its especially quiet for being in downtown Manhattan, and sleeping is a very important part of staying away from my home. Its a rough gem and Angela was super friendly and understanding of me getting lost on the way over the first night, which made me late meeting her. Not a big kitchen to make meals in, but I wanted to sample all the food available in the city anyway. The outside area accessed by the big window was a nice treat to see the stars and moon. It was cold outside but the place had good heat via a radiator. Hot water in shower takes a few minutes to warm up, toasty after that though.  Even at distance Angela took care of everything needed so that my stay was a success. The apartment is exactly as described, in a quiet and safe building and I must say that the location is one of the best you can have in Manhattan. Very close to Grand Central.  Terrific cozy and funky apartment.  Comfortable and hip.  Extremely conveniently located only a few minutes walk from Grand Central. Angela was incredibly welcoming and was very helpful accommodating our arrival time. The neighborhood is very quiet, felt safe and is an amazing location close to everything you need in midtown Manhattan.    The apartment doesnt have a lot of space, but it is New York so that is the norm. We stayed over the thanksgiving weekend, so understandably the apartment was more expensive than usual, but objectively it was not fantastic value for money, and this made us more sensitive to the cleanliness of the apartment. Whilst generally it was fine, the bathroom was not clean enough to justify $250+ per night.    Overall, it was a good base for a weekend in NYC. Angela has a great little place in the middle of Manhattan. Very convenient location, the room is reasonably spacious, and great value for money. Angela is very responsive to messages should anything come up. Very accommodating to check in/check out schedule. Clean and quiet. Would definitely return.  Great communication, Angelas home was a pleasure to stay at.   Angelas place is so awesome! She is an amazing host and is very easy to communicate with. Place is in an awesome location and is perfect for a couple. Will be returning!!! Thanks Angela :) Loved it.  Angela was so helpful in getting me situated.  Thank you Great space. Nicely laid out studio, comfortable and cozy. Good location to lots of trains. So nice that Im staying in the same space again next week! Second time staying here. Will continue to come back! Angela was a great host. Thanks for everything! Great space, very cosy. Everything was great ! Good location to visit NYC. Angela is a wonderful host and she is very helpful ! The stay was great.  Checkin process was very easy and Angela allowed me to check in early, which was helpful.  Its very close to GCT.  Id stay here again!   Angelas house is very centrally located, in a great location and building. Her house is very clean and warm lol. Angela was very helpful to me throughout my stay and went above and beyond. I will definitely be staying here again in the future.  Wonderful stay. GREAT neighborhood and very quiet building.  Great location!  Spacious for a studio.  Angela was very responsive. Thanks Angela ! Ur place was nice !  A solid 4* in the center if Manhattan. I strongly recommend it to business travellers and young couples. Zentral und für New Yorker Verhältnisse ruhig gelegen.  Angela was a fantastic host and very accommodating. I appreciate how she let me check in early and was so easily reachable.  All Angelas reviews are so positive, what can I add ? Best accomodation in the best location in New York !! Angela was a nice host, it was really easy to communicate with her and to arrange everything before the arrival.  This studio is adequate and a good option for those who really just want a place to put their head down in midtown. If you are a traveller who likes creature comforts, a modern place with good finishing and where the shower and power points work perfectly etc, this is not the place for you. If you are happy to tolerate imperfection and a tiny kitchen and bathroom, and some ""shabby chic"" - go for it! Great place to stay! We loved how close the apartment was to the heart of the city! The place is just enough to have a good place to crash.  We didnt spend much time in the room.  Angela was really friendly and even met us and took our bags because the party before us did not checkout until 3pm so we couldnt get in until 5. Angela was a great host!! Its a good value but a fixer-upper apartment. Even thought it was well cleaned, the eroding walls, floors, and furniture didnt leave me comfortable putting anything down except on the bed. Found flakes on the bed in the morning (from peeling paint?). Tiny bathroom. Closet too full to hang anything. Gym items in closet were damp. Iron but no ironing board. Thanks for having the strong air conditioning going when I arrived. Place was quiet. 3rd floor but no elevator, stairs are gross.  I get a sense this is a very good host who cleaned carefully -- but the apartment is just small and not renovated in ages, hard to get all the dust out. Drugs and sex artwork: I guess that could be either a pro or a con! A 3-star place but I gave it 4 stars because of inexpensive price. Exactly as advertised, good location and communication with Angela was smooth and easy.  Angela was a great host, very accessible when needed, and the studio was very comfortable. Thanks! This is a place I highly recommend to potential visitors, it is exactly what its shown on the pictures. The studio covers the basic needs for tourists supposed to spend most of the day outside, visiting the renowned places, restaurants, etc. Location is amazing, just four blocks from the Grand Central, and at walkable distances from the Penn Station, Madison Square Garden, Broadway spectacles, Central Park, the Port Authority. The good thing is the surroundings of that studio, lets say Madison and Park Avenues, Grand Central, are safe places to walk through even late at night. Angela was all the time available to meet any requests, so no doubt she is an excellent host. There is always space to improve, but my final rate is 5 out of 5.  Great location. Angela is a great host with perfect communication. Great place, great location!  Comfy studio apartment with everything you need in a quiet but central part of the city.  Angela is a friendly host and easy to communicate with.  Highly recommend!  It is a great place to stay in , very near to several sight seen , I would recommended or to everyone, Thanks Angela   My stay was perfect. When I come back to NYC, Im definitely going to try to book this place again. Angelas place is super convenient!  10 minutes to Grand Central and some great restaurants.  The AC was a little noisy, but it is was otherwise quiet at night--hard to find in NYC.  Angela was a great host; easy to reach, very accommodating. Great location! appartement bien situé mais propreté de celui-ci  très douteuse (draps sales à notre arrivée-équipement en mauvais état de fonctionnement- vu au moins un mulot courant dans le studio) Cosy place to stay in New York. Close to Times Square, Empire State building and Central Park. Angela remained at my disposal for any question and responded very swiftly. Quel dommage pour ce studio très bien placé sur midtown. Mais déçue par létat de délabrement du studio. De plus, un bruit de chaufferie permanent sur le toit terrasse et un 3è étage sans ascenseur. TV et micro ondes inutilisables. très mauvais rapport qualité/prix. Ce petit studio mériterait une renovation et des draps neufs ! Cest ma première déception sur Rbnb Je précise quand même quAngela est aimable et très serviable. Great location and area. A wonderful and accommodating host! Prior to me arriving, she answered any and all questions I had in a very timely manner. The apartment wasnt very large but for a studio in NYC, I felt like it was the perfect size. I would stay again. Host super nice. Great location. Defiantly worth it considering the price. Super cute studio apartment. Stayed with my sister, and we had plenty of room. First time NY visitors, and felt very safe in the neighborhood. I was surprised by how quiet the apartment was. My sister was a bit bothered by the noise from the AC at night, but it didnt bother me at all, and Im a pretty light sleeper. Angela was great! Very nice quite place. Clean and very close to everything. I had a great time and would book it again. The apartment was great. Perfect for what we needed it for. Angela was very accommodating with our timeline.  We would definitely stay there again.   Thank you Angela.  Mike Great location, cool space, beautiful view of the Empire State Building from the terrace. The stairs leading up to the apartment are borderline terrifying as they feel like theyre going to collapse under you, but the building itself is beautiful and old. The neighborhood is very nice, and very convenient if you need to be in Midtown Manhattan. Place was in a great location with tones to do close by. Angela was just great. Very helpful. She helped me a lot with packages I got. Only thing is that Apt is on second floor so one has to climb the stairs with your suitcase but its not too bad. Great place. Very close to Grand Central Station, Empire State building and many other great attractions. The apartment was quiet and comfortable. Angela was very responsive and answered all of our questions quickly and was very helpful with finding local vegan restaurants. This place has an amazing location. Central and within walking distance to just about everything in midtown Manhattan. A perfect place to crash while exploring the city. As the description says, its definitely not a luxury apartment, and it is quite small, but it works well as a launching point to see the city. The Wi-Fi is also strong and consistent. The place was well located, beautifully appointed, spotlessly clean and the host was wonderfully communicative.  It was ideal! Tiny but clean with a comfy bed  and hostess is a doll! Angelas place is perfect for tourist couples or a single business traveler. Its smallish, yes, but high ceilings and a huge roof deck make it feel much larger (even if you dont hang out on the roof). This a truly authentic NY pre-war building with all the charm and quirks. Angela keeps it clean as a whistle. But, above all, location makes this place an outstanding value. It couldnt be more central to absolutely everything, yet its in a neighborhood that offers a bit of respite from the more commercial areas. While the place is tucked into a very ritzy residential area, its also right near the very heart of Manhattan. In addition, Angela is an excellent host. She provided everything I could possibly need and was very accommodating re checkin/checkout. The whole process was smooth as silk and a ridiculous value. Thank you Angela, Ill definitely be back!"	1
474	"My brothers and I had a great experience! Edward and his brother Fernan were excellent hosts. Our flight was delayed for four hours getting us into JFK at midnight and Edward assured us it was no problem for them, they were a real help. The apartment was more than we could have hoped for! And the location was perfect! I highly recommend this apartment for many different reasons. Alexs place was so great - the location was awesome, close to metro, lots of cool bars and restaurants. The apartment was very clean and comfortable also Fantastic! The hosts were accommodating with a later check in than originally planned. The apartment is pretty much as described, although the bathroom is really small. Everything was clean and the a/c worked great  - thank goodness as it was incredibly hot and humid the weekend I was in town. The bed is a futon, not a bed, but it was comfortable. My only issue was there is a fair amount of street noise, due to the trendy location. But the a/c and the sound machine on my phone covered it well enough.  This was my first time using Airbnb, and Edward made it easy. Communication was quick and clear, the place was lovely and just as we expected. The apartment location is perfect, and its also above a fantastic little cafe, where we brunched twice. I had a great experience and would stay here again.  Listing was just as described and perfect for our stay.  Fantastic location in the heart of Soho.  Great A/C that was essential in the heat. Pictures just as it shows and Alex was very accommodating.    Great flat, incredible location and the host was incredibly accommodating - the perfect home for our stay.     Alex was a great host. Was excellent on communicating and checking in. The apartment is as described and is in an awesome spot and central to all things you could need or want. Would definitely recommend staying here and hope to be back soon! Alex was quick to respond to texts and made our stay wonderful.  The apt is just a few blocks from China Town and Little Italy.  The subway was just around the corner.  We had a great time !!!  gloria Alex and Fernan were wonderful hosts!  My friend and I stayed at this apartment for two nights, we are both ex-New Yorkers  who came in to celebrate my friends birthday. We are both moms with young kids who now live in the suburbs, so this was our chance to get away for the weekend and pretend we were living in NYC again.  The apartment was very clean, smelled great, and the location was excellent!  The wifi worked really well, and both the bed in the bedroom and the futon in the living room are very comfortable. Lots of towels and bedding, pillows, for us to use. The only thing I could criticize was that the bedroom does get a lot of street noise, and the shower head in the bathroom could be improved. We had a great stay and would definitely stay there again! Finding the Place, finding Alex was straight forward and Alex was right on time to welcome me in his apartment.  The place is well located, very clean and comfortable.  Neighborhood is very lively.   Overall great experience at Alexs place.  All is in working order, and the neighbours are even helpful (we had to wait for a few minutes outside for Alex to arrive and one of the neighbours suggested we wait inside the majn entrance.  Considering it is Lafayette St. be prepared for honking horns and street noise in the apartment even at night, but this should be taken into account before even considering this place.  I would suggest to those who have a late flight and need to keep luggage someplace to check out cbh luggage, for example, who offer storage service for less than half of what Alexs friend offered us for our bags.  When we left we tried to contact both Alex and Fernan, left messages and phoned at around 9 oclock AM, but we got no response or call back.  Our call was only to make sure we did what we had to do, and we hope the no response is not recurring especially for urgent issues. This apartment was fantastic! In a fantastic and buzzing area of New York just as the listing states. The apartment is clean, secure and comfortable. Alex was extremely responsive and flexible when coordinating transfer of keys. We would definitely recommend the apartment and stay here ourselves if we were back in New York! great location. very basic. bring your own toiletries.  Amazing location in SoHo. Apartment was very comfortable. Communication with host could have been better. There were four non-working lightbulbs, the floor was a bit gritty, and it would have been nice to have written directions on how to use the tv.  The apartment was very nice and in a great location!  The bedroom was close to the street so there was some noise at night.  Earplugs would be a good idea.  I would definitely stay here again. The location was excellent, near most of the subway lines. In fact, we never needed to make connections as we were always near a line that dropped us home. The apartment was as shown in the pictures. Alex was always responsive and allowed us an early check in. The neighbourhood is amazing : everything seemed to happen in Lafayette street... Bowies house, a movie shooting at our door, pre-fashion week coctails nextdoor and the most charming cafés all round... The café downstairs was so nice... We really felt part of the city.  Little things could be improved but, nevertheless, we felt at home. Thats the first and most important things anda apartment should provide. I dont think Alex exists, but Fernand and Edward were really helpful in meeting my group at the place and they have a nice written, laminated piece of paper with helpful tips. The place is located in a great neighborhood, but I have a few gripes with my stay: a rickety pipe or something that banged loudly every so often, cockroaches seen on multiple occasions in the kitchen and bathroom, and poor unusable wifi! Pros: cable televisions in both rooms.  The check-in process left something to be desired, after I waited outside for 20 minutes I realized that I wasnt communicating with Alex at all for my check in.  Its an ok apartment, but I wished the experience was better. Our stat at Alexs apartment in Soho was everything we wished for our vacation. Easy and flexible check in and check out, was great to have Fernan showing us the ropes at arrival, perfect location in the earth of Soho, a dream for any former Newyorker who never got the budget to live in the area as myself :) the bedroom is right on Lafayette, which might get pretty noisy especially during the weekend, but would definitely not have picked any other Airbnb for our stay! Thank you Alex! Alexs apartment is in the best location in Soho. Everything at your doorstep. We enjoyed the apartment, good sized bedroom, small bathroom but had a tub which was great for my two year old. We were there in winter, the heater in the bedroom made the room and anything synthetic overheat but we were told this was controlled by the apartment which was quite old so not much we could do about this. The apartment was great in general and would stay again for sure. pas d indications pour la télé Great location, easy to organise, and fantastic value for money. Had everything we needed to enjoy four nights in New York.  Will definitely be back again. Its was a nice appartement like on the fotos. We apprecied the disponibility of Alex. The station of metro is very closed to the appartement. Le logement est idéalement situé dans Soho à proximité immédiate de plusieurs stations de métro. Il est conforme aux photos et assez propre malgré trois cafards dans la salle de bain. La chambre donnant sur la rue, il faut prévoir des bouchons doreilles. Les couchages sont agréables. La vaisselle est minimale mais suffisante pour 3 personnes. Fernan et Edward sont réactifs mais la remise des clefs à été expéditive et aurait pu être plus chaleureuse. My friend and I had a wonderful trip to New York. The apartment is in a fantastic location and we felt very lucky to be surrounded by lovely restaurants and bars, and to be within easy walking distance from the main places we wanted to visit. Our arrival went smoothly and the apartment had all the amenities we wanted. However, we were disappointed that the apartment wasnt very clean. Perfect location - great apartment!  Looks JUST LIKE the photos.  Lots of natural light.  Very comfortable apartment (there were 3 adults in our group).  Sofa pulls out to a comfy bed and plenty of linens for all guests.  This is the perfect location in SoHo - two blocks from shopping, a block away from two great bakeries (Balthazar and Ceci Cela) and theres a view of La Esquina taqueria from the window.  Duane Reade and #6 train right across the park.  Am planning to book next time I am in city and am recommending to friends!  Thanks Alex!!! This apt is great. The location couldnt be better. Right next to a subway stop. Just blocks from Little Italy. Tons of shopping. Alex was very responsive to all my emails.  Getting the keys was a breeze   The apt is as presented jn the pictures.  Its small but enough for up to 4 people.  It is on a corner and the bedroom faces the street so it does get pretty loud.  I am used to city noises but this was beyond what Im used to.  Ear plugs the 2nd night helped and we had no problem sleeping once they were purchased.  I would stay there again The location of Alexs place is amazing - directly facing a park with outstanding restaurants on the same block, amazing pizza and New York Cheesecake across the street.  Incredible Soho location.  The apartment is as listed. There are two flights of stairs and the building is old. It is located in a convenient space (restaurants, shopping) and within walking distance to the subway. The apartment is stocked with towels, sheets, blankets  and dishes; this made our stay comfortable. The Apartment certainly did not live up to its billing or our expectations.  The set-up was very basic - almost student like, with absolutely no homely touches.  It was situated 2 floors up and as a result was extremely noisy - to the extent that we couldnt sleep on the first night.  We actually booked out after the first night rather than spend another night there even though we had paid for a second. Great location but noise levels and the basic layout would rule this out for me. We loved this apartment! This apartment was exactly as described. Pictures are accurate. It was clean with plenty of towels and bedding. The mattress in the bedroom was memory foam and very comfy. Futon was comfortable. The air conditioning worked well in both the living room and bedroom. The air conditioning was noisy but drowned out some street noise. We recommend ear plugs being on Lafayette. Communicating with Alex and Fernan was easy. Fernan was waiting at the apartment when we arrived and gave us a warm welcome. It was a walk up like most NYC apartments. We would definitely stay here again in a heartbeat! Alles was prima. Appartementje basic en schoon in een gezellige buurt met meerdere gezellige restaurantjes in dezelfde straat. Helaas geen contact gehad met de verhuurder en dit was ook niet verkrijgen gedurende onze tijd daar. Enige minpuntje van het verblijf. The apartment is well located. We have stay 1 week in a group of 4 persons and it was ok.  The only thing is that you will need earplug for the night because the street noise is a bit loud ( but its usually the same everywhere in NY) . The bed is really confortable and you have everything you need in the apartment ( towels, sheets ... ). The negative point is that its really complicate to reach the host in case you have a question so make sure to have the right phone number before leaving to make sure to reach the right person because I think its a agency so lots of person. I often go to NY and I recommand this place because I had a nice stay and its the best location you can get in Manhattan.  The apartement is very well located. If you want the real NYC experience, this is it! There is a lot of shops around. It is not far from the uptown museums (MoMA, MET, Etc). What is actually nice about this location is that you are not stuck to live uptown where there is too many people and you get to live with local people for a few days!    I did not think that it was noisy as some of the other people comments. Obviously, you are in NYC so it is not quiet either.    I Would book again this place if it is available next time I pop by NYC. I had a great stay in NYC, the place is very well located, in the same block of a subway station. The pictures are better than the place it self, but its okay. I had problems contacting the host on the weekend of my stay, couldnt get a answer from the number he provided and only got a message when contacted using Airbnb, after a few days.  Overall my stay was really good and close to the apartment there is a nice  cafe which I had dinner every day. Un très bon accueil, merci  Lappartement est petit pour quatre mais suffisant et idéalement situé pour visiter NY. Toutes les commodités sont à proximité : Metro, restos, shopping, etc  À recommander pour un séjour à NY  The host was great, the location was great, and the bed was comfy. Everything went smoothly meeting the host and I felt comfortable in the neighborhood. I can say that the extra blanket had the last persons hair on it  We (3 people) have stayed at Alexs place 4 nights.  Everything was perfect : Alex made arrangements so we can check in at 1.00 pm.  The neighborhood is busy : bars, restaurants, entertainment, which we loved !  The apartment is very well located, clean, convenient, you can trust the pictures !!!  The only concern was the noise from the street, but I think you can expect this when you go to NYC :)  Now I know where to rest for my future trips to NYC !!!  ------------------  Nous avons passé 4 nuits avec ma famille dans ce logement.  Alex a fait en sorte que nous puissions prendre possession des lieux avant lheure prévue, ce qui nous a permis de profiter plus tôt que prévu de New York.  Le quartier est très animé, très sympa, des bars, des resto, tout ce quil faut. Il est super bien desservi au niveau transport en commun.  Les photos reflètent bien la réalité.  Le seul ""hic"" est le bruit venant de la rue, mais je pense que lon doit sy attendre lorsquon veut loger en plein centre de NY. En tout cas, ça na pas gâché nos vacances :)  A recommander !!!     We stayed 3 nights at Alexs place. Alex and his friend Fernan was nice, except it would be easier if they could have send the information to us sooner, I had a bad network and most Airbnb host would send out exact information, ie how to get in the apartment etc once we confirmed.  I had to asked Alex couple times before he sent out.     Pros:   The place is quite small for 4 people, but we are pretty used to living in small apartment coz we are from Hong Kong, its in good location, very easy access to many different attractions.     Cons:   The apartment is quite dusty, i mean like dusty dusty, and its pretty noisy all day long, not sure if thats because its NYC, but its so noisy to a point that cops and ambulances going in and out every 10 mins.     Anyway, its been quite a journey, if you looking for a cheap and easy access place to stay, I would recommend it, but if you are quite picky, this might to be your perfect apartment to stay.   Amenities and space as described, but we found it a bit tight for the 4 guests traveling. Location was great. The location of the apartment is the biggest selling feature. Its within a block or two of a bunch of subway lines and is in one of the best NYC neighborhoods (in my opinion!).  It was a bit noisy at night, but the description said it would be, so it wasnt unexpected. I did need earplugs a couple of the nights, but I had them handy and was prepared for it. Overall, we had a really great stay here. It was exactly as described in the listing and the hosts were there when we needed them to be. I have just recently returned from a 4 night stay in Alexs apartment with my wife and two children, travelling from the uk. The communication we received before we checked in seemed to be ok although we did ask a very simple question (Are there any extra towels in the apartment?) twice and received no reply. HOWEVER the night before arrival Alex emailed us and said he would be out of the country and gave us different contact details for arrival!!! Long story short, this would then lead to us being unable to get into the apartment for 2 hours after the arranged check in time!!! We where on the street in the cold with two kids and all our luggage. With absolutely no contact via phone email or text from host or any other contact details he left us. It was only when we got in touch with the airbnb emergency contact we finally managed to get in (we had actually started looking for hotels to stay in).  The apartment itself was clean and tidy and in a great spot to explore New York, however! There where four of us staying in the apartment and there are only x2 cutlery knives!!!! Lights not working in the bathroom and loose dangerous tiles on the kitchen floor, air con in the kitchen didnt work, and the intercom on the door was broken which was one reason we where locked out for two hours. Finally the most worrying aspect of the apartment is there are NO smoke detectors, carbon monoxide alarms or fire extinguishers at all, even though it states that they are provided in the airbnb write up. It also states in the apartment lobby that this is a legal requirement! Weve had no response (apology) at all from the host regarding the complete shambles of a check in, but why would he, hes had his money now!  We feel that with a small amount of effort from the host this apartment could be great, but right now I would not recommend staying here. I used to live in the city and always enjoy staying in my favorite neighborhoods when I come back to visit. This cute apartment is in the perfect location right in the middle of all the great downtown neighborhoods. I loved walking around to get breakfast, shop and the train is right there. Theres plenty of space to stretch out and the bed is comfortable. You will hear some city sounds, so its a good idea to bring earplugs for sleeping if that sort of thing bothers you. I loved staying here and would again. Appartement was ok gezien je in New York toch niet op de kamer blijft zitten. Properheid kon beter. Vooral gezien er 73€ schoonmaakkosten gevraagd wordt. De badkamer was vuil. En achter het sofabed (die gedraaid moest worden om comfortabel als bed te kunnen gebruiken zonder alle ruimte in de living te verliezen) lag nog kauwgom van de vorige huurders. Douche is wat prutsen. Badkamer is nogal verouderd. Wel meer dan voldoende handdoeken en bedlinnen aanwezig. In de slaapkamer is ook voldoende ruimte. Zelfs een ruime kast ter beschikking! Living -en keukenruimte is aan de kleine kant indien je het sofabed moet gebruiken. Maar voor NY ok. Veel tijd spendeer je er toch niet.   Indien je een plaats wilt om te overnachten en je de mindere kantjes kan negeren, is het app best aangenaam. Goede ligging. Veel kan te voet. Leuke eettentjes vlakbij (zelfs vlak onder het gebouw). Dus na een drukke dag uptown is het wel leuk dat je  s avonds niet verplicht bent een metro te nemen om een restaurantje te zoeken. Heerlijk ontbijt is vlakbij ook in verschillende plaatsen beschikbaar. Hou wel rekening met wat straatlawaai. Het appartement ligt aan een drukke weg en NYers klaxoneren graag.   Aankomst verliep al bij al vlot. We kregen op voorhand een gsmnr door van een kennis vd eigenaar (gezien hij zelf niet aanwezig was) die we moesten bellen na ontvangst vd bagage en nadien nog eens op het ogenblik we op 10min vh app verwijderd waren. Persoon in kwestie was op tijd. Wel had de uitleg wat uitgebreider en trager gekunnen. Hij was precies nogal in a hurry. Maar al bij al dus ok. We hadden nadien nog een vraag. En kregen vlot antwoord op onze sms.  Cosy apartment in a very good location. Second time at Alex and would go back for a third time.  Love the location and the apartment. The apartment was as we saw in the pictures, no surprises. At night it was noisy, as we already knew by reading the comments from previous guests. It has old windows, and thought them all the noise and the wind comes in. Besides that, the apartment was wonderful. The location is great (next to the subway) and in a good neighborhood with lots of places where to have dinner.  Easy to find, extremely well located, to Little Italy, SoHo and the subway.  Clean, clean and clean are the first three words that came to mind when we got there.  Perfect apartment for exploring the city and so much going on nearby for dinner and nightlife.  We had a blast both nights in Little Italy.  Starbucks right around the corner and lots of little cafes and such that make you feel like a local.  Great communication, excellent value.   AWESOME place to stay! We had a group of 4. The couch/futon was roomy enough for two of us, there were plenty of towels available and sheets/blanket/pillows for the futon. The apartment was clean, although I did  suggest that the shower curtain needs to be replaced. Fernan and Alex were easy to communicate with, the location is fantastic, sometimes a little loud at night, but thats New York City, so thats expected. There are many great cafes and the subway is easy to get to, we really liked Cafe Select, amazing food and coffee! Thank you for a great stay! I would book the appartment again! It has a very good location, enough towels, enough space, its clean and has a fast Check - in! Owner are always available! We absolutely loved our stay in SoHo! The cafe right downstairs from the apartment is a great place to grab a drink. The apartment was clean and the location was amazing and very close to the subway. It was a bit loud at night, which comes with staying in the city, but be sure to bring earplugs if youre a light sleeper! The place is amazingly well located. The apartment itself it exactly how it looks on the pictures and in the description, which was perfect. I highly recommand it, but make sure to communicate very early every request you may have for the host.  Recomendadísimo Nous avons passé un très bon séjour à 3 en famille dans cet appartement   Je recommande ce logement  This place is perfect for couples. Well-located in a pleasant neighborhood with lots to do nearby.  Correspond à lannonce. Quartier sympa et appartement bien agencé. Ligne de métro juste à côté. Je recommande.  Good location. Close to public transit, shops and restaurants. A little noisy because of the street and the old heaters inside the apartment. Great place for week-ends in the city but not longer. Great place in an awesome location. We enjoyed a week-long stay here. This place is very basic but in a great location.  Its a very good deal, so we should have known it would be lacking in some creature comforts. Kindof hard mattresses, smells of cleaning chemicals and a little stale smoke (maybe from neighbors?), street noise, no soap or toiletries. Recommended only if you just need a place to crash - but totally fine if you know what your are signing up for. La ubicación espectacular si o si me alojaría nuevamente en esa zona, no epicentro del turismo y si de lugareños. Barrio ruidoso por la noche pero muy lindo. No bueno con niños dado que no tiene ascensor y cargar valijas y coche de bebe por escaleras no es cómodo. Departamento normal, limpio, muchas toallas y lo imprescindible  The apartment is well located, in Soho a couple of blocks from Little Italy. Subway stop around the corner. Starbucks around the corner, La Colombe coffee a couple of blocks away. I would recommend this place. Awesome SOHO location, very walkable! Apartment was clean and the whole process was easy with Alex.    Owners were great, helped us upstairs with our bags and met us very late at night after we landed. Location was perfect and neighborhood was great. The place is really old though and a little tight for four people.  Alexs spot was in a great area in SoHo.  The apartment itself was clean and in order. Great location and the hosts accommodated us. Tha apartment is small but just big enough for four people.  Its a basic apartment with no extras. I ditto Elenas April 2017 review. I would recomend. The place was great to us. The location is just perfect. Can get a little bit noisy at some times but other than that we enjoyed our 10 days stay There is a reason why this apartment is so cheap. It is tired and shabby, the furnishings are basic, it is dusty, the bathroom is tired with mould in the shower grouting. The entrance hall area is also very shabby and the bins lining the entrance hall smell pretty bad. The location however is excellent so I guess you get what you pay for. Greta location, but insanely noisy. Had to sleep on couch in the end as bedroom. Way too loud.  Apartment was as advertised but a little uncared for: dust in windows etc and floors dirty . Alexs appartment is an ideal location for a trip to NY, I lived there with my wife and it was a real pleasure.  Alex is reactive, communicative and concerned about his guests. Awesome trip !! Alexs flat is in a perfect location to enjoy what NYC offers.  I stayed with a family of four and the space offered by the apartment, with a separate bedroom and pull out futon was appreciated.  Spring Street subway station was a block away, as are a Starbucks, food truck with good eats at low prices, and multiple bar and restaurant choices literally steps from the door.  Apartment is not stylish or plush but completely functional and acceptable.  The location and value are hard to beat.  The check in was smooth and Alex responded promptly to an issue we had with the water that was caused by an unforseen municipal repair.  The apartment and host were both good and I would stay there again. Great place! Great: close to good transportation links, and its location in Soho. Not so great: cigarette smoke from restaurant below wafted regularly through the open bedroom window. Bad: Alex was not responsive to many communications, and airbnb finally intervened. No information even for wifi was provided. It is very well placed. If you don’t look for any kind of luxury this can be your place. This was our first trip to NYC. This apartment was perfect for my husband and I. The subway was across the street, along with others nearby. There are cute restaurants and coffee shops all within waking distance.   There was plenty of fresh towels, and a iron to use. There is street noise, but what do you expect- its NYC   Hosts were quick in communicating! Certain amenities such as toilet paper and clean sponge were not provided or were scarce. The location is great. Note it is two stare cases high however the gentleman offer to carry a bag up. There was roadworks operating late at night outside but honestly not much of an issue. Also, the size of the place is small, especially with the sofa bed out but that is of course to be expected in Manhattan. The experience was not good. Precarious furniture and a lot of noise. Impossible to sleep. The photos do not show what we actually find. Feeling of insecurity. We had to go to a hotel and pay for the loss. The apartment was great, clean and we had everything we needed. I would have liked a little better response with questions that we had and at night, the internet acted a little funny (WiFi network would disappear then reappear). But all in all, we had a great stay! The space is exactly what you see in the pictures, everything is very clean, the location is amazing. No complaints from me. Apartment is nice and centrally located. Great value for the location."	0
475	Andrew & Markus are wonderful hosts!!!  They are friendly, respectful and helpful.  And the apartment that we stayed in was clean, comfortable, well appointed, conveniently located and just fabulous!  We will definitely stay there again!    Julie & Hannah The reservation was canceled 23 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Nice cozy place and very convenient to the train station. Would highly recommend to anyone looking for a nice private 2 bd in Brooklyn. Nice clean apartment We really enjoyed our stay. Location was great — very close to the G train.  Had an excellent stay here. The location is pretty good, with easy access to Manhattan. Keypad locks on the door are handy, because it means that you dont have to share keys between a few people. The place was clean and smelled good, which is always an important start for me! In addition, when we had a problem with the toilet on the second day, someone was around to fix it within a few hours without any trouble. Would recommend it. Markus and Andrew are wonderful hosts. Everything was according to the description. The apartment was nice, clean and comfortable. It is conveniently located close to a subway station. I would recommend their apartment to anyone who is planning a trip to New York.	1
476	"Dads place was perfect for my sister and I to check out galleries on foot, take the subway to Times Square right outside the door, feel part of the city and people watch on 7th Avenue from our third floor windows, keep slim and trim walking up the stairs, and buy delicious reasonably priced meals and soups at the fabulous Eastside Market and hear them up in the cute kitchen area. Des was the perfect host and went out of his way to meet me with the keys. A lively neighborhood. We felt very much a part of New York City. The apt is in a good location. The subway and grocery store are nearby. However, the strong smoking smell in the apt stayed still, even though I tried every ways to get rid of it but it didnt work at all. Des is a good household and she replied my message really quick.  Desmond’s place is great - very close to the subway, decent eating options all around and, the most important part - walkable distance from everywhere in the village or southern midtown. It is a bit noisy in the night - there’s a hospital nearby, but otherwise I had a great stay. Cheers, Desmond! The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. This apt. Is in the best location for getting anywhere in manhattan or Brooklyn. The apt. is a great size for a 1 bedroom. Des went out of his way to try to rescue my 9yr old daughter and I by checking us in early because of another airbnb last minute cancelation.  I would definitely stay here again and highly recommend it.  Its a fair price for NY. Des was a great host. The smell of smoke in the apartment lingered in the apt but Des was responsive in trying to fix it.  Everything good, just really noisy since windows are facing directly to 7th av. And pipes whistling like any Other old NY style apartment. But its spacious, super central and in a great area. Des was available and easy to talk to. I would suggest. Des is a very nice, quick to respond guy. The apartment is in a great location, right besides the subway entrance. Given that it is on 7th avenue it can get a little bit noisy at night, but nothing that bad. The apartment is big, great for two people, but the bathroom was a little bit run down. I would recommend it, especially for shorter stays. Where do I start....the photos of the listing are of a clean apt, with furniture, and a comfortable bed. When we arrived we noticed that the apt no longer had most of the furniture, was filthy (even though we had to wait while the cleaning lady finished), smelt of cigarette smoke, had no glassware, or anything to cook with. The bedding wasnt washed, and neither were the towels. The pillows were heavily soiled, and almost ""soggy"" with moisture. It was a disappointment to say the least. I would definitely look for other listings if youre looking for a decent place to stay while in New York. No recomiendo el apartamento.  Las fotos no son reales. Falta mobiliario: armarios, sofá, cuadros, taburetes de La Cocina.....el apartamento está mucho más viejo de lo que aparece.  La persona de contacto no es la que aparece en el anuncio.  Es un eñgaño"	0
477	Noahs listing is an accurate description of the place. It looks exactly as it does in the photos, and its also an incredibly accessible apartment. We loved that it was very centrally located in Washington Heights. Its great for travelers carrying luggage as its located on the first floor and the building is very secure. Noah was not there during our stay, but it was easy to get in touch with both Noah and his roommate Charles via text. Noahs place is very conveniently located and great value.  I am satisfied. The apartment was accessible for me with big luggage. The wifi could have been a bit better. . Accessible place, not fancy but good for the money. Some good restaurants near the area and subway stations. Excellent communication with the host.	0
478	"Apollos place is very cozy and very well designed with great location in downtown Manhattan. Apollo is super nice and accommodating. He helped us with the heavy luggage twice and recommended many good places to us which lead us to great fun in NYC.  Apollo was an absolutely wonderful host! The space was stylish, functional, and comfortable. As you can see the bedroom is small but it is really all you need for a trip in the city. The bed was comfortable and Apollo made us feel comfortable using the rest of the space (living room, kitchen, and bathroom). Apollo even went out and bought a lamp because he saw that it was kind of dark in the living room where I was trying to put on my makeup because my husband was in the shower. Apollo invited us out with him and friends and was a great host!  Apollo was nice and friendly - we met briefly for keys in the hallway as he was on his way out, our flight to JFK was delayed so we arrive later than previously planned.  Upon meeting him, we found out the apt was on the fifth floor(!!!more like 5.5th floor given the structure of the building) and no elevator in the building.  It was a slight issue since our luggage were heavy and the staircase were quite steep and narrow.  The whole apt/bedroom was smallish, but it is understandable as its NYC !!!  AND its with walking distance to shops/restaurants SOHO, so no complaints.         Couple of observations on the apt upon check-in, 1: whole apt was warm and comfy since it was freezing outside this time of year; 2: no curtain in the bedroom (ok because my gf&I are good sleepers) - Apollo did say he could install something the same day when we brought it up (we only staying for a night so we said no need for the trouble); 3: every few minutes, there would be very loud noise coming from exterior of the building (sounded like steel cables from lightning rod hitting the fire escape due to strong wind that day).  But we didnt think too much about it.      A few hours after check-in, Appollo demanded a pic of my govt issued ID to be sent to his mobile, which I found odd.. as none previous AirBnb hosts requested such things, none even required to see it tbh since we are very good in the initial conversations with hosts, prior to booking, introducing who we are and where we coming from (additionally I experienced identity theft in the past so I wasnt feeling as comfortable - I would be ok showing the ID in person but he demanded sending it to his phone).   My girlfriend and I hestitated for a couple hours and Apollo texted saying if I didnt send the ID within an hour then we should leave.  We thought about moving but it was below freezing outside in NYC that weekend and we already had dinner plans with friends - so we gave in and sent the ID over.       At night, we went back and the loud noise was still there!  After a few minutes, we discovered that it actually came from the big waterpipes running up/down the building, one pipe outside the bedroom and one in bathroom (possibly radiators or carrying sewage water).   The noise was extremely loud and consistent, so needless to say - it destroyed our sleep, despite wearing the ear plugs the host provided (I have never wore earplugs in my life).  So I would not recommend this place to any light sleepers out there.    Overall experiences - I think it is fair to say ""not great"", therefore the 2 stars due to the lack of sleep; but not terrible (1 star) either with aforementioned points.  Hope the review help others.  Great location!! Everything you need for a great stay, we enjoyed it a lot! Andonis was very helpful.  The space was trendy and clean. We felt very comfortable. I wasnt actually able to met Apollo but he was quick in responding if I had any questions. Apollo was the best! We didnt get to meet until the last day of our stay, but with that being said, he was very flexible and responsive to our texts prior and during our stay. He even let us store our luggage for the entire day (our flight was at midnight). Best host experience Ive come across.    The area is very LES - very lively and has amazing food. It is well connected by the F train (5 mins walk), which goes uptown into the heart of the city so there was no problem getting around. The space is exactly as it is listed, and the room a bit cozier than expected, but it wasnt a problem for us. It is very NYC ;-) I would definitely stay here again next time. The host canceled this reservation 15 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 7 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. I really enjoyed my stay at Apollos - the flat and the room are both very cozy and comfortable, the neighborhood is quite nice as well. the only grey spot is the lack of a lift, which was not an issue for me as i only had a not too big suitcase, but might be an issue for other guests Apollos Apartment liegt in einer wunderschönen Gegend mit vielen Bars, Restaurants und einem sehr netten Park. Die Anbindung an das U-Bahn-Netz ist hervorragend (keine 5 Minuten zu Fuß), man erreicht Midtown Manhattan in unter einer halben Stunde, nach Brooklyn ist es noch kürzer. Obwohl wir Apollo nicht getroffen haben, war er sehr hilfsbereit, hat sich häufig erkundigt ob es seinen Gästen gut geht und die Abwicklung (Ankunft und Checkout) einfach gestaltet. Das Zimmer ist sehr klein, dennoch bietet die Wohnung alles was man braucht. Im Wohnzimmer steht eine große Couch, das Bad bietet beim Duschen  einen wunderbaren Ausblick und es gibt eine Küche. Obwohl das Zimmer bei der Ankunft nicht sehr sauber war (wir haben uns mit dem Staubsauger in der Wohnung selbst geholfen und das Bett teilweise frisch bezogen) und die Wohnung im fünften Stock ohne Lift liegt, würde ich Apollos Apartment jederzeit weiterempfehlen. Wir sind nach New York gefahren um viel von der Stadt zu sehen und sind dementsprechend unterwegs gewesen. Für Pausen zwischen Seightseeing und Esssen oder Ausgehen bietet es den gewünschten Rückzugsort, weshalb es genau unsere Anforderungen genau erfüllte. Apollo was very communicative and kind, too bad we didnt got to meet each other ! His apartment was nicely decorated and everything was clean.  Id totally recommend this stay ! Ooh and the aria is beautiful ! The host canceled this reservation 3 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Apollos apartment was great! Right in the heart of LES and close to public transit...what more could you ask for. The bed is super comfy and the room is a nice size. Apollo also worked around my very late arrival and very early departure. Id definitely stay here again. The room was definitely way smaller then I expected.  I think that it should be mentioned in the description that the apartment is a five story walk-up.  The neighborhood was great.  Staying at Apollos was great! The apartment was clean and as described. The location is very convenient for the subway and easy walking distance to the East Village. Apollo was very available and helpful before and during our stay and the key collection was super convenient. Overall a very good experience.  The location is really strategic, Lower East Side is the neighborhood that most of all deserves to be seen.  The room and apartment is small, but the interior is very nice and with a great style.  The apartment is on the 5th floor of stairs. I recommend it to people easy and young like me.  Alone is better. Apollo was always very clear and helpful. Thank you I LOVED staying here! I stayed in Williamsburg for the first part of my trip but once I got to LES I had wished I had stayed here the whole time. This apartment is very close to a lot of LES recommended sights and restaurants (things on several must do lists I have been given). The train is also very close. Its easy to walk to Brooklyn from here, over the bridge. The place is a 5 storey walk up - as are many in New York, so its better if you are travelling with a back pack. Or travelling light. I would come back here again and again - beautiful light filled room, comfy bed, great interiors, clean, central - everything you need. There are plenty of supermarkets near by, and lots of blow wave bars for the girls! I was there for work, and I enjoyed spending time on my laptop in the loft space. I enjoyed my stay at Apollos place. It was a clean and cozy space with a great location. Apollo was very responsive and accommodating. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Apollos place was nice and contemporary. Its on the 5th floor of a walk up, so people with big bags should be aware. The bed was comfortable but there were sooo many pillows. Air-conditioning worked well and was a blessing against the summer heat and humidity. The bathroom is clean and there is hot water, the fridge works as well and theyre well equipped with the basic necessities.   I dont know if my allergies are too sensitive but since Im allergic  to dust, my nose would clog up and Id keep sneezing whenever I was in the room. Otherwise, a great stay. Wonderful host -- we never met but he made the stay seamless.  Very accommodating and responsive and the apartment was just perfect for the price.  Would highly recommend."	0
479	As a group who travels often for work, we frequently stay in multiple Airbnbs in various cities. Having stayed in multiple locations throughout Brooklyn - this place was a gem. May was very accommodating - even installing the AC as soon as the weather started to heat up.  Wonderful place and location. Would definitely come back. It is a good place to stay except for  noise from the street at night. The traffic is convenient and theres a big food market within several blocks. It is worth recommending. Clean and good location and value but very basic with some teething problems which will Im sure be ironed out by host. Not what its seem Ive done better Good apartment in the East area of New York. May ask very talkative and helpful. However the apartment is old and the shower is out dated. In our opinion the apartment needs serious renovations. The kitchen and bathroom are outdated and almost every room is damaged. Airco was only available in one room. Wed expected some welcoming information and instructions about the house and neighborhood, but there were none.   Communication with May was good as well as the neighborhood and subway connection. I would only recommend this apartment after serious renovations. Great apartment in a nice neighbourhood in NYC safe and only a few blocks away from subway station. The apartment has 4 small rooms and kitchen, 2 separate bedrooms, with 2 double beds of excellent quality, every room has a ventilator the master bedroom an airconditioner.   This is clearly a new apartment/ airbnb setup which means that the apartment is relatively empty: no salt, pepper, oil, very few cooking utensils, plates and cups, no cleaning materials, feels a little bit like camping out. I can warmly recommend this place! We stayed at Mays place for 2 weeks in August. For 5 of us there was enough space (2 bedrooms + 1 room with airbed), fully-equipped kitchen and bathroom. All was a bit old fashioned, but I suppose that for this price its ok. It takes about 7-10 minutes walk to the nearest Subway station and as far as we understand, there is the station, that is even closer to the apartment, but its currently under construction. In general, it takes 20 minutes by subway to Manhattan and about 40 minutes to the beach (the Rockaways). The Dominos pizza is in the same building, a small shop in 1 minute and bigger shops near the subway station. May is a wonderful host - she was in touch since my first inquiry and she also invited us to share a traditional Chinese dinner with her and her friend (thanks once again, it was delicious!)	0
480	Liz was extremely helpful and efficient as we needed an apartment on very short notice.   Large, sleeps four comfortably,  and key is that it is very quiet as windows face a courtyard / garden, not the street.  Has everything you could need.  A modest building, but great location on upper East Side. The host canceled this reservation 52 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The apartment was in much better condition then what I have anticipated! It already looks great in the picture, but the space is much larger and comfortable in real. Also Liz was very responsive, with all the questions you have! The neighborhood was great, in general Im very satisfied with my stay :D The host canceled this reservation 65 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. We had a great time staying in Lizs flat and exploring New York.  Its a great neighbourhood - quiet when you need it to be, close to East River and nice park for hot days, easy access to subway and Central Park in the other direction.  The flat itself is clean and pretty, and Liz made us feel right at home.  She was very flexible when we asked to stay an extra night, and responded quickly and positively to all our queries.  Even though this is not the most modern of places (we like that) it does have everything you need, including aircon which keeps the flat cool enough for even the hottest days.  Boys in our party were astounded that they could get British soccer live on the TV!!  Overall would thoroughly recommend. Viajé con mis dos hijas a NY y la ubicación me pareció muy buena. Liz me ayudó con la recepción de paquetes que mandé antes del viaje y estuvo muy atenta al despacho. También me dio información sobre taxi y el supermercado. Además adecuó la hora de entrada a nuestro vuelo de llegada sin problema.  Cuando llegamos ella nos estaba esperando con el aseo recién hecho, con indicaciones para el wifi y funcionamiento del departamento en general.   En resumen, la ubicación, muy cómoda, el barrio tranquilo y seguro. Además con varios supermercados y tiendas muy cerca.  El departamento limpio, bien equipado, con buen wifi, cómodo, la ducha muy buena, los espacios agradables.  Lo único que nos complicó fue que no tenía ascensor y andábamos con maletas grandes. Pero eso depende de cada uno.  Finalmente, Liz nos permitió dejar las maletas en el depto y pasar al baño antes de irnos al aeropuerto.   We loved everything about this place, there was plenty of space, it was beautifully decorated and very well equipped with anything one may need. The location couldnt have been better: close enough to the subway, plenty of groceries and cute little places for breakfast. Liz was a very acommodating and attentive host. Our stay was wonderful! thank you Liz! First time in NY and it was a great Experience. At arrival we were greeted by Liz and given some menus for local places that delivered food around the area and were given a tour of her place. Very cozy and warm, plenty of space to relax and sleep. Her Apartment was very well taken care of.   Location was perfect. Not too close to all the action but not far at all. There was a park about 3 minutes away, 7-11 about 1 minute away. Times Square was a 10 minute Uber ride.  Overall, great location. Away from all the traffic and congestion of the city. Very quite building and cozy. Lappartement de Liz est exactement comme sur les photographies. Il est calme, bien chauffé, et le lit est excellent. Il est parfaitement situé, surtout si on prévoit de visiter les musées du muséum mile : il est par exemple à un quart dheure à pieds en ligne droite de lentrée du Metropolitan (et donc aussi de Central Park.) Le quartier est calme et charmant et facilement accessible en bus et métro (une petite dizaine de minutes de marche). The host canceled this reservation 19 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Lovely apartment in a charming walk-up building. Bodega, laundromat, pharmacy, and park all within minutes. Comfy bed and great shower pressure! Liz generously accommodated my late arrival and greeted me with a smile. Thank you so much!  The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Liz was a great host. She was quick to respond and easy to contact before and during the stay. The apartment was clean and just as described. We really enjoyed the neighborhood and would be happy to stay at her place again in the future.  Lizs place is well-decorated, clean, and comfortable, located in a very quiet neighborhood. Liz is an amazing host, very helpful and warm-hearted. We will recommend this place. Apartment is located in nice area and is quiet and spacious by NYC standards. It also feels like a someones home. Recommended. A beautiful quite cosy place not far from mid town. Liz is a wonderful host who makes sure that everyone stays with her feels welcomed and home. Liz’s apartment was wonderfully spacious, convenient, and functional. The apartment was beautifully decorated and had a great kitchen for those whose make their food. There were two televisions with cable which also made my stay super enjoyable! The bedroom was large and comfortable, with carpeted floors, a vanity, and a door to close it off from the other spaces! It also faces a courtyard, which is both beautiful and quiet. As for the location, this apartment was perfect. The apartment was only two flights of stairs up which is really nice for move in and move out. The street of   the apartment is very clean and is close to stores, laundromats, and restaurants. Along with shops, this apartment was also very close to parks. The best part about the location was it’s proximity to the subway. This place is only 2 blocks from the Q train, which is one of the best trains I’ve been on. The train is new, clean, and dependable. Trains come every 5 minutes and have few issues compared to the older lines. Because of this line’s speed and dependability, I could get to Mid-town West (Times Square Area) everyday in 20 minutes or less with little issues. Overall, my stay was great!	1
481	Lappartement était très grand et typique dun loft dartiste, au 4ème étage, très lumineux, avec une belle vue sur Brooklyn. Il est situé à 4 min dune station de métro sur une ligne qui amène directement en plein centre de Manhattan en 15 min environ. Tanda était très sympathique et nous a donné des conseils sur les endroits sympas où manger dans le quartier. Nous avions du café, du thé et des fruits au petit déjeuner. Le chat était très discret. On a juste eu un problème de compréhension, à propos de travaux à faire dans une chambre, mais finalement tout est rentré dans lordre. Je vous conseille ce logement si vous souhaitez vivre dans un vrai loft dartiste en plein Brooklyn.  We had a really great time here!  The space was really cool and the building itself was great to check out.  Tanda was super helpful and accommodating!  The location was perfect for us, and we even found convenient street parking very close by.  I highly recommend staying here!   This was a short notice booking and the host was in Europe the whole time, but theyre so well organized I booked it and got the keys and was in with no hassle.    Beautiful studio. Like I was staying in an art gallery. Very inspirational.     Although there was no air conditioning, I spent most evenings hanging out on the roof where many of the buildings residents have build an amazing garden with the most fantastic views of the city. Worth it for just those views.    Karma the cat kept me company and welcomed me through the door each night.    Be prepared for a long climb though, the apartment is on the fourth floor. My glutes got a great work out.    Great coffee shop around the corner. Roots is very friendly and has a Ginger Mint Lemonade to kill for. Ask for the banana cake to be served warm with butter... Mmmm... :-) Tanda was very welcoming and accommodating of our needs. She went out of her way to make sure we were comfortable. Upon arrival, the whole apartment was well-cleaned and prepared for us to move in for the weekend. I was very happy with the stay, I would highly recommend Tanda as a host.  The place is overall all right, however in my opinion the one perk with this room is the lack of a window -even if it is inside a loft, this room is closed up on all sides-. You don’t realize it when looking at the pics because the photos were taken with the door open and artificial lighting on. When you are inside the room you feel more like in a basement rather than in a loft. I guess if you are planning to spend most of the day out it may not be a problem but I really think that the lack of natural light and of a direct source of fresh unfiltered air affects the overall pleasantness of the place.    This being said the place satisfied my other minimum requirements: free of pests, no obvious stain in bathroom or bedsheets, basic utilities functioning all right (e.g. hot water, wi-fi, electricity), neighborhood felt safe even at night and real comfortable mattress.    Tanda was quickly available via text or call and made the room available for me on a very short notice -same day booking- which I appreciated. She was also very flexible with check out times since on my last day I had injured my arm and needed to take it slowly, also this was much appreciated.     As a last minute solution it was just fine, but based on my own previous experience of Brooklyn, at the price point 110 USD per night all fees included, I felt that this windowless room on the 4th floor without elevator in a slightly run down building was a bit overpriced.  Tandas apartment is wonderful and if you are looking to stay somewhere authentic and get a real feel for what its like to stay in Brooklyn then look no further. She and Diego are wonderful hosts, very friendly  and inclusive and incredibly helpful. The space is charming and you may even get to see them creating some of their art pieces which is an added bonus. Great links to subway right around the corner and a short work up to prospect park or along 5th avenue where there are endless bars and restaurants. Would definitely love to stay here again. Tanda is a thoughtful host. She responds quickly to all communications and provides excellent accommodations. Thank you Tanda! Loved this artist loft! It was a quintessential NYC experience staying with two artists. Tanda and her husband were such cool and gracious hosts!  The room was a bit hot but once the AC was on it was great.   Thank you! Its like an apartment within an apartment. Very clean private space. Tanda communicated well.  Okay stay, but not an ideal month. The gas was shut off to the whole building, which was in the listing. I thought that meant no heat, but unfortunately, also no gas stove. Cooking was a challenge, but they eventually got a gas burner. The owners were not around very much at all and the room was nice and private. Didn’t mind not having a window. However, the AC exhaust for the room was covered up by an angry neighbor and started pumping hot air into the room. I loved the art studio and didn’t mind the workshop feel, but could have been a LOT cleaner. Finally, the host offered me a credit for a couple of days because of a broken door and no gas, but never approved the refund despite multiple messages over two weeks. Airbnb had to step in.  I try to remain positive. But it was pretty disappointing overall.	1
482	Howards place in Brooklyn is really special.  Stepping off the busy city streets into a quiet, very nicely decorated row house was exactly what I needed.  The living room is beautiful and relaxing with tons of great art on the walls and interesting books to peruse.  The kitchen is small but has everything you need (I never cook when I am around so much food variety anyways) and the small back garden is also a plus.  Two bedrooms and a day bed provided plenty of room to sleep.  This rental is best for quiet couples or friends as there is a family upstairs.  Howard was super helpful and attentive and my experience was a great one.  We really enjoyed our stay at Howards apartment. Howard was a lovely host and was there to meet me when I checked in and walk me through the house. The apartment was exactly as described with plenty of charm and character. Howard has part of his impressive art collection on display and the. The house has two double bedrooms. A nice dining/ living room. The kitchen is a bit small but is well stocked. Theres also a large garden at the back.     The subway was only a few minutes away - the J Train and is an easy commute to Manhattan and JFK. Theres also a decent supermarket and a few shops close by. All in all, we were happy and comfortable with our stay.     Howards place is very spacious, comfortable, and charming. Howard was attentive and easy to reach. Very close to the J line; just a bit further from A/C/E. Howard was an amazing host. Very accommodating. His place if full of charm and character in a very cool part of Brooklyn. Highly recommended.  Good place, well communicated, nice backyard. Smooth and good sleep. Recommend it. Howard was tops 10. At Check-in it was great to meet Howard at the location. We went through some need-to-knows, a tour, and I was able to learn about the history of the house which was great. A buddy and I spent the NYE weekend here and went to plenty of events in Manhattan. The location of the Apartment is fantastic for getting around. The nearest subway stop (an elevated line) was right around the corner. The house is on the older side and it does show. It has not been updated in some time, with a very vintage styling and there are some small places in the detailing of the wood floors that are in disrepair. I liked the look of everything but some people may not appreciate it as much. This particular weekend was brutally cold out and due to its age the place is not set up very well for temperature control and we were very cold all weekend. We had to pile blankets on the beds to stay warm at night. So keep that in mind. I think it would be just fine if the temperatures outside were more mild. I brought this up with Howard after the trip and he did inform me that there was a Temp control in one of the rooms that I missed. Not really sure that would have done much as the heating elements were Hot Water Pipes in a few rooms and were running all weekend as it were. But good to know. The space is just right, 2 good size bedrooms and a nice living room with a Dining Room attached with nice separation. Really cool looking space. The kitchen is on the small side which is to be expected in NY. We didnt do any cooking but there is a stove if need be although I never did find any silverware. Also if it is cold, the kitchen is not a good place to be, the back door does not go all the way up to the door frame and cold air was pouring in from outside which was probably part of the problem. Theres 2 bathrooms side by side, a full bath and half bath. Both were just fine and thankfully the full bath was the warmest place in the apartment with plenty of hot water for the shower. If you are mirror obsessed when you are getting ready in the mornings, its kind of darkly lit and the mirror is located in a odd location away from the light source behind the toilet in the full bath. It was fine for a couple of dudes but something to be aware of. Since it was so cold, we didnt get to explore the surrounding area or neighborhood around the house as we just booked it to the subway as quick as we could. It seems ok. I felt safe walking from and to the subway but did stay aware of my surroundings as you should anywhere. Although, I was parked...	0
483	"Andrea is my new fav. Her place is so charming and well-appointed, with modern finishings. Also, shes so accommodating and kind, making sure I had anything I needed.     Perfect location between E. Village and LES.     And she has a Tempur-Pedic mattress which is RIDICULOUSLY comfy and shortens your hangover by 2 hours.     And the central A/C is the envy of the block.  Amazing apartment in a perfect location! If you are worried that it might be too ""east"" in the village - dont hesitate! I walked everywhere - also a Citi bike is close by! Andrea is an amazing host, her apartment is comfortable and clean! (..and probably the best A/C in New York City!) Plenty of clean towels and she has a cleaning lady come between guests do everything is fresh... So impressive! STILL daydreaming about my awesome stay!!! THANK YOU!!!  Andrea was a great host, very accommodating, friendly and recommended great places to eat and bars around the area. The apartment was as described very comfortable, clean and had everything we needed. The area is very alive, lots of restaurants, bars, safe to walk around and close to the subway. Thanks Andrea for making our visit to New York enjoyable. El lugar es exactamente como muestran las fotos, muy limpio y con todos los elementos necesarios. Abundantes toallas limpias, aire acondicionado, todos los elementos de cocina. El barrio es tranquilo y seguro, hay distintos negocios alrededor y gran cantidad de bares y restaurantes. Aunque el metro no pasa muy cerca, hay varias opciones de transporte; un bus pasa a la vuelta de la esquina.  Sin dudas es un excelente alojamiento en el East Village!  Además es muy fácil comunicarse con Andrea, ella responde a los mensajes a la brevedad. Y la entrega de la llave es sencilla y rápida.  Sin dudas si regresamos a Nueva York contrataremos con Andrea. Andrea made me feel very welcome. She was there to greet me when I arrived, showed me around the apartment and also pointed out everything that was in the fridge that I should help myself to! The apartment was everything that I hoped it would be and  more and the neighborhood was fun and lively (but not disturbing). I cant rate Andrea and her apartment highly enough and I would definitely stay there again.  Andreas flat was exactly how it was described: cosy, welcoming and extremely clean. The flat is located in a very central and cool area (east village) from where you can easily go to greenwich village, brooklyn and midtown...  Andrea was waiting for us when we arrived, she took the time to make a quick tour of the flat. She was reachable in case we had any question/issue.   A excellent experience. I strongly recommend Andreas apartment for anyone looking to spend some time in NYC Andrea is a great host. Unfortunately we didnt met her in person, but she was always available via mobile if we had any questions. We had a great stay at Andreas Place. We felt really comfortable, everything we needed was there. The apartement is placed in a good and safe neighbourhood. The subway is about 10 minutes walk away. If you like walking you can reach soho, chinatown and little italy easily.   Late check out was also possible .... that was great.  We can really recommend Andrea as a host and her place.  Thanks so much Andrea.  Location: Perfect! Host: Wonderful! Flat: Awesome!    Would happily come and stay with you again Andrea. Thank you. Andrea was exceptionally easy to communicate with. The apartment is in a great location, a few blocks from the centre of East Village. You can walk pretty much anywhere South of Central Park from here in 30 mins. The apartment was clean, cosy and everything worked. I would recommend this to others without hesitation.  We had a first rate experience at Andreas. Her location is perfect and in particular , we loved her bathroom, well stocked with dozens of towels. Her kitchen is just terrific and the building has super easy access but with substantial security . You just cant go wrong at Andreas! 5/5!  Amazing location and an amazing host. My wife and I really loved it here. Right in the middle of the east village. The apartment was good. Unfortunately the building after the second day had a water problem and there was no hot water and the temperature in NY was freezing. Andrea was correct and return out money back so we can move to a different location.   We stay in her apartment during one week in New york during a beautiful sunny week. The kitchen and the bathroom were very practical and clean. Andrea was very reactive with our requests.    In comparison to other Airbnb rents, the welcome was insufficient. Indeed, the welcome was made by a friend of Andrea who left us with the keys outside of the building without indicating us the apartment.    We discovered that the apartment was in ground floor, and thus the luminosity in the living room and the room were very limited and we cant really aerate the apartment with fresh air.     Finally, sheets of the bed were not clean, even if Andrea indicate us other sheets for the bed which were also not clean.    To summarize, I would not recommend to stay in this apartment for this rent price without a clean bed and a fresh air living room. The host canceled this reservation 67 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. We stayed a week in Andreas beautiful apartment, it was warm and comfortable and had everything we needed and more. We loved the location, it was perfect for exploring the area on foot and close to two subways for travelling around. Andrea is a perfect host, she is very welcoming and kind, and made us feel right at home. And her recommendations for places to eat and drink took us to two of our new favourite spots in East Village! We absolutely loved our time in NY and coming back to the apartment at the end of each day made it even better. Thank you so much Andrea x The host canceled this reservation 26 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Das Apartment  ist wirklich toll und super ausgestattet!!!Die Lage hat uns auch sehr gut gefallen,ruhig,tolle Geschäfte und Lokale in der Umgebung und direkt gegenüber ist ein Supermarkt!Wir hatten eine tolle Zeit in New York und Andrea ist eine wunderbare Gastgeberin gewesen!!!   Where to start, it was all so good. The location was close to great places to eat and there was a larger grocery store right across the street. The neighborhood was arty and interesting and we could walk to SOHO. We were on the first floor and thought it might get some street noise but it was very quiet. The bathroom was nice and clean and well stocked with big fluffy white towels. I brought my own toiletries but Andrea said we could use her shampoos and such and it looked like she had some very nice selections. We also had to use a little sunscreen because we had a heat wave. So much nicer than going out to buy a whole bottle for $15! Speaking of heat wave…we used the air conditioning and the apartment cooled down right away and stayed cool and comfy.  Ok, now to our host. Andrea was a dream. We didn’t get to meet in person because she was in California with her fiancé, but she answered within minutes for any question we might have. She gave us a great list of local places to eat and we had our anniversary dinner at one of them. It was SO good. The apartment was very cute and looked just like the photos.     Io e la mia compagna siamo stati una settimana in questo fantastico appartamento esteticamente molto ben arredato (carino davvero!) e dotato di tutto ciò di cui si potrebbe aver bisogno ed anche di più: bello e funzionale! Parlando della posizione poi, decisamente strategica; la zona è molto tranquilla e ben collegata alle diverse aree di maggior attrattiva ed il quartiere stesso è estremamente suggestivo e ricco a sua volta di diversi luoghi dinteresse, soprattutto enogastronomico (ce nè per tutti i gusti!). Insomma, lappartamento è unautentica gemma! La nostra host Andrea si è dimostrata meravigliosamente ospitale, cordiale e gentile, ci è stata di enorme aiuto sia da un punto di vista organizzativo (special modo per quanto concerne la pianificazione degli spostamenti aeroporto-appartamento) che in fatto di suggerimenti sulla scelta dei ristoranti e dei locali migliori. In breve, la nostra vacanza non sarebbe potuta essere migliore, e molto di questo merito è senza dubbio di Andrea e del suo favoloso appartamento! Consigliatissimo! This was our first time using AirBnb, and Andrea made it very easy! She was very easy to communicate with and very helpful with suggestions. The apartment was nice, looks just like the pictures, and we enjoyed staying there.  Mon séjour chez Andréa ne sest pas passé comme je laurais souhaité. Lorsque jai pris possession des lieux, jai eu la mauvaise surprise de constater que lappartement était sale (cuisine, salle de bain, sol, etc.) Jai averti Andréa qui a expressément demandé à une femme de ménage de venir le lendemain. En revanche, javais demandé à ce que les draps soient changés (nétant pas sûre de la propreté) mais cela na pas été fait. À la fin de mon séjour, il y a eu un problème de canalisation. Malgré quAndréa ait appelé un plombier, personne nest venu. À noter que la climatisation dégage une mauvaise odeur et quelle est bruyante. Lappartement nest pas tout à fait conforme aux photos: peu de clarté, ménage pas irréprochable (et ce même après la venue de la femme de ménage). Andréa, de Californie, sest confondue en excuses pour tous ces désagréments mais cela ne retire en rien à ma mauvaise expérience. À savoir: le métro le plus proche se situe à 15 minutes à pied. Un supermarché (Union Market) se situe à la sortie du métro: je vous le recommande. The host canceled this reservation 24 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 66 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Danke Schön Andrea! "	1
484	"Kim was the perfect host! She was warm and welcoming and made us feel right at home. She even upgraded us to an even nicer room for the same price! She made sure we had everything we needed and was flexible with the check in/check out times to accommodate our crazy schedule. The location is awesome - its right around the corner from the subway station. You really cant do much better than this if youre looking for a great place to stay while youre in NY. 10/10 would book again  Nice and clean place. Just next to the subway station, 10 min to Manhattan by train and by foot to Williamsburg center This trip was our first visit to NYC and everything was great. We wanted to stay in the Brooklyn area and definitely chose the best location at Kims apartment. It is jus a block from the train to go to Manhattan and walking distance to the artistic-cool area with restaurants, bars and shops of Broklyn. The room is very nice, big, cute  e has privacy (looks exactly like the pictures). Kim was comprehensive and helpful every moment and the other guests/roomates were very nice too. We made friends with the other guests and the neighbors, everyone was nice and wanted to make sure we had a good experience in our first visit to the city. I surly recommend to stay at Kims apartment! Kim was great! She wasnt at home during our stay but she let us know well in advance how to get a hold of the keys in a very detailed way (which made the ""check in"" super easy)  AND she was very easy to get a hold of before and throughout our stay.    The place itself is 2/3 blocks from a subway station, which was really convenient. We wanted to meander around the Bedford area in Williamsburg and the Kims apartment was a 10 minute walk through neighborhoods from there.     There were other guests staying at another room at the same time as us, so it was a neat way to meet other travelers.     The room was nice and clean, and it was quiet at night. The only thing was that we would have preferred not to share a bathroom, but hey, there are hotels for that! We were very happy to stay here! Increíble lugar, Kim fue una anfitriona maravillosa, estando siempre para lo que necesitáramos nosotros. Nos fue de mucha ayuda con información del lugar, actividades y todo lo necesario.   La casa es hermosa, en un gran ambiente y el barrio es seguro y muy lindo, una maravilla en Williamsburg muy cerca de todo, subte, bicicletas y a pie para el centro. Ya quisiera estar allí nuevamente. 100% recomendable. Kim was very accommodating when our plans had to change at the last minute. Although she was not able to be there during our stay, there were no hiccups with regards to getting into the apartment. Nova was very helpful and attentive in Kims absence. The location was perfect for commuting into Manhattan everyday. Although the the on-premises parking was in fact just street parking, it was easy to navigate and we were lucky enough to find a spot right outside the building. All in all a comfortable, affordable, and convenient NYC accommodation! My boyfriend and I stayed at Kims place earlier this month and it was just perfect! The apartment itself was very nice and everything was provided. The room was big, bright and lovely decorated. The location was great too! Unfortunately we did not meet Kim but she was a great host, always there to help us and provide any information needed. We had a great time in NYC and I would definitely recommend Kims place!  Kim was easy to get in touch with for the most part and sent detailed instructions to get in ourselves. The listing is a bit misleading though. This is not in ""prime"" Williamsburg. It is specifically in South Williamsburg. However, the location was convenient to getting around Brooklyn/Manhattan. This is right by the Hewes stop, so if you are a sensitive sleeper or sensitive to noise, be aware of the loud, screeching train noises throughout the day and night. We didnt run into any other guests even though they were staying there too, but we did find that sharing a bathroom with multiple people made for a bit more unclean bathroom. Overall, this was a no frills type of place, so if youll be mostly out and about and looking for a place to crash at the end of the night, it fits.  The host canceled this reservation 7 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. La location nest pas bien du tout, cest même un peu une escroquerie : la chambre donne sur le métro aérien à moins de 20 m et donc du bruit terrible toute la nuit et la journée, la salle de bain est sale avec des aliments contre les rats par terre, des cheveux dans la baignoire, une seule serviette pour deux personnes. Kim nest jamais là et sa colocataire non plus, les invités sont seuls, il y a des ampoules cassées et donc pas de lumière à certains endroits. La photo du jardin est trompeuse car les invités ne peuvent y aller. The room was exactly as described. Kim was available via text message at all times. A great place to stay. I would stay here again. Conveniently located very close to the subway. Thanks again for the hospitality!    This was not a real Airbnb experience, nobody was there to welcome us, they have a whole system of locks and keys inside lockers with codes to be able to avoid personal welcoming. Basically this is an apartment that was turned into a hostel. The bathroom was extremely dirty, with hair all over the floor from previous individuals, sink bathtub and floor rug were also very dirty. No toilet paper either. Room was spacious but floor was also dirty and full of dust. I took picts of it and when I cleaned the mop was black. Mattress is comfortable, apartment located next to a subway stop in the ortodox area of Willamsbourg close to Manhattan. 15 min walk to Bedford av. The room faces the main street on the ground floor so you can hear the subway train coming in and out of the station but not too loud. We didnt use the kitchen or anything on the ground floor so no comments on that.   I spent 3 nights there after a last minute reservation.     Pros: The area was perfect to my needs, the room (the largest one) was as described, it was available at last minute, cool other guests the same nights, bed was good.    Cons: Its not a hotel, but the place was not more (less) clean than if I had stayed at a friends (e.g. dust under the furniture, vintage and rather unclean bathroom, electricity failure...). Maybe I got what Ive paid for! Kim is currently in Europe and I doubt she lives there. Kim Nova was a great host that greets you with a hug, and exemplifies a laid back chill energy that was maintained through our whole stay.  She is there if you need directions, advice on a great place to eat, or to just chit chat on the front stoop with while having a smoke.  The neighborhood was awesome with a lot going on; plus you are less than  a block from the train system, so getting around without a car is a breeze.  There are also countless locations for eating and shopping within a 10 minute walking distance.  This was my first airbnb, and definitely will not be my last.  Kim Nova even sent me home with a special oil for my ailing arm, which recently had surgery.  Overall great host with a beautiful large place in a high energy up and coming neighborhood with a lot going on."	0
485	"Had a great time. Lovely apartment, perfect location, great experience. First and foremost, the communication between myself and Anya was excellent - she answered my questions very promptly and if it werent her, it was Matt. Anyas apartment in SoHo was the perfect location for myself and my family to stay in for our first visit to New York. The living area was awesome and was the perfect hang out spot for our family of 10. The rooms were surprisingly spacious for a 4 bedroom apartment in the middle of SoHo. The 2 bathrooms were also very nice and convenient for us to share. The ONLY recommendation I have is to possibly fix the glass fixtures on the roof in the kitchen. When the rain came in over Manhattan, we had to put a pot in the middle of the walkway to catch the drips of rain that was coming through. Luckily it was our last day so we didnt have to deal with it much. Aside from that, it was a very lovely experience! The organisation was great, the location is also very good. Altogether a great experience Great location for seeing things in this part of NY Anyas place is fantastic. Very spacious and in such a hip neighbourhood.  Our whole visit to NYC was perfect.  The place here is in an absolutely great location and has tons of room for friends and family to use as a launchpad for NYC adventures.  4 full bedrooms and 2 bathrooms.      Host was super responsive and easy to coordinate with!   Will definitely be back.  We enjoyed our stay mostly for the very convenient location and the space. However we felt the noise from the street and the bar with the music on all night long every nights was way too much to let us have good night sleep.  Some window don’t have blinds and for some that have, curtains will be much better to cover the light from the street as we are at the 2nd floor.  We also felt it was not that clean, walls, carpet, doors…. While the room and the bathrooms were. bathr      And finally we felt it was not that clean, walls, carpet, doors…. While the room and the bathr   7 of us had a really comfortable stay. The flat is huge, the neighborhood is fantastic. A bit of noise comes up from the bar below and the street so bring your earplugs. This is not a place I would stay in again. The pictures do not show how rough the place is and there are holes in the ceiling. We found out why when it rained. Water poured into the unit. The unit sits right above a bar and it plays thumping music literally all night and it is impossible to sleep. The owner gave us a modest discount for the leaky roof. The size of the property is accurate and the location was great. Just dont go when it rains and bring your ear plugs, although mine did not help me. Clear instructions and great interaction with host. Highly recommended stay in a great NY location! Host was very accommodating to an early check in which saved us the hassle and expense of storing our luggage.  Casa situata in ottima posizione, vicino a più linee della metro, spaziosa e pulita in modo discreto ( si potrebbe fare molto meglio), ideale per gruppi di amici o famiglie numerose. La grossa  pecca è il rumore che proviene dal pub sottostante fino a tarda notte. Everything was fine! Good information and the apartment was fine! Dishonest Listing: No mention of the elephant in the room - the apartment is located atop a nightclub that played unbearably loud music starting dinnertime until breakfast time (~7pm to ~9am). The music changes; whether jazzy or death metal, one thing doesnt change: heavy bass which pounds through floor, bed, and into your skull. You may hear the screaming or cursing of patrons. Definitely not recommended for kids. We couldnt sleep and had a dangerous drive back up to Boston. Nearly ruined the entire Christmas vacation. Too bad, because in many other ways, its a great location. However, the listing agent not only failed to mention the noise, but deceptively implied the opposite by saying that you shouldnt make excessive noise or else youll lose your deposit. Doesnt this imply that the location is relatively peaceful? Honestly, I cant imagine anyone could make enough noise to be audible above the nightclub. Just to be clear, I have NEVER complained about noise before. I grew up in NYC, went to high school half a mile away, and have traveled around the world. This level of noise is way out of line and its unconscionable not to warn people about it. We stayed for NYE weekend, The place was as advertised, great location but windows were thin so you can here the street and it was a noisy weekend, also downstairs business had some commercial washing machine that would go off frequently.  Beds were comfortable but wish they used king beds where space permitted.  Place was clean but Building entrance had tons of trash (some people say its common to see that in NYC :-/). The place was perfect for the 8 of us. We each had our own room and the living room/dining area was spacious enough for all of us to hang out. Like everyone said, theres a bar downstairs so if you dont mind the noise throughout the night along with other city street noise, I would recommend it as it was central to all the shops and affordable for those looking for a decent place place to stay. This apartment was exactly what we were expecting. The ceilings were high, the lights were bright, the rooms were spacious and the beds were comfy! The street noise could be heard,  but it was no louder than any other apartment in NYC. Having four bedrooms and two bathrooms was a godsend for our group - so many mirrors to get ready in!   Matt, the property manager was amazing and accommodating. There were some minor issues with us checking in, but he handled them efficiently and with grace. He was also available for us throughout the weekend, in case we had any issues.   The apartment itself is conveniently located near the Canal Street subway. There were many parking garages nearby. Although, I do not recommend parking on the street, as one in our party got a ticket!  To summarize, I would absolutely recommend this place for a large group. We had a great time!  Everything was as described. Great location and well equipped kitchen was great!  The location of apartment is amazing. It only takes about 2 mins walk to soho Broadway. Due to that, the noise from clubs or restaurant can be heard during night time. The living room size is huge, pretty good for a group of friends who want to spend weekend together.  Great spot. Huge size for the city. Perfect location. Really fun for people looking to party in the city  Anyas place is right in the heart of Soho, its close to coffee shops, restaurants, bars, shops, and all things New York.  Its above bars so you have to get used to the noise even late into the night, but its very spacious and perfect for a friends getaway to explore NYC.  Not recommended for families with children and bring earplugs. One of the best Bnbs for its price in soho This place is just okay. It was pretty dirty (super dirty entrance and stairway and pretty dirty inside too. There was even a mouse trap under the bed!) and because of the bar underneath, its very loud!!  On the plus the communication with the host was good and its great for holding a lot of guests. There was seven of us. I would never stay here again though!!!  My friends and I had a great time during our stay at this awesome Soho apartment. It was very spacious & comfortable for our large group. The check in & out were both super easy and convenient. Communication was easy & I always received answers to my questions right away. I highly recommend this apt to any one coming to NYC!!  This really was a great airbnb. The location cant be beat. The communication was fantastic. Beds were comfortable and overall was exactly what we wanted. Stayed with a group of girlfriends while visiting the city. Would definitely stay again! The only thing I will warn is this apartment is above a VERY LOUD BAR. The music will be very loud late into the night and can be hear (and felt) from every bedroom in the apartment. If you are a light sleeper, you will probably have trouble sleeping here. This is a very nice flat. The amenities were great, extremely close to our place of work, close to a lot of great restaurants and was overall, a great deal. The big problem was the noise. There is a bar directly below, which has speakers that transmit low frequencies right through the floor, and this will go on till 3-4am. If you are coming to hang out till late and party out at bars every night, then this will not be an issue. If you require sleep, you should look elsewhere. Had the bar stopped the  music at 2am, or placed the speakers differently, or some other acoustic abatement could be done, this would be an amazing place to stay.  Good morning, I briefly summarize what has been our WORST EXPERIENCE IN AIRBNB:  -The sheets and towels were dirty and smelled damp  -There was a leak in the bathroom and it did not stop dripping water -There was a pee stain on the sofa  -The house was full of dust and dirt -The entrance to the house was full of garbage  -The person in charge of the apartment is not the owner and does not respond to calls. The owner either.  Firstly the positive. Place was in a good location and warm.  Now the negative. The noise from the bar downstairs was not what was stated was very very noisy to the wee hours from the smokers outside.  There were dirty clothes left on floor in apartment including underwear.  There was a leak that had clearly been there for a long time and a bucket in the middle of the bathroom catching water.  After complaining someone was eventually sent to fix leak. It started back up after they left.  I messaged Anya and said that the apartment was just not up to standard she messaged back and said she offered a 10 percent refund. I messaged back and said I feel one full night refund would be appropriate as we had it for 7 nights.  She just stopped all communication and has never responded despite me messaging politely asking for a response. So nothing has ever been sorted. It is very unprofessional that she has not sorted this out.  I would not book again.  Location is terrific, in the heart of Soho close to good restaurants and subway. Very clean and very easy to collect the keys. It is a bit noisy for someone sensitive to sound but that comes with the territory being in the heart of New York City.  We had a fantastic time celebrating my sisters bachelorette and the apartment easily fit 10 of us. With a full kitchen and large dining room table we were able to cook and enjoy lovely meals together. There are plenty of great bars and restaurants in walking distance. There is a bar right below the apartment, but with the a/c on we couldnt hear a thing. Check in and out was quick and simple. I highly recommend staying! Great place for the price! Location was great and communication was professional and easy.  Apartment is beautiful, check in/out was easy and I received regular emails of communication to make sure I was enjoying my stay.   Please note this apartment is overtop of a very busy/ noisey bar that plays loud music until 3am on weeknights. Great if you plan on being out late yourself, not ideal if thats not your scene, or you are in town for work.  Anyas house  is perfectly situated in the heart of SoHo.  very big and nice.  feels like you are a resident! Perfect for our business meetings and great Soho Location. Anyas apartment is amazing, would definitely be staying there when next in Manhattan. Good location, especially if you are going to Brooklyn.  Not very clean.  Bad beds  and linens.  Nightclub downstairs is quite noisey on the weekends. Beg bug or fleas on sofa  Host did not response to complaint email Airbnb contacted host but no solution was offered  Anyas house is perfectly situated in the heart of SoHo.  It is a little bit noisy  but I think  that was part of the package being in the heart of New York City. The entrance and stairway were super dirty with awful smell. Great location in a spacious apartment This apartment was located in the heart of the soho, which the noise was bad at night. There is a bar open right downstairs and we can hear people talking though the window. Not recommend this place. Our group of 10 stayed very comfortably with enough space. The bar noise from under is a thing but nothing unbearable.  Wed def recommend for a big group!  This is a great spot and an even better location! You are right in the heart of soho and within walking distance of the metro. If the metro isn’t your thing you are close enough to walk to both uptown or downtown! The place is beautiful and well kept. Be warned though, the walls are thin and NYC never sleeps! Overall, 10/10. Would recommend! The apartment is in a very good location. Very easy to check in and out, easy communication. We will definitely stay there next time in NY. We do recommend this place :) Very nice place. Recommend 100% Great place! Exactly as how it is described. Front door is difficult to open at first but becomes easy once figured out how to properly open the front door. Would definitely stay again. The apt is wonderful. Spacious, clean and comfortable and located perfectly for our needs. It wa great having my work team together in one spot. But Id also take my family there next time too. best location! Amazing place. Was the center of my birthday weekend. Space was huge enough for all of my friends and more. Was in a great area and miss this place dearly. Worked out perfectly and would definitely stay again. My first AirBnB and now Im hooked to use it again. Thanks so much again Anya! This was a lovely place to spend a week! My co-workers and I had plenty of space to work and to relax. A few people have complained about the noise but the two rooms in the back are very quiet and the two at the front have normal street noise and some noise from the bar below. It was nothing that was not manageable or out of the ordinary in NYC!! The front door was *very* difficult to open, otherwise we had no complaints. It was a stylish and convenient location. Loved the location and being able to all stay together in NYC. It was a great home base and very spacious in an awesome location! Great apartment in a great location Anya’s place is a perfect place for 9 of us. They have 4 bedrooms and a couch which was a perfect arrangement for everyone. The place is in central SoHo which is convenient for you to to shopping. You can reach st. Marks for food and fun activities or Chinatown for other fun things within 30 min walking. Overall, this is a perfect place if you have a big group and want to explore the city. Great location for attending an event 10 min walk from apt! This apartment is very comfortable for eight guests, very spacious and clean, very nicely decorated and well maintained.  The location is perfect for dining, shopping and clubbing. Would definitely stay there again. PLEASE DO NOT RENT THIS UNIT! The listing images are NOT ACCURATE! The floors are plywood and super dirty. Each room is shown with beautiful rugs which are no longer existent. The linens were all stained including the pillows themselves. We had to call the local contact to bring lightbulbs as maybe 25% of the current ones works. The oven does not work so dont plan to cook in the unit. The maintenance guys do not show up unless you hassle the local contact. The unit is over 3 bars therefore no one sleeps at all!  This listing should be taken down until renovated or at least post current photos. We ended up staying at a hotel with only a $75.00 refund from the host.  Total joke- dont be taken advantage of like we did. Ruined our entire trip! Anyas space was great for my party of 10. It was my wifes birthday weekend and she was very impressed with the space. Its as large as it looks in the pictures. I have no idea how this space exists in NYC, the bedrooms are huge as are the living room, dining area and kitchen. Check in and out was very easy. Some reviewers wrote the space is noisy. If youve been to NYC its nothing outside the ordinary. Close to subways, bars, restaurants. Really a great stay. Id highly recommend it. The showers could have used soap and shampoo (or a note to bring your own). Other than that it had what we needed for a great stay. The unit is large, but the level of noise at night is simply unbearable. Theres a bar downstairs and the music/noise from the bar shakes the apartment well into the early hours of the morning. The upstairs neighbors partied well into the early hours of the morning and were incredibly loud. The street noise is so loud you feel like you are sleeping outside. People buzzed the unit and knocked on the door all night, so we didnt feel particularly safe. The unit smells like fried food (downstairs bar) and trash (from the hallway trashcans). Anya has a nice, spacious unit. The bathrooms have clearly been upgraded and all four bedrooms are of a good size. The living room/dining room is very spacious and with a strong wifi signal, we were able to work in the common space. But for a work trip during the week, we could not bear another minute of the incessant noise from all directions. Came to NYC with a group of girls. The space fit our numbers perfectly. There was a great deal of space in the common area for us to mingle and chat. The kitchen was well stocked with dishware and allowed for easy cooking throughout the weekend. The location was very close to great shopping and eating place. Would highly recommend! Very nice location. Would definitely stay there again We didn’t spend a lot of time in the apartment, but it was perfect for what we needed - location and space!  The location is awesome if you need to be in Soho, lower and midtown Manhattan, or just about anywhere in the city. Each of our daughters had a private bedroom and that made a huge difference! Anya was a responsive and helpful host.  We needed to extend the reservation for a night and she was quick to confirm and she gave us a great rate. My family and I rented this apartment over Thanksgiving weekend for a family vacation spent in the city.  Together we consisted of 6 adults and 3 children.  We planned to cook a traditional turkey dinner for 14 including a few family locals there in the city.   We were quite happy with the apartment.  We didnt expect that the kitchen would be prepared for cooking a turkey dinner, so we brought many utensils and pans, and were glad we did (it had just a few pans, no toaster or other amenities).  We were well-aware of the comments about the noise before booking, but honestly it really wasnt an issue.  The host tried to have us communicate with this ""associate"" who did not respond at all to numerous contacts.  To save some frustration, I recommend just communicating through the thread with the host.   All the floors except the bathrooms are painted plywood with some raw edges.  One guest got a bad splinter that went through her sock and the children tripped several times on the uneven footing.  I just recommend bringing slippers, and highly recommend to the host the addition of wall-to-wall carpeting to make it even classier. Great space in excellent and lively location. This condo is in a fabulous location, easily accessible to everything in SoHo. That said, it is EXTREMELY LOUD at night. Ive lived in NYC before and this is not your typical city noise. It is directly above a bar that is open til 4am every day of the week. We did not get much rest as a result of the loud music. Ive also stayed in the condo directly above this one (on the 3rd floor) and it does not have the same noise issue. That said, the condo is beautiful and offers plenty of space if you can deal with the noise at night! The house is not as clean as I expected. And the worst is that water flew down from the house above and the toilet was full of water. Although the plumber came as soon as possible, he didn’t fix the problem completely. However, the owner could reply to me and solved problems immediately. And the location is great and convenient. There was no noise outside. Good Anya and Carter were both really helpful. The space was accurately described and spacious. It was perfect for a night in the city with friends! The home was amazing! I am also an Aibnb host and I must give them a lot of compliments for this listing. Everything was like new. The place has stylish furniture and is very spacious! Great location! Great location in Soho, and plenty comfortable for a group.  The space is trendy and we were thrilled to find two bathrooms (with a group of many women this was very helpful)! This is a great spot with helpful, accommodating hosts.  I would definitely book Anyas place again.  Space, location and price was perfect was our big group of 8! The only thing that I did not like was that two of the bedrooms face the street and it was too noisy during the entire night. If you are a light sleeper, it might be a problem. Other than that the location couldnt have been more perfect. The bedroom sizes were really good as per Manhattan standards and having a 4b/2b in Soho is very rare. Overall we had a great time and would recommend to anyone traveling with a group. Anya’s Space is amazing. Well worth it in a GREAT location! Location/proximity and communication with host was great. The space was honestly just okay. The photos make it out to be a bright, clean and reasonably decorated space. In reality its pretty dingy, there are stains on the sofa, the beds feel worn and the window treatments were extremely old and tattered if not broken. Some very minor decorative touches would go a long way. It just felt like they set it up for Airbnb a long time ago and then never touched it again. To speak to the noise issue, it didnt bother us but if you are sensitive to noise, there is definitely a lot of racket coming from the downstairs bar through the entire night. Our last night it was till at least 4am.   Host communication was great. Check in was easy. Proximity in Soho is wonderful. The space just needs some TLC."	0
486	Did not have basic amenities. No spoons, forks ect. There was a centipede come out on our first night. Lots of noise at night and there was a lot of light, the curtains didnt block it out. Water in the shower was freezing. Host tried to charge us for an extra night, claiming we stayed another night after our check out. When we did check out on the date we were supposed to. 非常欣喜的旅行,房子很舒适! The place is well located! Near to public transport, the communication with Jay was super fast and easy he is very responsive, the place was very clean and comfortable.  There are not not enough utensils in case you want to cook, the check in was late. Jay was quick to help us get setup with this place when our other bnb was not working. Home is nice but Jay was hard to reach so I had to reach out to his assistant for help. Location is nice and easy access to many things. Apartment needs updates Location is great as it is a quiet part of Manhattan, but close to subway and easy to go downtown. Also not far from Central Park. Apartment is clean and effective. I will book again. I enjoyed my time at Jays place. Pictures are accurate. Check in and out process was nice and smooth. One of the showers did seem to have a issue of not getting warm water. Most of the communication is done with Jay’s assistant and she is very helpful. Overall, I enjoyed my stay and would definitely stay there again.	0
487	This listing on 51st Ave was amazing. Great experience, nice hospitality, and awesome location. Simon is a really nice guy. I had my parents stay here for a week. They didnt have any complaints. It was a great stay. Good security and good room space. I choose from website different place; however, eleventh I came to know I am assigned new place. The place was good in outside but was beyond my imagination. There was only tiny toilet for 7 room and there was no toilet paper at all in the toilet. I was very disappointed and  talk to the caretaker, he informed me that guest need to be come with toiled paper that was not mentioned in the add. The owner was very nice and cordial. Simon was a responsive and accommodating host. The room and property were super clean. Armand who was appointed to keep the place clean and orderly, diplomatically, made sure the house rules were followed. I called him Mr. Clean because not only did he have Mr. Cleans muscles but he was constantly cleaning the property.  The standard sized room was well but simply appointed. Cheerful colors, useful furniture, a closet and a beautiful hardwood floor. The bed was comfortable and spacious. All the amenities, bathroom and kitchen close at hand. The TV was HD and the wifi worked very well.  The location is close to all modes of transportation and shopping. The local library is a block away. A wonderful safe neighborhood with tree lined streets and front yard gardens.  This facility is a great bargain. But it is such a great deal that reservations may be difficult to get so book early as I did. The host canceled this reservation 14 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Wir haben zum ersten mal AirBNB getestet und waren am Ende recht enttäuscht. Wenn man wenig Ansprüche hat, ist das Zimmer ok.   Bad war nicht wirklich sauber, außerdem haben die Handtücher gefehlt. Das Zimmer wurde mir für 3 Personen angeboten - es gab allerdings nur 1 Bett. Die bereitgestellte Matratze war nur 3 cm dick, es gab keine Zudecke sondern nur den Überzug für die Decke, der auch einige Flecken hatte.   WLAN hat nicht funktioniert, wir haben es mit 3 verschiedenen Handy versucht und auch verschiedene Möglichkeiten bezüglich Passwort probiert.     2 Stunden vor vereinbarter Anreise wurde mir dann die richtige Adresse mitgeteilt.. - eventuell normal bei AirBnB das in den Inseraten falsche Adressen stehen ?? 	0
488	"Catherine was really great with coordinating times for check in and check out. Apartment is ""as is"" with a shared bathroom in the hallway (brownstone style). Definitely cozy, and comfortable bed.  This is in a great area...within walking distance to good food and things to do. Catherine was very easy to communicate with and everything went smoothly! The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting.  Catherine was a lovely person. Apartment had a nice feel to it with floor boards and fire place. Good size. Location was great. Lovely neighbourhood. Chookeys Japanese and Emilys pizza were great wee places to eat. Enjoy!  The apartment is ideal for budget solo or couple travellers who want to experience a slice of authentic Brooklyn while being able to zip into and out of the city easily. The neighbourhood has all you need (groceries, bars, good restaurants) if you want to hang locally, and the subway is just there if you want to venture farther out. An enjoyable stay. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Catherine is super helpful and friendly.  The home is clean, comfortable, and close to public transit.  Had a great stay here! Good for one person if your in and out busy at work and just looking for a place just to sleep. Near train station,"	0
489	"The reservation was canceled 4 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great place for young travellers. Right beside the J and M trains in Bed Stuy. Lots going on in the neighbourhood and easy to get to other parts of the city. Basic private room with good kitchen, back yard, and beautiful roof terrace. Good location, the subway at Myrtle Ave goes pretty fast, especially during rush hours. I was looking for a small economical room for a week and this was totally what I needed. Thanks for a great place to stay. The booking process with Adam was very efficient and his level of care and hospitality made this a great experience. He even went above and beyond with ensuring that I had access into the apartment on my arrival night. The location and convenience/access to bus/ trains, food and other entertainment options at the doorsteps. The cats were great company too.  Adam, Im glad that you gave us a place to stay in Brooklyn, it was awesome and a cool adventure from beginning to end! Adam was able to accommodate me in Brooklyn on short notice because of a last-minute cancellation with another Airbnb host. The room was sufficient for me since I was out most of the day, checking out the city. The proximity to the subway station is a big plus.     You also get 50% discount at Adams vegetarian pizza place; it carries a great Grandma slice! There are also plenty of 24-hour delis in walking distance. Location is great, right next to the subway. Room is small (as described by Adam). Unfortunately, room & bathroom are rather dirty. The host canceled this reservation 4 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Adam was very welcoming, & the room was very comfy. The roommates run a very cute pizza shop right next door, & have 2 of the most friendly cats youll have the pleasure of meeting. I was only there for a few hours, but the house is really cool & everything in the neighborhood is easily accessible.  Its a great location and nice room for sleeping.  If youre looking for an inexpensive place to stay in Brooklyn, this is it.   The host was very welcoming. Wonderful stay. Adam was very kind and helped with everything. Truly great host.  Unfortunately I had a bad experience. Due to some logistic problems Adam was forced to send me to an apartment in the same building which was very dirty. Very dirty bathroom, bedroom, towel, sheets and the worst was that the air mattress deflated twice or thrice during the night, and I was forced to use a very dirty vacuum to inflate it (pump was never available). Even though the airbnb listed the property as having wifi, TV, a/c and bed this was not true. Unfortunately I cannot recommend this listing. Very cool place with an outdoor hang deck. Literally 2 minutes from door to train platform!  Chill place. Nice host. Cool cats.  claro es bastante bueno el lugar nunca pense que hubiera un lugar como ese en Brooklin el cuarto es como en la foto y el jardin vaya el jardin es asombros en la noche uno podia estar ahi tranquilamente lo gatos son en verdad muy amistosos  Great spot. Right next to the L & M so easy to hop around the city. Adam was an awesome host, notably was very understanding of a mixup I had with my booking. Cats are friendly. My experience was fine. I actually didnt make any expectations cuz I booked the same day and didnt take a full look at the Airbnb profile.   However, to some peoples standards, the room is too small, the place needs sanitation work since its not clean. The room was dirty, we didnt have any apportinuty to use kitchen, but the cats were so cute 쮭드러가니까냄쉐가염쳥냤쪄염.토냄쒜오쯈냄쒜. 뱡이여러개잉데 져는다략뺭썼쪄렴 술먹고올랴갸땨가 멍옴총들었쪄렴. 슈건쓰라고쥬는데 고냥이텰이 넘나많은것.화짱실도쨩드렵.변기에묫안자 돈엾쮸면쓰쩨여.져는댜시갸지아나요. 쥬인니 쳬쿠인 저네 연랴키안되뮤. 뜌겨버려. 호스트가 친절하지만 숙소의 청결도 가 매우 아쉬웠다 *Adam was not available to provide keys and luckily another guest was there and provided me the keys after more than 40 wait;  *house entrance was not safe at all: it was hard to have access to the door due to many abandoned staff which prevented people to pass;  *lack of the most elementary hygenie: the kitchen was full of dirty staff;  *lack of the most elementary hygenie: floor was full of uneaten cat food;  *lack of the most elementary hygenie: bathrooms were dirty, smelled bad and doors were broken;   *my bedroom was almost impossible to reach: the ladder was quite dangerous (it was also very hard for me to get my baggage  over there)  *my bedroom was very dirty;  *my bedroom door was broken;  *every night from 4 am to 7 am I was waken up by the noises of parties from other guests; All a matter of preference. Hes a cool guy. A labyrinth of uniquely decked-out loft-style spaces in the land of Norbertia, which you access through a hidden doorway at the deep end of the wardrobe, in the castle of the two thrones. I had the ""stackoverflow"" room, appropriately enough, but with a calculus lesson on the blackboard. Was I in need of a refresher? The cat wasnt talking. The place is as described.  You get a great deal on a room which is a 20 second walk to a major subway stop and a hub for all of Bushwicks cultural treasures. The apartment has a funky charm that youd expect. If you want spotless new apartments, this isnt for you.   One unexpected bonus: even though it was directly next to the train tracks, the room was quiet.   Adam was great in helping me get in even though he ran into his own difficulties on a rainy day.  Cool place to stay, exactly like what the description says. Steps away from the subway and cant get a better price. Also a punk cat wearing a bandana in my room when I woke up was the best thing ever.  Amazing location, best kitties, friendliest host. Pizza & subway next door! Very electric and cool. Thank you Adam! Will really miss Bushwick  The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. I did not hear back from adam with check in instructions. Finally after arriving, i called and was told to walk to find him at work, with all my bags. Then he told me that somebody else was staying in my room... But i can stay at his friends. Im easy going so not a big deal to me, but if youre making money off renting a room, even a tiny bit of customer service would help.  Adams room was marketed as facing away from the trains. His friends room was directly ontop of the train tracks so i could not sleep at night at all. Was not what i signed up for. great host!  cats are awesome, beautiful backyard. definitely a young-ppl vibe space . located RIGHT NEXT to the train , shops, bars, restaurants.  great host and fun. Not good for someone expecting a hotel, perfect for someone wanting to feel like they live in the neighborhood. internet was great and u can use your laptop in the backyard! Die Unterkunft ist geeignet für ein oder zwei Nächte. Sie befindet sich in einem sehr belebten Viertel mit allen Vor ind Nachteilen, die das mit sich bringt. Im Grunde beschreibt Adam genau, was einen erwartet. Nicht ganz deutlich wird: Das Zimmer hat kein Fenster und ist nur über eine steile Stiege zu erreichen. Die Katzen sind völlig zahm und unproblematisch, aber man muss damit klar kommen, dass sie immer um einen herum sind. Adam ist ein sehr guter Gastgeber, der immer zur Stelle ist, falls man Hilfe braucht. Convenient location, nice room. Great affordable place to stay if your visiting Brooklyn, lower east side, lower manhattan Prime location. Subway is literally around the corner. They have vegan pizza next door! Glad I chose that spot. The place is convenient to transportation, food options in the area, right next to a pizzeria. Adam was quick with responding when I was locked out. If you don’t need a fancy place to stay and are just looking for a place to crash then this is a good option. I’d just make sure to pack some hoodies as it can get cold since it’s an older building. No windows. Smells like the pizzeria all day. Cat hair everywhere. Noticed he doesn’t change the sheets or anything. The house itself is gross. Only good thing was the location. And honestly not even worth it. Host has no follow through. Broken door from the inside and woke up once to find the other door unlocked and open while I was sleeping.  Would not recommend to anybody Horrible.. honestly havent seen a place like that in my life. Adam kinda is a nice guy but the room was a mess. Dirty, small, no window, no working door, not even real walls lol"	0
490	So I have very split feelings on this rental. On the plus side, Marlene is GREAT to work with - she made it very easy to get the keys on our schedule and quickly responded to communication both before and after our stay. Also, the location is amazing- literally a couple blocks from Times Square, Broadway, the Empire State building, etc and just feet away from the subway station. The apartment is on an upper floor of a secure building too, so its surprisingly quiet and you feel very safe.  However, on the downside, its just not that nice of a place for what you spend, considering there are plenty of hotels in the area that are only about 30 bucks more a night. The apartment is pretty sparse- not a ton of lighting, smells a little like cigarette smoke, no rugs on the tile, minimal kitchen supplies (though we didnt cook there at all, too much NYC food to try out!), only one towel for the two of us staying there, etc...and we didnt have a comforter, only some very worn out sheets and very flat pillows on the bed. Nothing too big or bad, but you might as well get all the amenities of a hotel for around the same amount of money if you can.  All in all, my conclusion is- could be nice but it just doesnt have the amenities yet to make it great, so if you stay here do it for the location and not with the expectation that youll be staying in a luxury place. And maybe bring your own bedding and towels to make it feel more comfortable. Amazing location! Easy access to the metro. Spacious and clean with all the necessities. Marlene was very quick to respond to messages.  The apartment was in the middle of everything. Great location! Marlene had communicated with us throughout the whole trip when we needed her. Thanks again!  This is apartment is in a fantastic location, and its perfect for people who just need a place to rest their heads. The pictures of the apartment are accurate; its not a 5* hotel, but it doesnt claim to be, and factoring in location and the amenities (everything you need - heating, wifi, towels, bedding), its great value for money. I would definitely recommend.  Marlenes place is in a perfect location to explore the many attractions and areas of NYC.  We were able to walk to Times Square, Rockefeller center, the theatre district, Central Park, grand central station and Chelsea market.  It was a $20 uber ride to the Statue of Liberty cruises. Lots of shopping and eating nearby.  Its a block away from the iconic Macys store.  The apartment is spacious, with a full kitchen and good sized bedroom.  Its between 6-8 stories up and there is a little street noise, but this is NYC.  As Marlene and others have stated in past reviews, its not a 5-star accommodation, but it is a pretty good value for what you get in a very desirable location. Marlene was very accommodating to our travel schedule and quick to respond when we had questions.   Nice appartment with à very good location in the midtown. Moving very easy with a lot of subways close to the building. All is around such as supermarket, coffee shops, restaurants, shops, sightseeings, ... Marlene and David are very available to answer quickly at any questions.	0
491	The listing was exactly like Clay describes.  It was a perfect location for me because it was a short walk to the Barclays Center.  Area had plenty of free street parking.  Any questions I had, Clay got back to me promptly.  Would stay again. This is a lovely, large 1 bedroom apartment - just like the photos except the photos dont let you see the very green yard the kitchen windows look onto!  Clay was very communicative and accommodating for getting the keys.  Would definitely stay here again! Clean, comfortable, and a really great location. Host had excellent communication. Overall a good value. Amazing spot in Brookly, super spacious and clean, very cool organized host The place is very comfortable. we didnt meet Clay but he was really welcoming, easy and quick to communicate. We recommend! Thank you very much, Clay. Spacious, clean, and excellent location. A great value. My wife and I could not have had a better Brooklyn experience. Clay is a great and responsive host. His home was an easy walk to the park, the cafe, restaurants, really everything we needed to enjoy a summer weekend. Clays home was clean, bright and perfectly accommodating for a trip with our baby. The greenery of the backyard was an added bonus.  We had a great time at Clays place. The location is great with everything within walking distance from a coffee shop and great restaurants just steps away to Manhattan 2 miles away. Parking on the same street was surprisingly easy.  Check-in/Check-out was quick and easy. We didnt meet in person but Clay was quick to respond to any questions and quite pleasant.  The apartment is spacious with the bonus of a patio and fit our need perfectly. A/C was in the bedroom, overall the temperature was fine. It had the perfect Brooklyn charm.  I will definitely want to stay here again on my next visit. Clay s home was a perfect location for our stay. It was close to transportation, and in a great spot near fort greene park. The home had everything we needed, and gorgeous outdoor space. Communication was clear, and definitely was okne of the best parts of our trip. perfect location. great apartment. the pictures dont do it justice! Clay was a great host.  The apartment is a great base for Brooklyn and NYC.  The back balcony is a real plus in nice weather.  This was a real find. What a beautiful place in the heart of Fort Greene! We loved our stay in Brooklyn and would definitely return again to this conveniently located home away from home. Thanks Clay for a great stay. We loved Clays place. Very comfortable bed and spacious, relaxing living room. Great spot to come home to after a long day enjoying nyc. Absolutely great space! Great neighborhood as well. Both the host and the apartment are highly recommended and we would love to stay there again!	1
492	"The host canceled this reservation 35 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Gingie es muy simpática y buena anfitriona, ella está siempre disponible para consultas, el departamento es bonito, amplio y cómodo, suficiente espacio para 3 personas.  Está ubicado en un barrio tranquilo, seguro y con buena locomoción colectiva.  Gingie tiene un pez al que debes alimentar 2 veces al día, si no tienes tiempo para hacerlo sería recomendable que converses con ella previamente para llegar a un acuerdo.   Great place, nice neighborhood. Basically no problem whatsoever! Gingie was so lovely and helpful. Her place was clean and modern, we really enjoyed the accommodation. If we needed something she replied straight away, I would definitely recommend staying here if you wish to stay in Harlem.  El departamento es perfecto, no me gustó el barrio, que aunque no es peligroso tampoco es muy amigable, hay mucha basura en las calles The host canceled this reservation 46 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Thanks! This was a great apartment. Nice rooms, balcony and well equipped kitchen. Interesting books on the shelf :)  That said, East Harlem as a neighbourhood is quite different from lower Manhattan / tourists spots, and doesnt necessarily have the most uplifting atmosphere. It was 100% safe, though. Gingie no fue una buena (Website hidden by Airbnb) arruino el primer día que llegue a NY.Llegue muy cansada,con maletas y en plena lluvia,mi hija de 15 años quería descansar.Mi check in era a las 2pm,sin embargo llame a Gingie a medio día para decirle que mi vuelo se retrazo y estaba en Manhattan que demoraría en llegar al departamento max 2 horas.Ella no estuvo en mo check in,yo llegue a las 4pm y me espero en el depa otra persona que solo me dijo dos cosas:El aire acondicionado de la sala no funciona,los anteriores guest lo malograron. -Acá está la llave y se fue.Mi error (por cansada que estaba) solo fue decir gracias,el hombre se fue y voy a los cuartos y estaban totalmente mugres,uñas de pies en la sala,inodoro sucio,camas maltendidas,pisos sin barrer,era una burla (Website hidden by Airbnb) llame y mande mensaje y fotos a Gingie y Airbnb.Gingie mando al mismo hombre que me recibio en el check in a hacer la ""limpieza"" y me tuve que retirar mientras limpiaban la casa.Estuve en la  un par de  mientras hacia mi queja y mandaba fotos a airbnb y me dijeron que no era un problema grave ...que horror! Osea mandar fotos de pura mugre donde me voy a hospedar  y a dormir no era grave ?Yo no pedí lujos,yo  pedí un lugar como se mostraba en las fotos de la publicidad. Tampoco tenian secadora de cabello como ella ...le mande  para decirle donde estaba su secadora y me dijo que en el closet y porsupuesto jamás lo encontre.En mis 5 dias de alojamiento jamas supe mas de Gingie.El dia de mi check out la llame para decirle que en una hora me retiraba ya que faltaba una hora para que se cumpla el check out y solo respondio : (Website hidden by Airbnb) supe mas de ella.Yo eleji su departamento porque vi que tenia buenos comentarios,no se que paso en mi caso pero me senti completamente decepcionada de su mal comportaamiento,antes-durante y despues de mi estancia en su departamento. Everything is a pictured very cute and clean space and her communication is great The host canceled this reservation 81 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Close to the subway, very clean, was everything I needed for a short stay in the city!"	0
493	挺好的 There are many people in and out of this airbnb, which is not an issue if told about it. Ok for the prize Perfect little room for the solo traveller.  Though it can get a bit warm inside in the summer, the location and value for money are pretty spot on. The places ITS NOT NEAR TO TIME SQUARE.  It’s extremely uncomfortable, specially the room doesn’t have curtains, zero privacy.  The room was dirty, full of dust and hair and dog fur. Also the outlet does not work, so be careful about your phone, cameras, it should damage your devices.  The bathroom is shared, it has a lot of thing in the shower, even pets shampoo, some one who lives there has a dog, so you will share the shower even with a dog.	0
494	"This place is fabulous. Surprisingly spacious for an NYC apartment. Check in and out was a breeze and Roxanne was very communicative and easy to work with. Would definitely stay here again. Although the neighborhood wasnt the friendliest the place was beautiful and we enjoyed it, Roxanne was very thoughtful and nice. The apartament was exactly how described. Check in very flexible and easy and Roxane was a good host. Roxane was an incredible host. The space is much bigger than I expected for New York, and is in a wonderful neighborhood. The location is convenient for exploring anywhere in Brooklyn, and Roxane really is quick to respond to any question you might have. Roxane was a fantastic host! She was very responsive, the place was very clean and perfect for our girls trip! It was very accurate to the description. Also loved her suggestions for the city! Amazing rooftop view! Close to some really cool spots in crown heights!  The apartment is quite charming and Roxanne is one of the best hosts I’ve experienced, so detail oriented. Hicimos la reserva por 10 días no nos quedamos más 3 horas!! La experiencia fue horrible. El edificio se encuentra ubicado en una zona media, mucha gente nos confirmó que es incluso peligrosa. El edificio está descuidado y muy sucio desde que entramos el olor a cigarrillo es horrible!! Los escalones sucios con colillas de cigarro, basura y telas de arañas por todo el pasillo, escalones deteriorados y puertas oxidadas ( tenemos fotos de esto) La anfitriona dice que eso no es importante pero si tienes que pasar todos los días por ahí, no tiene importancia? El departamento en si es limpio pero tuvimos una experiencia desagradable, el día que llegamos nos percatamos que el baño tenía un ruido muy fuerte y molesto por qué el agua corría y no había forma de arreglar, todas las cosas de la anfitriona estaban en la habitación entonces dónde podíamos acomodar las nuestras si estaríamos 10 días?? Y LO PEOR fue cuando revisábamos las sábanas y encontramos una prenda íntima entre las sábanas!! Desagradable!! Llamamos a la anfitriona por  qué ella no se encontraba en la ciudad y dijo que no sabía como eso había llegado ahí que seguro se pego a la sabana por que ella esa mañana había cambiado todo. Fue terrible e inmediatamente después de eso tuve que salir con mi familia a buscar un hospedaje lejos de ese lugar, eran las 10 de la noche. La anfitriona luego me pregunto ""ya saliste de la casa? Por que tengo que ver a quién se le alquiló!!"" Ni siquiera nos ofreció ayuda o alguna solución al respecto. Una experiencia HORRIBLE!! En vísperas de navidad."	0
495	"Great location and Joris is very friendly and helpful! The apartment is comfortable with necessary amenities. Tuvimos una muy buena estadia, el apartamento esta bien ubicado a unos minutos del subway y el vecindario es muy bonito y seguro. No vimos a Joris pero fue muy fácil comunicarse con el ya que respondio nuestros e-mails a la brevedad. El departamento es muy luminoso y tiene todo lo necesario para estar comodos. Las camas son confortables. Recomiendo este apartamento sin dudas!!!! The apartment is very comfortable. It has a table for 4 people and we were able to cook and to eat there, that was the thing we enjoyed the most. The apartment is extremely well located and we could go walking almost everywhere! En couple avec 2 enfants nous avons passé un très bon séjour.  Le canapé est vraiment convertible et fait un lit double correct.   Le quartier est calme on peut dormir les fenêtres ouvertes. On sest sentît en sécurité dans le quartier le soir. La 2ème avenue à proximité a des bars très sympathiques. Un carrefour market like a proximité ouvert 24h/24.  Metro à 500m environ.  Bref tout est proche.   Appartement propre. Tres facile pour récupérer les clés  Nous n avons pas rencontré notre hôte mais il répondait très vite à nos messages  La baignoire est un vrai plus après les longues journées de marche.  Perfect location, comfortable and clean apartment, accomodating and pleasent host... what do you want more?!  Definitely an excellent base for visiting NYC!!  Thank you so much Joris!!  See you next time! Really ideal location in Manhattan. Comfy bed and pretty nice apartment overall. I just missed a better equiped kitchen, it was not possible to cook there. Nevertheless, if your plan is to go out and eat in nice restaurants most days, this place is for you. Great location, large apartment and full size fridge. Had a great time in NYC! The apartment was exactly as it looks in the pictures, really clean and the bed super comfortable, the sofa was comfortable too, we slept perfect. The location was really good, the neighborhood is really nice and safe, and you have everything close. We really enjoy staying here!! And Joris was really nice and answered all of our questions with no problem.  Great host-always ready to help you! Very flexible check in and out policy. However the place wasnt very clean (bed cloth quite dirty and dust in closets). But overall we had a great experience! We would totally come again! It is a very convenient & comfortable apartment equipped with all basic essentials. Centralized location & easy access to all important venues. Host is easily accessible & very accommodative.  This apartment is in a very convenient location, with a grocery store, drugstore, and a ton of restaurants very close. There are two metro stations and bus stops within a few blocks, so getting around is very easy. For a NYC apartment its fairly spacious, and its nice to have a bedroom rather than just an open studio. Theres a secure lock on the front door of the building and I never felt anything but safe. The heat works well, as does the wifi. Joris was fast to respond to any questions or concerns I had.  The only recommendations I have made would be that the place could be a bit cleaner, it definitely needs fresh paint, and the kitchen could be better stocked with equipment for cooking. Joris actually brought me a few basic tools while I was there, which I really appreciated. The aprtment is fine for a few days stay, but if youre there for a month as I was, you need a bit more stuff (like a coffee maker that makes more than one cup). Great place, great host, great location. Thanks Joris Facile daccés de JFK par le métro ( ligne E), calme, très bien situé et agréable. Une bonne adresse. Muy buen sitio y el piso muy acogedor. Lo mejor su localización.  Great location!!! You can walk to subway in 7 mins and access port authority in 20 mins. Bars and restaurants can access in 3 mins but the apartment located in a quiet street. Joris provided free Xfinity TV and movie and many magazines. In addition, Joris helped me preparing the 2nd set of comforter after I mentioned that I want to use the sofa as a bed. Definitely, I recommend to staying at Joris place while traveling in New York! The space is great and near to public transportation. Walkable to principal NY interest points as Times Square, Top Of The Rocks, Central Park and many others. The neighborhood is safe and quiet. A great space to stay if you want to known NY. Joris is a great host. This is a perfect location.  We are near the ONU (5mn walk) and Rockfeller Center (top of the rock) 10mn, many shops nearby (healthy and fatty food), and also 5minutes walk to take the metro E (direction JFK or Wall street).   We were 3 ans we greatly enjoyed our stay in this AirBNB.  Many thanks to Joris who answered rapidly to all questions we had.  La pasamos excelente, el alojamiento ayudo a que así sea. Muy buena predisposición de Joris respondió a cada consulta rápidamente . Muy recomendable . La descripcion del departamento, la ubicación y descripción de la zona son correctas y reales. Great location, quiet street, decent bathroom and kitchen. However several issues with lack of maintenance. The walls need painting, the bedroom shutters dont work and offer little privacy and no light control. Also, some of the drawers were not well cleaned.  Great location! Perfect for what we needed it for. Could be a bit cleaner but all in all we had a great stay!  This is a really sweet place. I stayed for a week and felt totally at home. The apartment is well-located, close to the heart of Manhattan (about 20 mins walk to Times Square) yet hassle-free and pretty peaceful at night. Theres a good choice of restaurants and bars a little further along the street, and food stores and banks a few blocks down 2nd Avenue. The area has a great neighborhood feel. Its also an easy subway ride to JFK on the E train. The apartment is a comfortable size and is good for working and lounging. And if a heatwave hits, like it did while I was there, the aircon takes care of it. Communication from Joris was fantastically helpful and detailed. He thought of everything. Check-in / check-out was very smooth. Definitely a place to revisit.  This is a great place to stay in New York, close to many stores, restaurants, and Times Square.   great location and very convenient O apartamento está muito bem localizado: é uma zona central mas muito tranquila e com o metro muito perto. O apartamento estava limpo e organizado e antes da nossa chegada obtivémos todas as indicações necessárias por parte do Joris. A nossa estadia correu maravilhosamente. Todo perfecto ! El dpto limpio, completo, y tal como en las fotos. El vecindario muy tranquilo, ideal familias. Recomiendo este alojamiento.  Emplacement top. Quartier calme idéal pour découvrir Manhattan en famille. Literie confortable, appartement conforme aux photos. Accès facile depuis aéroports jfk ou la guardi avec la ligne E. Communicatiob facile. Lave linge commun nous navons pas testé. Joriss place is a cozy apt.  Good vibes. Great neighborhood filled with restaurants. Lively and only a few blocks to the subway. Great find.  La casa di Joris è veramente centrale e in una posizione strategica. La casa è confortevole e Joris ha risposto immediatamente a tutti messaggi di chiarimento che gli ho inviato. Le sue informazioni e precise e particolareggiate e, anche se non lo abbiamo conosciuto personalmente, ci siamo sentiti seguiti. Consiglio la sua casa. I stayed for 2 weeks and felt totally at home.  Great location, decent bathroom and kitchen. However several issues with lack of maintenance. The walls need painting. Also, the shower curtain was dirty.  Check-in / check-out was very smooth. Definitely a place to revisit. Nos fuimos ayer Lun 25/9, el departamento es tal y como se ve en las fotos. Fuimos con mi marido y dos hijos adolescentes y estuvo perfecto el espacio y todo lo que teniamos a disposicion en el depto. La zona es excelente a 15 cuadras de ""casi"" todos lados en NY ""casi"" porque hay tanto por hacer que hay lugares que quedaran lejos sin dudas, como el puente de Brooklyn. Pero hay dos lineas de metros cercanas una a 2 cuadras y la otra a 3. A una cuadra hay bares, restaurantes, supermercados, verduleria y hasta una Rooftop muy linda en la 50st street e/ la 2 y la 3. Sin duda ojala volvamos pronto a la cada de Joris. Excelente ubicacion, buen estado general, comodo para un departamento en New York, completo. Muy recomendable Apparemment bien situé et bonne communication avec Joris. Néanmoins, apparemment pas très propre et les peintures de la chambre et du salon sont très vieillissantes. De plus, voisins un peu bruyants. Dommage quand on a un décalage horaire a digérer Excellent and roomy. Loved the place The apartment is in a great location, near of restaurants, bars, supermarkets, subway and points tours of NYC such as St. Patrick’s Cathedral, Rockefeller Center, Central Park and 5th Avenue. Clean and cozy apartment, great for families and childrens. I really recommend this place. Todo es como en las fotos. La zona es genial, puedes ir andando a muchos lugares de interes. En la zona hay de todo: bares, restaurantes y supermercados. Très bonne situation, appartement spacieux et accessible pour 4 personnes. Convenient location for our needs. Clean, neat and very comfortable. Nothing particularly fancy but suited our needs quite well!!! Todo muy bien. El departamento fue perfecto para mi y mi familia. Muchas gracias Joris!! Very close to a variety of restaurants and the subway. It feels like a safe, walkable area even late at night. Joris was very responsive and helpful during the whole process of renting the airbnb. Perfect location to time square area and subway access It was the best for me because I needed to attend a conference in the UNHQ and the location was the best fuimos entre el 6 y el 13 de diciembre, con la primera nevada importante de la temporada. Exelente la calefacción y el agua caliente del baño. Eramos 4 personas. Mi esposa y yo y nuestros dos hijos.  El lugar está muy bien para 4 personas y podria entrar uno más si le pondrían otro sofá cama individual mas en la sala de estar.  Lo mejor que tiene el departamento es la ubicación . En pleno Manhattan y a 3 cuadras del subterraneo. desde que bajamos del avión y hasta que volvimos a subir, utilizamos todo el tiempo el subway, a toda hora y en cualquier momento del dia y de la noche,  volviendo caminando con los niños a las 2 de la madrugada (2am) sin ningún problema. hermoso el barrio de dia y de noche. fabuloso supermercado a dos cuadras.  A Joris no lo vimos núnca, ya que todos los accesos al edificio y a la baulera(que nos salvó) son con códigos y apertura automática. No hizo falta verlo. Gracias por la estadía. y lo recomiendo para quien quiera que vaya a pasear una semana por NY. Great location. Close to everything if your trip is about tourism. Boris is very quick to answer any possible question or need and, the apartment is exactly as described. El departamento es muy cómodo y excelentemente ubicado. Generally nice place. Responsive host, good location, fast wifi. Place is clean, except for the shower curtain. Furniture / deco is a bit dated, but is good for the price."	1
496	Moira’s apartment was a beautiful refuge in a lovely part of Brooklyn.  The apartment is located a few easy blocks from the C-train, on a charming street of brownstones tucked away from the main drag of Atlantic Avenue.  I was traveling for work and it was extremely easy to get in and out of Manhattan, even late at night.  There is a grocery store around the block, as well as several specialty food stores and coffeehouses. The neighborhood is walkable and safe, with great restaurants and activities close by.  The apartment is very quiet, clean, and peaceful, and the furnishings are elegant and well chosen.  The apartment has a wonderful renovated kitchen and a sizable bedroom that gets a lot of sunlight; the shower has great water pressure and the mattress is on the firm side but quite comfortable.  (NB - There is no television or microwave for those who prefer those things, but the internet connection is very reliable - and who needs a microwave when you can walk out the door and eat practically any kind of food you desire!) Moira was a lovely host, quick to respond and very knowledgeable about her neighborhood. I would definitely recommend her apartment for those who want to have a fantastic Brooklyn adventure – thank you Moira! Super fine! The house is cute, clean and very close to the subway. And Moira is so nice and reliable that we felt like home every moment. Everything was perfect. We had an awesome staying at Moiras apartment. The  place is clean, tidy and spacious. She has been very helpful on every detail before and during the time we stayed. Neighborhood is real Brooklyn and you can go walking for breakfast or brunch at Lunitas which has best empanadas in town. I will definitely recommend to book Moiras apartment and Ill do next time visiting NYC!  The host canceled this reservation 28 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. My stay at Moiras was great! The apartment is very tidy and the location was amazing! Moira was always available to answer any questions we had. Moira is an awesome host- would recommend to any guest looking to visit NYC. Great spot! The apartment was charming and clean. Thanks for a perfect Airbnb experience! Hospitality was perfect 	1
497	Very friendly host in a new and nice building. nice room for this cost near public transport and cool host Natasha byla velmi mila, ochotna. Komunikovala ihned dokonce i pres sms. Prisla mi i naprosti a pomohla s kuframa. Byt se nachazi blizko metra. Natasha was a friendly host who answer quickly to our messages .  Her flat was well situated ( 3 minutes to line 6 which bring you to Times Square in 15 minutes ) . Around the flat you will find convenience store, laundry , restaurants. The only negative thing is cleaning . Cleaning wasnt done before we arrive and is not fair . So a big improvement needs to be done for next travelers . Thank you anyway for your hospitality , everything could be almost perfect . Great host and nice place Natashas place is perfect for a quick weekend in NYC. The room is just as described and very reasonable price. The location is great - so close to the subway and a delicious breakfast option (recommended by Natasha). We will definitely stay here again. excellent location. a street and half of the underground. Natasha is very attentive and friendly. The apartment is very nice and you have a lot of privacy. Natashas response is immediate and her dogs are beautiful. The cost is economical and it is an excellent choice! Nous sommes arrivées avec du retard nous avons été accueilli par un homme que nous navons pas revu après. Il nous a fait une visite rapide et est parti. Quartier familial, calme et sécurisé. Appartement très calme, et bien situé mais pas propre. Le menage na pas ete fait avant ni pendant. Il y a un manque dhygiène dû aux poils de chiens (3) quon retrouve partout sur ses affaires, sur soi, sur la couette et le lit. Jai fais une allergie à ça sur tout le corps, ou peut-être était ce des piqûres daraignée.. pourtant nous payons des frais de ménage. Mis à part ça lappartement est bien, une porte de sortie a chaque etage, pratique. Natasha est simple et gentille, elle nous a autorisé à laisser nos valises dans lappartement le dernier jour comme notre vol était du soir afin quon ne soit pas obligé de les avoir avec nous toute la journée dehors. Natasha was an amazing host. She helped us to get around and made our stay quiet comfortable. It was a homely place and not commercial. She has a beautiful house. She is also an a,axing person to talk with!!	0
498	What a fantastic spot!! This place was a real find. My group was very comfortable and we enjoyed the space fully. The amenities were great, and we spent a lot of time here just cause it was so enjoyable. Really cool that it was just across the street from Central Park, we had to go check it out. Also great having the subway so close Benjis place was really outstanding! What a find, just across the street from Central Park. The apartment itself was incredibly cozy, and we were very comfortable the entire time. Benji and his partner were also very attentive and easy to communicate with, making our stay very smooth. I would definitely recommend this apartment Lappartement est très bien situé (en face du Central Park, près des boîtes de Jazz dHarlem et facile de se stationner gratuitement dans la rue**) Même sil est un peu loin des autres quartiers hip de New-York, le métro est directement à côté donc pas de problème pour se déplacer. Lappart était propre et avait tout le nécessaire. Un peu bruyant la la nuit, mais bon cest à New-York, ça ne nous a pas empêché de bien dormir. Les hôtes ont été supers! Très accessibles et accomodants, car nous avons pu prendre possession de lappart plus tôt! Bref je vous recommande sans hésiter !:) We loved the apartment.  Is everything the photos shows. You have a Subway station 20 meters.  The rooms has an incredible view to Central Park Benji and his communication is very good and the apartment’s location next to the park is great. But guests should be aware that this apartment is very obviously exclusively for Air Bnb renters and has been prepared as such. It is unclear whether the building is aware of this and the apartment itself is superficially nice (i.e., there must be 20 layers of pain on the walls, that cover all kinds of things including old locks and doorbells). Also, the foot traffic is just outside and very loud - at all hours. Note that we paid nearly $500 per night (it was a price surge and holiday season). But even by NYC standards, once we saw the place (and dealt with some of the problems which included not having hot water one of the mornings), this price was completely outrageous. When I initially saw the pictures and description which made the place look extraordinarily spacious, I thought the high price was acceptable. But absolutely not worth what we paid. Also, note that the apartment is one long narrow hallway with multiple rooms (including the kitchen and living room/dining table area). The apartment was clean and just as shown in the pictures. The location was excellent, steps away from access to different subway lines and on a good road for catching uptown buses.  The view of the park was lovely and a grocery store is located around the corner.    Our one quite severe concern (which was expressed to the host but we never received a reply) was that the windows in the apartment did not close or lock, leading to both a security concern and to a problem with the temperature in the apartment.  We emailed the hosts to let them know that the apartment was freezing (our stay was in December and we have to sleep fully clothed) but never received a response.  This led to a less-than-enjoyable vacation as we were constantly cold both walking around the city (expected in December) and while trying to relax and sleep at night (not expected at all). 就是冬天有点冷,夏天应该会住的更舒服。 Beautiful flat in the heart of new york, only 10 meters from the tube station, and right opposite central park. The flat was decent and had all the basic stuff you need in a flat. Would certainly recommend. Its a great apt and close to everything.  Very happy with my stay  Being in that apartment was a very rewarding experience. A comfortable and beautiful place to stay. Highly recommended! Overall my two girlfriends and I loved the apartment. You are right across the street from Central Park and maybe 100 yards from the subway which was incredible.   The building has an elevator for those that need that. The apartment was spacious for being in the city. We loved the fact we all had our own bed and there was a separate hang out space.   The only bummer was getting a phone call on our way to the apartment letting us know that the cleaning crew had not made it to the apartment yet. We were still able to drop off our bags and head down for a show so it wasn’t a big deal for us but could have been based on our plans.   Despite the hiccup I would most definitely stay here again. Nice place! Highly recommended! We were able to check in prior to 3pm & was able to drop off our stuff while the apt. was being cleaned.  Upon returning, place was fairly clean, but a bottle of leftover soda was left in the dining area corner floor.  Bedsheets in the room w/ double beds were very staticky, that i had to remove the sheets because you can actually see sparks. You’re able to hear every noise on the street (people talking, sirens, cars, etc.).  The 2nd night we noticed that there was leaking on the flooring when flushing the toilet.  Notified the owners & we were informed (a couple hours later) they would get someone to help with it. Nothing or nobody assisted, luckily we were at our last night and just left paper towels to soak up any water.  Overall, for my 1st airbnb experience, I would consider staying at a hotel instead. Having these types of issues would not be worth it regardless of price. We visited begging of February 2018. With three teenagers. Great location , nice apartment and very responsive hosts. We look forward to our next visit. Wonderful location - across the street from Central Park and half block from subway station. Clean, comfortable space. Pictures do flatter the older apartment space, but there is plenty of charm. Guests should be aware that bedrooms front to a busy street with lots of noise at all hours. Our disappointment was in the insufficiency of amenities (only linens, coffee pot and toaster) and the quality of towels and lack of wash cloths and hand towels. Overall, with a little more attention to detail (recommended to host), this is a great find and value in NYC. great location and spacious room. I definitely recommend this place! Prédio Antigo,apartamento confortável,ele fica na frente do Central Park,estação metrô fica a 3 min a pé,boa localização.	1
499	Very nice place, very affordable for the area, close to public transportation, close to everything Nos encantó alojarnos en la casa de Alejandrina, es un lugar muy cómodo, acogedor, cerca de los principales sitios de interés, si es tu primera vez en Nueva York este es el lugar ideal, la comunicación con  Alejandrina fue excelente, el vecindario es agradable con muchos sitios para comer, estas a 10 minutos caminando de Times Square y la estación de metro. Volveríamos a alojarnos allí sin duda! Alejandrina was nice and caring! So cute apartment! loved it Very very nice and helpful host...central area in heart of nyc just 5 min from times square... nice price as well ....I really suggest it Amazing flat, cozy and well decorated. Alejandrina was a wonderful host, helpful and relative beyond measure. I highly recommend her flat. I’ve such a great time! Alejandrina’s place is really clean, all equipped and close to everywhere and to main subway stations! You can reach everywhere very easily! It is walking distance from Times Sq and Broadway in a quiet and safe place. The apartment is located in the 2nd floor of a short building and easily to get with heavy baggages. Also, it is near a market and allows you to grab some food to take home. The apartment is very comfy, cozy and warm in the winter. Alejandrina took care of everything, even of an energy adaptor! The bed is big and very comfy. Also, Alejandrina is very careful and is always looking after you! A pearl in NY and I would definitely come back again next time I am in NY. More spacious than I expected for a Manhattan studio and very convenient to the subway. Overall it was a perfect space for my visit.	1
500	Great spot spacious clean great host Nice place Good location, nice apartment and a gym   Abraham’s place is a nice little studio. My friends and I only stayed for one night and it worked perfectly. Theres a regular bed that fits two and then a small pull out couch. My two friends fit on the couch perfectly. Its about a 12 minute walk to central park and about 30 minute walk to times square. This place was the closest and most affordable for us since we would mainly be in Times Square. We saved a lot on transportation since we could walk everywhere. I highly suggest this place if you want to get a “ real New Yorker” experience. Good location, nice and quiet apartment! Great location and price. Abraham and Nina were very helpful.	1
501	Lägenheten var mycket bekväm i sin helhet. Den var också mycket personlig, så man kände verkligen att man bodde i en privatpersons bostad. Vi fick också mycket bra kontakt med andra personer i huset, så det kändes att det fanns ett socialt nätverk. Great place to stay for a weekend away in NYC. Eli was easy to work with and the apartment was comfortable.  Eli was a great host. Everything was just as the picture described. The place was clean and echo friendly. Friendly neighbors, very pleasant. Our friends who lived in Manhattan navigated us to your place. It was an easy process with the keys and entrance to the apartment. Eli was nice enough to ship two small bags we left. It was three of us. We slept in the living room on the couch and pull out futon. Very spacious. Never felt cramped. The host canceled this reservation 24 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Elis place is awesome. I had a very comfortable stay and would definitely stay again! The host canceled this reservation 53 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	1
502	Danielle was a great host - very responsive leading up to our trip and so kind once we got there. The place was small but felt open and spacious, perfect for two people sharing a sleeping space. the location is great,  right in the middle and you can get anywhere so easily. Danielle was really nice, really welcoming.  She made us feel Like home.  The apartment was clean and great for us we had everything we wanted.  And The subway was close.  We Also did find great restaurants near by, and cheap mani pedi.  Thanks again Danielle! Danielle was an extremely warm & welcoming host. She went out of her way to make sure that our stay was comfortable from the get go. Communication was great with Danielle, she was always quick to respond to any questions I had. The studio is a cozy haven in the middle of great night-life/food spots. Easy to get to, and close to the Union Square subway. I would HIGHLY recommend anyone to her apartment if they should find themselves looking to stay downtown! Thank you Danielle! We spent three nights at Danielles studio. She is very welcoming and made some great suggestions of places to eat nearby. Her place feel spacious for NYC standards. It was very, very clean, neat, pleasant. You have a frosted big window that allows both light and privacy. The air conditioner was great to have at night and cooled the whole place off in a few minutes. You can walk to all kinds of nearby and interesting neighbourhoods and transit very easily from here. This area makes you really feel like one one of the locals.  Trader Joes is nearby and there are fruit stands at the corner. Very convenient, very clean, spacious for a studio. Danielle made us feel right at home. She even allowed us to store our luggage there on our departure day. We were most grateful for that flexabililty.  I would love to stay here again. Danielle was a great host -- she provided flexible check in and check out and was very helpful in answering all my questions.    The apartment and neighbourhood are exactly as described -- the apartment is very spacious and clean with well functioning appliances and shower.  The neighbourhood has many great features and Danielle was helpful in letting me know about different restaurant and laundry options.  I stayed for a week so I was able to really get to know the apartment and neighbourhood.  The only possible downside I would point out is that the mattress on the bed is a little soft and could be a problem for someone with back problems.  I would definitely recommend the apartment and Danielle to others. I had the chance to meet Danielle in person and she is so lovely. The apartment is so comfy; one big room with a big comfy bed, a nice couch, a couple of chairs and a coffee table. The kitchen is part of the room and is well equipped. There is enough space for luggage and the AC works perfectly. I stayed there for a week with my boyfriend and it was exactly what we needed; a place at the edge of east village in a quiet street and close enough to cool restaurants and amazing cocktail bars. The subway and supermarket are around the corner and laundry is couple of streets away. Thank you Danielle for making our stay a breeze.  Danielle was a wonderful host. Her place was charming, cozy and very functional. The location is great - walking distance to the subway, close to Union Square and to many bars and restaurants in East Village. Danielle was pleasant and was there to meet us when we arrived, she herself accessible if needed.    Her space was located in an ideal location for us and it was very quaint and proved to be exactly what we needed. The apartment is on the ground floor which made for even quicker and easier access into the building.    As shown, her studio was easily able to accommodate 4 persons without everyone continuously bumping into each other, she also provided fresh linens.    We wold definitely consider using her place again in the future.    KM Danielle was a very nice and welkoming host.  The apartment was nice  and perfectly located.  Everything was as expected. Brilliant apartment, Danielle was so helpful and respectful. Perfect location for getting to basically anywhere thats worth going. Definitely book with her.  Hemos estado muy a gusto en el apartamento Danielle. Ha sido muy atenta con nosotros y se ha adaptado a nuestros horarios para la entrega y recogida de llaves sin ningun problema.    El apartamento es tal y como se puede ver en las fotos. Esta muy cerca de una estacion de metro con lo que facilita mucho la movilidad por NY, que es algo muy a tener en cuenta. El barrio tiene muchos restaurantes, supermercados, etc.. muy a mano por lo que no se echa nada en falta.    Thanks Danielle. Danielle was very friendly and welcoming and a great help to us while we were in NYC. She was quick to reply and had great suggestions for bars and restaurants to check out. The apartment is just as the photos suggest, good size for two and great location. Would be very happy to come back and stay at Danielles again! Thanks for having us :)  Perfect location, fantastic apartment (more beautifull and more luminous than the photos) and excellent host!!! We had an incredible stay in Danielle´s apartment. We recommend it 100%. We felt like home and surely we will return!! O apartamento tem um bom espaço para duas pessoas,é limpo, bem localizado e próximo ao metrô. Nos ajudou muito a flexibilidade de horário para o check in e check out, Danielle era sempre muito atenciosa e prestativa. Um ponto negativo seria apenas o colchão que não era muito confortável e o fato de não ter cortina, o que atrapalhava o descanso. Obrigada Danielle por nos ajudar em tudo o que precisamos. Danielle was a wonderful host and this apartment was perfect for our stay in New York. Easy to access, clean, and comfortable, with nearby subway stations for ease of transportation. Danielle was flexible when our flight got in later than expected and the check in and check out process was seamless. She even recommended a local restaurant for dinner that was amazing! Would definitely recommend Danielles apartment to anyone visiting the city.   Danielle is a fantastic host. She was very attentive and quick to respond with any needs and enquiries we had. We throughly enjoyed staying at her place. The location is very convenient with the subway nearby, and many great food places close by. I would definitely recommend her place to others!   Danielle was such a great host. Her apartment is such a perfect location. My friend and I stayed in the apartment for our spring semester and it was such a great first time experience living in the city. Danielle was incredibly easy to communicate with and very responsive if there ever was an issue. The apartment is very clean and the kitchen for being in Manhattan is quite large and equipped for a dinner at home, if thats your preference. I would recommend a stay for anyone looking to be close to union square, the east village and even the lower east side night life. As well as being in an equal proximity to both uptown and downtown tourist type of adventures.  When my family and I needed a place to stay near the East Village for a few days, Danielles studio was a great pick. The location is super close to the L station and walkable from Union Square. Danielle was super attentive to any questions and concerns we had before/during our stay, and the place was in great condition/well-kept. Id definitely recommend it! Excelente alojamiento. En perfecto estado y limpio. Muy buena ubicación.  Danielle es muy atenta y nos ha hecho sentir como en casa My boyfriend and I had this best time in NYC despite the heat & humidity. Thank goodness for a/c! We appreciated how close the studio was to the L train in addition to rite aid & numerous restaurants/bars. Danielle made our check in/out so simple, and we would be more than happy to stay at her listing again. The charming East Village Studio was exactly that, charming.  Danielle was a wonderful host.  Everything was clean and exactly as described.  It was the little details that really made it so wonderful for me.      Being from a small country town, I had concerns about being able to sleep in a noisy city.  She had a fan that I ran during the night to have a consistent hum that masked the city noise.  I rested great!The day I saw the statue of liberty in the rain, I returned and took advantage of the clothes drying rack she had which took up no space when folded.  There were paper towels and tissue, extra trash bags, an umbrella available, and even a few hangers in the closet!      The apartment was close to the entrance of the building and on the first floor which was very convenient.  The water in the bathroom was hot quickly for a shower and the water pressure in the shower was good too.      The location was great, only one block to the L train.  After I got accustomed to the area though, I walked the short distance to Union Station.  A CVS is right around the corner and an ice cream truck parked on the opposite corner (delicious!!)  It was an excellent location for me in a quiet neighborhood (well, quiet for a city).    Danielle herself was very responsive.  Whenever I initially inquired she replied very quickly and continued to as I made my decision to stay in her apartment.  While I was there, I had no need to contact her since all my needs were met.  When it was time to go, she again responded quickly with instructions about returning the keys.    This was my first experience with airbnb and Danielle has set the bar very high for a stay in another city.  But if I return to New York, shell be my first call hoping I can stay here again! We enjoyed staying in this studio, which was a perfect fit for our needs. Location was very convenient as well. Danielle is an excellent host, responds quickly and always ready to help. Super séjour , quartier très agréable, tout est  à proximité.Danielle est toujours disponible si besoin. Nous avons hâte de revenir !  Danielle was great and welcoming, the apartment is located close to everything and it was small but cosy. Only (small) downside was that being on the ground floor there was a considerable amount of street noise. Danielle has been a perfect host, her apartment is cosy and very clean. The apartment is very well located. 4 people can easily be accommodated, even if it is a one room apartment. Guests just need to know that the phonic isolation is not very good (maybe this is a usual issue in NYC) and therefore you are not in a perfectly quiet location, even if the street remains relatively quiet.  Danielle bola vynikajúca hostitelka. Apartmán bol velmi útulný a čistý. Check-in a check-out prebehol bezproblémovo. Ďakujeme za fantastický pobyt, ktorý by som kedykolvek odporučil ďaľším cestovatelom. Danielle was awesome.  Met me in person and walked me through the listing.  She (and her husband Gordon) was great!!! Danielle was very easy to communicate and was kind enough to coordinate KeyCafe feature for my late check-in time. Her place is cozy and is in great location near good restaurants and cafes. If you want to experience a real New York East Village moment, I would strongly recommend her place! Danielle was bery welcome me n my family. We were late around 2 hours coz of immigration queuing. And couldnt contact her at all. Sorry for that Danielle.  It was amazing and couldnt make me more happy finding that the apartment is only really few steps to my daughters dorm.  Eveything I need was in the kitchen. The ammenities and supplies were there.  CVS, Duane and Trader Joes are around. Me and my familys first stay in NY was wonderful.  Thank you Danielle.  We were met at the apartment by Danielle and Gordon and given an overview of the apartment and the area which help with our settling in.  Danielle was also quick to reply to a couple of questions. The apartment is located a short walk from the station which made getting around easy and all the required shops and restaurants are located a short walk away.  We had a great stay in NYC and the apartment was a key part of this experience. You cant beat the location, it was perfect.  The room was just as it looked in the picture.  Id definitely stay here again.  El departamento es tal cual se ve en las fotos. Está muy bien situado, a 200m del metro. El barrio tiene mucha onda por las noches. Lo malo es el ruido, porque esta en un primer piso, y la cama no es muy buena.  Great place, great host - Danielle was very helpful!! We had an overall amazing stay here!  The place is well located in East Village and Danielle communicates well. The flat can be a bit noisy at times but earplugs are provided. Overall we liked our experience.  Awesome place!!  Fantastic Location! Ridiculously close to the L train meaning you are stops away from either the heart of Manhattan or cool and young Williamsburg. Mainly residential one way street meaning that noise is minimal with the ever thoughtful Danielle still providing earplugs for just in case. Tasteful and simple interior adds to the value of this apartment by making the size work for you. As a host Danielle was helpful, informative, prompt and kind giving great advise and answering all questions. Thanks again Danielle we had an amazing girls trip and would recommend your place to anyone! Danielle was great!!! She was very friendly and really made a point to communicate with me before and after my stay (and very responsive during). I was very pleased with the place, it was exactly as described and in a very convenient location (very close to subways etc) and the best pizza place ever.  Great place, awesome location, very clean, really cool neighborhood.  Danielle was very responsive, check in was a breeze.  This apartment is very close to subway access, making it really convenient to get around the city or into Brooklyn.  We loved staying here and would love to stay again. I felt very welcome and it was homey, and well decorated and clean. I appreciated the location as to being very easy to access the subway. Perfect first time visit in New York! We had an excellent time- beautiful place, exactly like the pictures, and spotless. Perfectly decorated, and had an extra heater for the chilly winter nights, so cozy. Great location, just a block from the subway and steps from restaurants and great bagels. Thanks for a wonderful stay!  Danielles space is very fresh, clean and welcoming. It is a well-designed studio apartment (with a surprising amount of sunlight!) that was plenty spacious for my husband and I. The apartment is on the first floor, so we did hear foot traffic in the hallway, and some street noise, but it wasnt difficult to fall asleep at night. And this may be meaningless for some, but I really appreciated the great water pressure! The apartment is in a great location for walking to the East Village, LES, and SoHo, and right on the L for easy transit throughout the city. Would definitely recommend! - Really liked how flexible check-in times were. Super simple and easy.  - The Airbnb was nice and cozy, close to public transit, and close to a lot of good restaurants. Danielles space is lovely and the location was excellent.  Beautiful space and centrally positioned, saw most of Manhattan on foot in fact! Great bars and restaurant close by! Danielle was very helpful and quick to respond to any issues! 10/10 Great location and really easy to check in and out at our leisure. Perfect for a short break in New York.  Danielles apartment is wonderful! Very cute, clean, and safe. The location is perfect, right in the heart of the East Village with easy subway access. Great restaurants and bars very close by. Highly recommended! Great space in an incredible neighborhood! Close proximity to amazing restaurants and bars! We loved our stay at Danielles place! She was a great host and we had an outstanding experience in the neighborhood.  We had a great stay in Danielles apartment. Everything was as expected. The apartment was clean and tidy, just like the advert.  Communication from Danielle was almost instant which really helped.   Andy and Matt  Bristol Danielles Apartment liegt sehr zentral im East Village und mitten im Leben. Es ist gemütlich, klein und sauber und wir können es sehr empfehlen. New York ist eine Großstadt und natürlich ist es entsprechend laut...aber Danielle hat für  geräuschempfindliche Ohren vorgesorgt...!  Danielles apartment was exactly as described - and had everything we needed, a comfortable bed and perfectly located in the East Village (right by the L train). Check in and out was smooth and communication excellent - thanks! Danielle was a great host and her apartment was perfect! Great spot for access to all that Manhatten has to offer. Well set up for a small apartment. Really comfy bed and good shower pressure - important when washing long hair in particular! Just around the corner from the L line so super easy to catch the subway wherever you want to go.  Cinco estrellas para este hermoso apartamento en el que nos alojamos por segunda vez. Es muy confortable y todo está impecablemente limpio! Tiene todo lo necesario para pasar unos días sintiéndote un neoyorquino! De muy buen tamaño para dos o tres personas, además es muy céntrico, está a un paso del metro, de Trader Joes, de una estación de City Bike (en la esquina) y muy cerca de Unión Square. Es perfecto! Además, Danielle es una anfitriona de lujo y sin duda volveremos a alojarnos aqui (si está disponible) cuando volvamos a New York!  Gracias Danielle!  Paula y Anibal de Buenos Aires. Everything was great and location was perfect for us! Danielle was wonderful, she answer all of our questions and the house was lovely! We are looking forward for our next trip to NYC!!! Good location. First apt. on the first floor of the building. Host was easy to get ahold of. Space was a good value for the price. Danielles apartment has a really convenient location and the apartment is comfortable and clean. Our stay was awesome! Danielle was extremely communicative and welcoming. The apartment was wonderful and clean. Would stay here again in a heartbeat! We loved our stay in the apartment! Our first time to NY. Not too far from all tourist attractions and easy to get to the subway station. Apartment was very clean and cozy with a comfortable bed! Wed definitely stay again! We had a lovely one week stay in Danielle’s studio which proved perfect in terms of location (100 yards from a subway station direct to Brooklyn and Meat Market District, as well as EW and NS buses) and surroundings (plenty of restaurants, easy walking access to East Village, Union Square etc, easy shopping…). The apartment itself, although small, is very clean, tastefully furnished, with an extremely good bed. It has a good bathroom and a well integrated kitchen. As the street is not very noisy, the location on the first floor does not matter. It was absolutely perfect for our one week stay. Although we never met, Danielle was really easy to get in touch with ( (Hidden by Airbnb) or messages) and helpful. Check in and check out were simple, and Danielle even went out of her way to accomodate our needs. Altogether, we give wholeheartedly five stars to this first Airbnb experience in NYC. Danielles apartment was amazing and just like the pictures! Clean, beautifully decorated, had everything you need. Danielle always answered quickly and checked on our stay. Bed was super comfortable and even the sofa was amazing to just relax on. It is in a great location, with many spots around it as well as transport hubs. Danielle includes some recommendations of things to do or visit in the area. She even includes ear plugs to use in case the street noise bothers the guests. Would highly recommend Location is great and Danielle was super responsive. Danielle  home was wonderful , it was everything  and more , She was always accessible and responded immediately . The home was warm and was located very conveniently with stores and cafes close by . We had an excellent last-minute getaway to NYC and Danielles apartment was an excellent home base for exploring. The studio is well appointed an beautifully decorated. The bed is comfortable and the provided linen and towels were clean and fresh. The wifi was fast and we appreciated the ability to watch Netflix and other streaming services from the TV. I would highly recommend staying at Danielles apartment if youre headed to NYC! Danielle’s place is ideal for a weekend in the city. It’s a well kept studio in a great area with a bed/comforter combo that are only to be described as “choice”. Thanks for the awesome getaway spot. -Rich Danielle’s place was fantastic ! Clean and great location. Stylish, cozy, and clean space.  Danielle was proactive in communicating with us, and the space was exactly as advertised.  Easy check-in/out processes.  Highly recommend! Often when there is a social trend in favor of something, those who dont like it refrain from speaking out. Here is a review for those who are particular  about the spaces that they stay.  The check in prices is a huge drain.  You must convince your driver to stop and wait at / parade your luggage from the subway to the 7/11 a couple blocks away.  The machine in the back had three broken key access doors, and unless you held down each of the exposed switches, it would not dispense the keys.  I was not in the mood for an escape room challenge. Find your way back to the building and open the slum house door to enter a hallway so thick with cannabis smoke I actually thought perhaps Cheech Marin was two doors down.  Navigate the 15 feet through moldy grouted, stale and un refurbished, tiles falling off the wall hall and open the door to the most uncomfortably micro sized apartment.  Zero air flow.  On the street.  And sounds like you are inside of a box drum; A micro amphitheater of NYC sounds and at night, drunken conversation.  I lived in the east village for ten years, less then a block away, and can veritably say that Ive never experienced anything nearly as offensive as the noise level of this apartment.  After a sleepless night, I wrote the host my experience and hoped for an amicable solution within the Airbnb community that I have been part of for over 7 years. She first argued with me about it.  And gave a copy paste like response.  Wow.  Super rude. Although the host eventually agreed to refund a portion of my stay, I do not recommend staying there for any reason.  Bless Great location and landing spot/ base for our quick weekend trip. Owner was very responsive & friendly. Impeccably designed one bedroom apartment in the East Village. Close to public transportation, stores and restaurants. Excellent communication and easy check-in. The space and location are wonderful! We had spent a long weekend in New York and wanted to just explore and eat. Danielle’s place provided the perfect spot to get around from (we went everywhere from Central Park to Times Square to Brooklyn), and it was a great spot to come home to late at night.	1
503	this was really a wonderful experience for us and Sean and wife really made us feel so welcomed. adequate preparation was made for our arrival, communication was superb and they were ever ready to help and even go the extra mile to make us comfortable.    the privacy of the apartment was also good for some quality family time and we really felt at home in the place.  great people, great place! During my stay in NY I stayed in Seans basement apartment. It was one of the few available places still open. It was in Queens so not too close to Manhattan, but it was comfortable, cozy, and was affordable. Sean was very nice and accommodating, I would stay here again.  Sean was a very good host. Before we arrived, Sean sent me everything I would need to ensure I have a smooth arrival.   Upon arrival, Sean had drinks and a cut up watermelon in the refrigerator for us to enjoy. He also a box of Moon Pies for us to enjoy.   The apartment was very clean and described accurately. The neighborhood was very safe and the apartment was .4 miles away from the train station. There was plenty of places to eat or get food within a 1/2 mile radius.   The apartment was in the basement so there wasnt any air conditioning but Sean had two fans going and it kept the apartment cool.   I could not find the wifi password when I arrived. I messaged Sean asking for it and within minutes he responded. Thanks Sean for everything!  Sean is a nice person,the place is good,thanks Sean.  Overall great first bnb experience. Sean is very nice, made us feel comfortable.  It was my girlfriends first time in NY and both of our first times in Queens. We really enjoyed our stay and Seans place is located close to grocery stores and good eating spots and its also a close walk to a coupe different trains. Super comfortable bed as well!  Great place, great host.  Mr. Chan was very helpful and his place is exactly as pictured.  It is a tidy basement efficiency studio: bedroom, living room and kitchen all in one spacious room.  Private bathroom.  It is very private and quiet.  Excellent value.  Will be staying again. 2nd time staying here.  Quiet, cozy and private.  Easy street parking.  Nice living room.  Great value.  Highly recommend. Nous sommes 3 amis et sommes partis pour un séjour de 9 jours à New York. Nous cherchions un logement pour la nuit surtout car beaucoup de visites au programme... du coup nous sommes satisfaits du logement de Sean, qui répond tout à fait à cette attente (peut être un peu petit pour y rester toute la journée). De plus Sean est très réactif, il répond tout de suite aux mails et puisquil habite au dessus il est tout de suite là sil y a un problème. La situation géographique du logement est bonne (station de métro à 5min à pied, stocks alimentaires à 3min), quartier non bruyant. En tout cas nous avons passé un bon séjour à moindre coût grâce à ce logement dun bon rapport qualité prix! Positive Great communication: Sean lives in the same building and always gave us the feedback directly.  Negative Since its basement, smell wasnt really perfect.  Trash neighborhood. Got my spare tire on my Jeep stolen while staying here. Poor communication with host. & no real privacy. The listing was good for the price. It was pretty clean and the host is responsive. It was pretty close the subway and a few restaurants. The only issue was the smell from mothballs. The towels were kept in the same cabinet as them, so Id recommend bringing your own towels.  Bug. Roaches. Moth smell. Private okay. Had issues dont want to write about  The host canceled this reservation 25 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	0
504	The reservation was canceled 73 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Our room was very big and clean with a confortable bed. Common area were not so clean. great location, near the metro. for the price it was a great experience. we never met Rong but she gave us direction hot to find her apartment and we met her very kind roomate. 离地铁站很近,搭一号线去市中心方便快捷。周围许多餐馆超市,营业到很晚,很热闹,晚归也没有安全问题。。  We didnt meet Rong but she was really hepful and the room was perfect, also the subway is really close. =) I did not get to meet Rong, but we communicated well through messages, and her friend was helpful in helping us get settled in. Location is great, with the subway, supermarket, and eateries close by. Unfortunately, I feel that the cleanliness of the place could be improved upon.	0
505	Shaneka and her Children are really a nice family. They treat you feel like home and they have a cat which is pretty. The room is cozy and clean. Its also quite and comfortable.  It is a wonderful neighborhood - shops and excellent restaurants are nearby. Even just stay for a short time I still have a good experience at their home.When I return to NY, I will definitely be booking again with Shaneka . Thank you.    Missing you Guys  It was good experience for me.house and everything was clean.Sheneka was great host Shaneka was a lovely hostess and I absolutely enjoyed my short stay. She was very easy to communicate with. The space was clean and exactly as listed. The neighborhood is within easy walking distance to two train stations. Thank you Shaneka for the last days lunch ;) I stayed at Shanekas flat for 1 night with my fiend, and we were very happy that we stayed there. Shaneka met me on arrival and was a fantastic host: friendly, and knowledgeable. The flat was great, clean, organised and well located. I would highly recommend this apartment! My stay at Shaneka place was good. The place was clean just to small and the area is not s friendly area Shaneka was incredibly quick to respond, as helpful as anyone Ive met on Airbnb, and the room is absolutely beautiful. Theres an attached bathroom and a side entrance so if you work late hours as I do, you can avoid disturbing the rest of the family. I would recommend her to anyone and if definitely stay again! good place to live! Shaneka is a really nice person. And the room is clean and big. Shanekas place was perfect for our short visit. My sister and I booked this room because we came to New York to watch the ball drop in Times Square for New Years Eve. We flew into JFK airport and took a Uber to the house. Upon arriving Shaneka made us feel at home instantly and was very helpful and available for our needs. The room has its own bathroom which gave it more of a hotel feel. The room was clean and she even provided new bath towels for us. The subway was a short 5 min walk from the house and there was plenty of local stores and restaurants in walking distance as well. This place was well worth the money we spent and we would book this place again. Shaneka went over the top, bent over backwards to make sure I was comfortable and taken care of. Her family was also so great in making me feel welcome. The room was exactly what I needed; a clean big bed and a private bathroom plus wifi access. I highly recommend this place, and specifically recommend Shaneka if youre wanting to feel like youre at home away from home. Had a great comfortable stay Shaneka was very sweet and welcoming Its a really nice place she was really nice the place was clean communication was good I had a good time Clean room, cute dog and great family. All in all couldnt have asked for a better stay! I stayed with my 1 year old daughter and everything was perfect. Big room, close to 3 train (even though it wasnt running ️) and private bath. Shaneka was very nice and inviting. Would stay again!	0
506	The shared room is in a great location. But unfortunately the address in Airbnb is wrong. I met other travelers who were there who were given the wrong address too. After looking for the place 30min, I finally found someone who lend me their phone to call them. After the second try, they finally answered my call. The communication made me quite uncomfortable. So, make sure you write them before arrival asking for the correct address. Plus, they wont give you a key and the apartment is always unlocked. At night you just have to hope someone is at home, or someone will enter the building. Apart from that, it was clean, comfortable bed and great location. Great localization and comfortable bed. Please, check the right address with Laura if you wanna go there.  The place is very well located and good value for money. I definitely recommend. Very clean! Very friendly host, few bugs but it is NYC. Great location! Everything was great!! 2nd time staying, quick and easy!! Fine for one night. But not longer. Clean. Comfortable bed. Good location. Good value for the area. Some issues. Tub pipe blocked water in tub so could not shower. Did not meet hosts I was looking for a cheap and decent place to lay my head during a quick trip to NYC. This place fulfilled my needs perfectly! No option for locking your bag, so I was thankful to just have clothes and toiletries with me, and nothing of value that I needed to leave in the room while I wandered. The beds were comfy and sheets clean. Not sure how many people were sharing the bathroom, but it wasnt a problem for the small amount of time I was there. Beatriz was gracious to let me drop my bag a few hours early since check in wasnt until 3. If youre looking for something cheap, central, and sufficient, this place will do nicely! I stayed two nights at this location April 20th & 21st.  What you see is exactly what is offered.  The girls who live their are very helpful and work as a team,   So if Laura is unavailable she will refer you to another roommate to assist you with whatever you need.   My experience was very much summed up by a review that I read before booking.  It was very much like living in a college dorm again.  The girls living their are all hard working city girls with varying schedules.  Its the perfect option for someone just needing a bed to sleep on at night.  The location is excellent.  You cant beat their price for a Time Square location. Make sure you get the correct address from Laura.  the address posted in incorrect by one block. Staying here was extremely comfortable and homey! Not only do you get to relax around the apt (since its only girls), all the other roomies and Laura herself are very welcoming and nice. Would have stayed another night if I werent pressed for time to head back home! Very good location. Should do more cleaning of the rooms. The upper beds are shaky. The host canceled this reservation 23 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Excelente ubicación caminando llegas a Times square, Rockefeller Center, 5ta. Av., Broadway, etc. Es un departamento para chicas, si les gusta la vida nocturna anfitriones te pueden apoyar, conocen RPS de discotecas y bares. Excelente la ubicación. Gracias!  Great location and comfortable room, super nice place to stay if youre visiting NY! Nice location that you can walk to many place like time square and comfortable bed. Host is so friendly and nice. You have to make sure for the address cause its different from Airbnb.  자고 씻기에 가성비 짱임. 좀 늦게들어갈때 노숙자들이 싸우고 있어서 좀 무서웠음 Stayed with Beatriz & co for one night in the city with my friend. It was the definition of a crash pad, which is just what we needed! Nothing fancy, no frills, but it felt safe and was in a very convenient location (only 50 paces from an uptown subway stop!) with shops, entertainment, and of course, Times Square, very close by. She was very flexible about leaving our suitcases at the apt for a little while outside the official check in and out times, which was so appreciated as we tried to make the very most of our time there! Thanks for your hospitality! If you dont mind a youth hostel-type environment, this is an amazingly wonderful place. The location simply cant be beat and as a woman, I felt safe because: its all girls, the building is locked and sometimes there is a doorman. The 50th St subway is very accessible.  There is an elevator which is wonderful after a hard day of touring.  You are in a bedroom where you can close and lock the door at night if you want to. The hosts were very kind and helpful when we had questions and they will let you just drop off your luggage prior to check-in time.   I couldnt have had a better time.  너무 좋았어요~ 진짜 호스텔 느낌!! Nice location in New York, price very correct, the rooms are very clean and shared with other girls, so maybe not very private but atmosphere friendly and casual :) Stay in Lauras apartment I very convenient. You are near Time Square and many places to visit in NYC . You can walk every were. And the people in the appartme Safe, central, friendly and accommodating hosts.  Fantastic value. The host canceled this reservation 5 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The bunk beds are super unstable so if you are a bigger girl like me and my friend make sure to request a bottom bunk. No air conditioning, only a window unit in the very front of the apartment so the bathroom and bedroom were hot. A cockroach crawled across my bed and came out from inside the bunk bed. When I sat in the kitchen I saw two more. I never met Laura but Beatrice was a very nice and chill host, so was Cindy who was the girl we checked in with. The location is in the middle of super touristy New York and 4 blocks away from Rockafeller, Times Square and the theatre district. All of that said it was worth how much we paid but wouldnt recommend for a long trip. I stayed here for 3 nights and it was great overall. Youre in a room with 2 bunk beds, so 4 beds total. They were full all three nights, but everyone was really nice. Im 20, and 2 of the girls were around my age, and one was a little older. The street is pretty loud at night, so if youre a super light sleeper maybe this isnt right for you. There were a couple bugs in the kitchen but it was no big deal. Beatriz was sooo nice and let me drop off my stuff at like 9am when I got there and let me leave it until 7pm the day I was leaving. You get a key to the building, not to the apartment. Overall it was really great!!!  Its close living space - but for the price and the location its absolutely worth it. This has the feel of a hostel and Beatriz and Laura are great at picking nice people to stay with you at this apartment!  Its MINUTES from Times Square and the subway. And so easy to maneuver around town!  So long as youre flexible on shower/bathroom time - this place is definitely worth the price that its at! Fue muy buena mí estadía en el departamento de Laura, si bien no la conocí a ella si se encontraba Beatriz que es una hermosa persona, muy amigable y dispuesta a ayudar con las dudas que se te presenten. El lugar es tal cual se ve en las fotos y está súper cerca de todo el movimiento en Manhattan. Volvería sin dudarlo! This place was better than I expected! It has a hostel feel. It was very clean, much cleaner than I expected. I didnt mind being barefoot in the room. I was worried about what kind of girls I would be sharing a room with, but everyone was friendly and I had no worries about my possessions. Beatriz was very laid back and kept a clean place. Some pitfalls to staying here: 1. Up to 9 girls will be sharing a bathroom so sometimes you end up waiting to use it. 2. It is noisy at night since you are near Times Square (didnt bother me, Im a heavy sleeper). Some positives to staying here: 1. Great location, felt safe walking home even at 2:30 in the morning. 2. You can meet lots of fun girls who are traveling! 3. Quite clean. 4. Theres an elevator. 5. I was able to check in my luggage early (~ 9 AM) and come back when the room was ready in the afternoon. 6. Theres AC! This was my first experience with Airbnb and it couldnt have been better!!!  I needed an affordable place to stay that would be close to numerous food options and things to do. For the price, this is the best place in NY. It reminded me of the hostels I traveled through in Central America. It was on a safe street in a secure building and not once was I unsure about the girls I was staying with. It helped that only girls were allowed and I had the chance to meet a lot of great women while I was there. When I go back to NYC, I will definitely stay here again! Muy buena ubicación a 3 min del Time square.  Beatriz muy atenta.  Faltaría que nos den información sobre cosas básicas como , cómo llegar del aeropuerto y algunos tips básicos de la cuidad. Yo me comuniqué por mensaje y Laura no supo darme los detalles.  Hay algunas cucarachas chicas, pero Beatriz dijo que estaban tratando de eliminarlas pero estaba difícil del todo. the reservation was canceled. 갑자기 숙소 위치가 변경되었으며 변경된 집은 아직 방 내부 공사가 다 안끝난 상태였습니다 와이파이도 없었으며 욕실이나 거실은 물론이고 방 청소도 제대로 되어있지 않았습니다 Lauras Place is very nice and the location is great! Laura made us contact Claire who gave us the keys on our arrival. We were able to check in at 9pm which was no problem at all.  I have to say though that nothing was prepared. We were 2 persons and slept in two different rooms with other people- would have been nice if we had stayed in the same room. And the beds were not ready yet but we were on the go anyways. Last thing - that people mentioned before-  is that you share one bathroom with 7 other people. Over all I think its a fair price for the great location. This air bnb was well located. The place has a hostel vibe, there were two other girls staying there while i was there. Its really just a crash pad though. Contact with Claire, who owns the place, is pretty limited. Just met her at check in. The place didnt have wifi, but that mightve been because they had just moved in recently. Anyway, dont set the bar too high and this place is great for seeing the city! What we like about this place is the location. Theres a subway station down the street. Its also near a pharmacy place which we ended up going to for a couple of times to get basic needs and a church 2 streets down. We watched the ball drop on new years eve and it was freezing cold ( 10 degrees farenheit and the 2nd coldest ball drop). Were so thankful that the apartment is nearby as were able to go home quickly since its near times square. In the apartment there are a total of 6 girls in there and basically you just get the beds that you need. A girl named Aneta accomodated us during our whole stay. Shes really nice and friendly. The listing is under Laura, but I was contacted by a girl named Beatrize the day before our reservation. In addition, no one in the apartment knew Laura so it was a bit confusing for us. The place overall is ok. One of our concerns though is that were not given instructions on what we can use and not such as for example, the water. We just bought water bottles as we do not know if the water from the sink is drinkable or not and if we can freely use the wifi and such. Overall, my sister and I enjoyed our stay. The location is truly superb.	1
507	The host canceled this reservation 18 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Huge room, bigger than I expected.  Nathaniel was very nice and extremely helpful.  Nice private room in a safe neighborhood with a lot of great people. Free, fast wifi.  Friendly cat. Free parking was available on the street throughout my long stay.  Steps away from the bus, a few minutes to the subway.  A brand new Starbucks is maybe 2 short blocks away. Not far from Target and several local options. Excellent deal for the money. Nathaniel is a very nice guy. Totally accommodating and laid back. I never met the other room mate. The apartment is nice, although the smell of the kitty litter is a little strong. The location is ok but not that close to the subway. The room is great and spacious and the ceiling in the summer heat was very helpful.  The host canceled this reservation 7 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Little far from the subway but overall great stay. Nathans awesome Nathaniel was a friendly, flexible and communicative host - even though he was gone for most of my stay due to work. It felt like a safe, if somewhat secluded, neighborhood and there is a Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts, grocery store and a few takeout places nearby. However, I was not aware of Nathaniels cat prior to arriving. Its also a bit inconvenient for Midtown Manhattan (Times Square, Grand Central, etc.) - especially at night. Overall though it was a comfortable stay.  Nate was a good host.	0
508	BEWARE. Host was completely unreachable after hours of calling and messaging and texting. We had to carry our luggage around NYC for the entire day and had to miss out on many things because we couldnt find a place to stay. Called airbnb customer support THREE times before they finally agreed to cancel our stay with Tony and let us rebook elsewhere. Good place to crash for a night. Nothing fancy. One block from  116 station. Hay muchos lugares cercas para comer o cenar This is a SCAM. When we got there, Tony wouldnt answer our phone and we were literally standing on the streets. After which we get a message from him that he has been having personal issues since last week (we booked him on Friday that week). We went upto his place and half of his stuff was outside the door, and he said he is getting evicted from his apartment. The apartment was a mess, dog hair everywhere no place to stand. He was shivering and was jittery and looked like a mess himself, as if he is on drugs. He started blaming us for not understanding that he couldnt inform us about his situation before we booked him or before we flew in. I flew in from an interview and had another the next day and had no idea whether Id be able to find another room in manhattan at 11 pm. It was a very stressful experience and airbnb should vet who they allow to list their place here. Lo que está publicado no coincide nada con las habitación ( que no es habitación privada ya que es una sala de estar) con un montón de cosas amontonadas, eses fecales de perro por todos lados, ventanas abiertas y para el clima del lugar pff complicado, la zona hay mucho Homeless en la calles y el metro y la comunicación ni se diga nunca contesto hasta unas horas antes ni al equipo de AirBnB quien también súper mal ya que me pedían Candelaria y buscar una reserva de un día para el otro en NY y solo me apoyaban con un 10% adicional enserio en NY? muy mala experiencia en general arruinó los vacaciones. You get what you pay for and Tony is hospitable as hell! He is the worst. Tony did not answer his phone the whole day that we were arriving. There is not a specific adress to his place, only a streetname so we didn’t know where his place was. My girlfriend and I were stranded in Harlem, NY on the streets with all of our luggage for 2 hours because he did not answer his phone. He never picked up so we had to book a new place while we were stranded on the streets. HE IS THE WORST. DO NOT STAY AT HIS PLACE OR YOU WILL BE STRANDED! The host canceled this reservation 3 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	0
509	"  The ""sho‎ebox"" is just that, really small and suitable only for a single person not staying too long. There is no TV. The host, Karen, is pleasant, the apartment is clean and the location perfect for the Highline and Chelsea Market. And the big plus for a fourth-floor apartment: there is an elevator. Had a great stay at Karens apartment. It was clean, organized, comfortable and was a great size for one person. The location was perfect walking distance to many great places in Chelsea and the meatpacking district, not to mention very close to the High line. Would definitely stay again!  My late flight in and early departure were accommodated. The apartment was beautiful, clean, and in a great part of town. I am a light sleeper, so the street noise and wind rattling through the older windows was a little tough. Overall though, I had a really great stay! Would highly recommend.  Karen was a great hostess, I didnt meet her but she set up everything precisely.   I do recomend this place for singles or  couples.  The pictures shows exactly like this charming, I would say , small estudio , looks like. Pretty charming, cleaning and renewed. Much bigger than most of the rooms in NYs hotels.  The bathroom is tight but very clean but since I went to NY to spend most of the time out, its size didnt matter for me.  And besides that the neighborhood is perfect ! The street is quite and safe, walking distance to Meatpacking , the High Line is just few steps away and is full of art galleries , cafes, restaurants around .  I had a delightful stay in the ""shoebox"".   PS: Karen has good taste for art and furniture, loved the chairs ...;) Wonderful! Best location ever! Clean, comfortable and really flexible! Karens apartment is fantastic value for money- small but very well maintained, clean, tidy and in one of the best locations in NYC. From the first moment I reached out to Karen right through to check out, Karen was very responsive and did everything to accommodate me. I highly this apartment to anybody wishing to have a genuine and comfortable NYC experience.  Comfortable, convenient place.  Great stay, everything was easy. Lovely place in a great location! Karen was terrific, she was responsive and accomodating at all times. I was met by her friend and welcomed to the apt. which was extremely cute and had a wonderful view of the Empire State which made me feel at home. Brilliant to have an elevator and it is in a cool building in a great area close to the Highline. Thank you Karen. Amazing location, comfortable place and fast communication. Small, but good for two, little kitchen (but packed with all the necessary items), big table, nice bathroom.  Great little place. Super clean. Karen was a great communicator.  Great location  Karens stay was extremely economical and in a great area close to the chelsea and flatiron area. Great for comfortable business travel ! Easy communication.  The Shoebox has everything! Its right in the heart of Chelsea, a really short walk to restaurants, delis, bodegas, bars, the train... literally everything you need is no more than a 5 min. walk away. And you can see the Empire State Building from your window!  As far as the room, its New York-sized and has everything you need for your stay. I was here for a week on business and found it absolutely perfect for everything I was looking for. Bed very comfortable, desk nice and big to spread out, large refrigerator, comfy chairs, etc.   Mirek met me right on time for check-in and was so friendly and kind. He even stuck around to answer my many questions and by the end, felt like an old friend. Karen was great, as well: She checked in a few times before my travel day, once I was settled and just before checkout, to make sure I didnt need anything. My emails were answered lightning-fast and Karen was so nice!  As far as the surroundings, Im 35 and a single female, and never once did I feel the slightest bit awkward walking around, whether it was 3 pm or 3 am. Chelsea is a fantastic, friendly and clean place, long one of my favorites.   Couple things to remember: This IS New York, so even though youre on the fourth floor, you will hear the traffic (fire engines, construction, passersby) from your window. I left my window open to embrace all the neat sounds, but if you need complete silence during your stay... well, New York isnt the place for you in the first place!  There is no TV here. Karen *does* mention it very clearly in her description, but I thought I should throw it out there again.   I travel here fairly often for business and Ive yet to find a more affordable, clean, beautiful apartment thats so close to everything and close to work at the same time. Highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a genuine New York-Chelsea experience. You will NOT be disappointed! This studio was amazing. Close to the Highline and all public transportation and accessible to all the good restaurants. The host was amazing and was a great communicator. The place was clean, the bed comfortable and had everything I needed. The wifi was fast too. Will definitely stay there again! Also the studio is on such a pretty street.  The Shoebox was a pleasure! Right in the heart of Chelsea, affordable, and neat. Karen was a great communicator, anticipating our arrival and departure and giving clear instructions. Would definitely stay here again! I came to New York for my daughter’s graduation and I really enjoyed staying here. The studio is located in the Chelsea District and it was clean and had all the amenities I needed to for a comfortable stay. There are quite a few restaurants and shops all within a short walking distance. I also found the neighborhood at night to be quite and safe to walk in (There is a police station a block and a half up the street). Last but not least communicating with Karen was very easy. I would definitely stay here again.  Yeah, its a little small, but dont let that fool you. Great location steps from the High Line, Whitney and lots of great galleries and restaurants. I stayed by myself for a little over a week, and it was just perfect! 100% endorsement here. Karens place was awesome. Right next to so many great restaurants, Chelsea market, steps from the Highline, and an amazing little French cafe with the best almond chocolate croissant EVER. Walking distance from Meatball Shop, Amorino Gelato (the one that makes a gelato cone into the shape of a rose), and close to the 2 and E trains. The space itself is, as described, very tiny. That shouldnt really bother anyone though, and we found it to be more than enough space for my girlfriend and I. Check-in was super easy and communication was great. Elevator was a very welcome feature! Last thing Ill note is that the street this apartment is on is so, so beautiful. Right out of a NY movie set. Would love to stay here again! Karens place was so perfect. Its very small, but it doesnt feel cramped at all, and it is incredibly clean and nicely furnished. The neighborhood is a lovely street of brownstones, and the  location is fantastic, right in Chelsea a half block from an entrance to the High Line in one direction, a half block to a great French cafe in the other. The Whitney is a short walk along the High Line. Karens communication was fantastic - the smallest of repairs needed to be done while I was there, and even though it was no bother at all, she was very apologetic and went out of her way to make sure I was not inconvenienced in any way. I will keep my fingers crossed that her place will be available the next time I visit New York!!   petit studio adapté à une personne seule ou un couple qui veut un pied-à-terre à Manhattan dans un endroit tranquille assez proche de tout Équipements nécessaires et suffisants   jai beaucoup apprécié pour mon séjour seul dune semaine  Great stay. Unit is small as others mentioned but hey thats NYC and it has all that you need. Great location. Very walkable. High line entrance is 3 blks away.   Karen was highly responsive to our needs and questions.   Would stay again.  Karens apartment was a great Manhattan crash pad. Right by the amazing high line its in a great location and exactly as described. Mirek who greeted me had some good restaurant recommendations too: try Tressel on Tenth! Muy buena ubicación en una de las cuadras más lindas de Chelsea. Muy buenos anfitriones, el avión se demoró y Mirek nos esperó hasta las 11 pm con una sonrisa y buenas recomendaciones de restaurantes. Gracias!! Loved my stay at the Shoebox.  Everything is as described, and quite comfortable and personal.  Karens friend Mirek has a ton of great suggestions for the neighborhood, everything within five blocks.  Its super convenient location, but on a very quiet block and building.  Great place for someone on their own to stay. The shoebox was the perfect place to stay for my work trip! Karen was easy and so accommodating, especially as we arrived in New York in the early hours of the morning! The shoebox itself is clean and tidy, gives you everything you need. The bed was extremely comfortable. An amazing yoga studio is down the road which I used daily before working. There are great restaurants in walking distance.  I highly recommend the shoebox and would happily stay there again. Thank you Karen! The shoebox location was perfect for exploring the city, attending shows, being touristy but also walking through Chelsea to the Chelsea market, the Highline is not even a block away and feeling safe and not crowded (for NYC). The apartment is exactly as described in the pics and has everything you need. Check in was super easy with Karens friend Mirek. I stayed 3 nights and it felt like my home away from home in a matter of minutes. (One minor thing: takes a bit for hot water to the shower. This is very minor and should not deter anyone nor would deter me from returning- which I will.) Great stay, great apartment.  Nice place in a trendy area. In walking distance of most landmarks, but still comparatively quiet for Manhattan. Recommended. Karens place is small, but lovely. Its in an amazing location less than one block from the High Line and very close the Whitney and other galleries. The walls are a bit thin, so some noise traveled from neighbors, but I guess this is to be expected in NYC. The picture of the bathroom sink is a little deceiving, the sink is tiny and the faucet over-sized for such a small sink that makes it a bit awkward to use. There is also no full length mirror, for those who are wondering. Overall though, I enjoyed my stay in the shoebox because of how easy it was to get around and how close it was to so many amazing sites/places. Thanks, Karen! Apartment, location — just beautiful. Highly recommended. Cute and affordable apartment located close to the High Line. Our flight to NYC was delayed several hours, but Karen remained flexible and possitive despite our late arrival.  The apartment is quite small, as Karen clearly states in the description, but it should be sufficient for someone that just wants to spend a few days in NYC and use the apartment just to sleep and take a shower. I love tiny homes and Karens place is maybe the nicest Ive ever found through airbnb, perfectly formed with nice pictures and furniture in a quiet, classy neighbourhood full of great restaurants, a half hour walk from Midtown. Its places like this that make paying half as much again for a hotel room half as nice something I will never again do as long as I live. Long live airbnb, and long live Karens shoebox. This apartment was clean, located in a good area, and check-in/out was easy. Karen was a great communicator - clear and fast. The apartment had everything I needed including fast WiFi, iron, comfortable bed, air conditioning, desk to work at. For NYC, the apt was pretty quiet. The building has an elevator, although I used the stairs.  Close to Chelsea Market, the High Line, and many, many great Chelsea and West Village spots.  The place is really small, as advertised... but OK for solo/couple who do not plan on staying in for long stretches (no TV  as well) - but thats not something I wanted. Its a bit of walk to the subways - but not a problem for those in good health and lots to see along the way. Wonderful, cozy quarters on a quiet street in a great neighborhood.  Just a block from the High Line, with easy access to the subway and appealing restaurants. Karen accommodated my late arrival very graciously and responded to every message I sent her within minutes.  An excellent value for NYC. Great place for a solo visit, or for a couple who doesnt need much space.  The Shoebox is very clean and comfortable, and its location near the Highline and the Hudson River is perfect.  I felt very safe coming home late at night in the neighborhood and once inside the building.  I would probably stay again if I return to NYC. What you see is what you get! Location is really stellar and Karen couldnt have been more of a breeze to deal with. Highly recommended :) Great place to stay for visiting New York. The apartment is small but functional, and with a good location in a quiet neighborhood. Perfect place to stay, I walked everywhere and felt like home Cute little spot on a quiet block. Easy access to high line. This is a fabulous location. Everything is a few steps away.  The art work is a bonus. It makes you instantly feel at home. Great 4-night stay for work! The space is exactly as pictured and was clean. Bathroom is charming and in better condition than expected. A perfect apartment for a solo traveler who doesn’t need a ton of amenities. Easy check-in and communication with the host. Would definitely recommend or stay again! Bed is comfy. Host is responsive. The neighborhood is excellent; it’s quiet and close to great restaurants and galleries. The window does not close completely, I had to stuff the opening with extra pillow cases. There are no electrical outlets in the bathroom and not many in the main room, so bringing an extension cord would be wise. Overall a pleasant stay. very good stay at the shoe box Clean and comfortable. Think college dorm or size of a master bedroom. Convenient to everything. Tight shower space but good water pressure. Thanks for a great stay! Karens apartment is as shown in photos: comfortable, clean, located in a nice neighborhood and perfect for a short stay for one or two people. We had a special problem: the heating pipe rang made a strong noise while our stay every one or two hours, which didnt let us sleep at night. Karen was always attentive and predisposed to repair the problem with the building manager, but the problem was never solved while we were there. She reimbursed us $ 200 for a one-week stay as compensation for the problem that complicated the holidays. Beyond that, we appreciate your attention and your predisposition. Awesome location!! Close to the E train and SO many great restaurants within blocks of the apartment. Not to mention the High Line which is a mere few yards away. Small- but just what I needed for an extended business trip. Comfortable and efficient. Karen was always available if I had any questions- Thanks for a great stay!"	1
510	"Chloe foi muito prestativa durante toda a viagem. Embora não tenhamos a encontrado pessoalmente - ela não estava na cidade - esteve sempre à disposição por telefone ou pela internet e ainda nos indicou uma amiga na cidade para nos ajudar - que também foi bastante amistosa e prestativa.    O apartamento é maior do que eu esperava, muito bem iluminado, bem decorado e bonito. Tem uma sala e um quarto. De qualquer modo, éramos três e ficamos bem acomodados.    O Upper West Side nessa região é bem tranquilo, sem muitos barulhos, e há um bom mercado uma boa mercearia bem próximos. Para quem desejar comer fora, há bons restaurantes a cerca de dois quarteirões. O metrô também não fica longe, e pode-se pegar o expresso para midtown e downtown atravessando menos de três ruas. O trem local fica mais ou menos à mesma distância.    O Central Park é bem próximo e uma tarde caminhamos até o Museu de História Natural. Não é perto, mas é uma caminhada agradável de uns dez a quinze minutos. This is a wonderful and spacious apartment in a great location on the Upper West Side, surprisingly quiet for being in such a busy neighborhood.  Very clean.  Chloe arranged for us to check in at noon which was great for our schedule.  beds very comfortable.  We had perfect weather, but be aware there is a fan but no A/C in bedroom (there is in living/dining room).  Would most definitely come back again! My friend and I had a pleasant experience in the apartment. The place was exactly like the pictures shown on the website. Chloe kept the place tidy and clean. Since the kitchen is kosher, she was thoughtful and kindly provided us with paper plates and plastic utensils (though we didnt end up cooking anything.)     Chloe was also very helpful and responsive via email and text. When we needed a blowdryer and steamer, she let us borrow them. Prior to the stay, we also chatted on the phone where she gave instructions on the apartment, which was also followed up with a detailed email.     In terms of the location of the apartment, it was conveniently located near all the shops, restaurants, and the train station. It was a nice and safe neighborhood and was in walkable distance to Central Park.     Overall, the apartment is great and Chloe provided a good service. I recommend anyone to stay there in the future.      Nice apartment !  Good neighborhood with restaurants and subway nearby. Lovely large building across the street with no windows that makes for lots of privacy. Comfortable living room and bed with nice linens and towels. Air conditioner works well.  A more timely rendezvous with point person would have been better (hour and half wait with no word). Little better cleaning job would go a long way: kitchen towels, bath mat, water filter, new unopened bar of soap, clean out refrigerator. Besides that, great place to stay. Nice neighbors. I was visiting NYC with my Dad for my daughters return to Columbia University. Chloe, hostess, used the home as her personal space. She had strict household rules which included not using any utensils (box of plastic ones provided) and 2 pots only due to her Kosher kitchen. This wasnt an issue since we didnt cook there. However, along with these rules she also had several other obsessive rules such as not sleeping on her couch only using the sleeper. She requires an early check out max 9am which wasnt noted on site (stated flexible checkout) with mandatory in person check out for her to double check her place. She texted me stating that her check out is required in person since it ""isnt a hotel"".  As a real estate broker, I felt Chloe using her personal space is too much for her. I have rented many places from Airbnb. This is the first negative experience. It was too intense of a communication for a place you are paying for that should be enjoyable.  Fantastic apartment, as described, super clean, great light, excellent Upper West Side location, steps to the 2/3 express subway, steps to grocery stores, restaurants, gym, Central Park.  Chloe was very pleasant and super easy to communicate with.  Responds fast to request and to questions. la descripción del departamento era exacta. las fotografías fueron  tal cual es el lugar. Muy limpio y todo funcionaba . La ubicación fue genial , muy cómoda y el barrio muy seguro    Its my first experience with airbnb and was excellent. Everything in the apartament was according with the pictures and comments. Chloe is an excellent host, available to any doubts. The apartament is in a excelent ubication, in a quiet neighborhood with grocerys, pharmacies and metro station in less 2 square blocks.   A great experience ! I recommend it"	0
511	"Great experience! Danielle was always available if I had a question and her place was very clean and in a convienent location. Would definitely stay here again.  Fairly nice one bedroom apartment. The wifi stopped working at one point but was soon fixed after reconnecting the modem. My friend and I thought it was closer to downtown Brooklyn/ Williamsburg which was a bit of a let down. Neighbourhood did not have much to offer and so the subway was very necessary  (which was close). The cleanliness of the apartment could have been improved as well (vacuum hair off the floor).  The apartment was very clean and cozy. The neighbors for the most part were friendly.  The nature of my trip required me to be out of the apartment more than I was in it so keep that in mind. Also keep in mind that I didnt really use the apartment except to get ready in the morning and go to sleep at night.   With all that said, all in all, it was a decent stay.  Ill start with the ""could have done better part"" and then the ""what was good"" part.  First, the apartment could definitely have been a little cleaner. Some of the dishes were a little dirty and the top bed sheet has some big stains on it. The floor could also have used a fresh mopping. A couple other little things that arent worth mentioning as well. Second, the water did not come out clear in the sink. When you fill your cup up, I couldnt see the bottom of it. PSA: If this ever happens to you anywhere you can purify the water by boiling it first!  This is what I did. I would boil it and then throw the kettle in the fridge.   Now on to the good stuff.  First, Danielle was incredibly nice and a great host.  During my stay, my girlfriend forgot her wallet back where we lived, so we had some people overnight ship it to The place we were staying at. I told Danielle and she made sure we got the package and that everything was fine. Her house rules are sound and make sense. Nothing bad at all.  The neighborhood was fairly nice. Its around the corner from the C train which is great.   All in all I would say that this apartment has a lot of potential!  The apartment as a whole isnt bad. Its really just the little, aesthetic stuff that needs tweaking that could turn this AirBnB from a good one to a great one.  But overall, my stay at Danielles got the job done. I needed a place to stay while my girlfriend and I checked the city out. We really just needed a place to get ready in the morning and sleep at night, and Danielles place was a good option.  I really enjoyed my stay at the apartment! The location was good and close to the c train. Overall, I think that I made the right decision with this apartment. The apartment was cosy and clean. Would stay there again. The appartement is very close to the rockaway station (Line C), the neighbourhood is fine for those who want to discover the real Brooklyn.  I enjoyed my stay there. I would recommend this apartment; and I would stay there again. Booking was very quick ; overall it was a good experience     Thank you clean apartment. Easy flexible checkin. near the c train on the subway. no more than 20 Mins to Manhattan. Lots of street parking. Easy drive to Williamsburg or the Rockaways. La casa è lontana da Manhattan, 30 minuti con la metro ( in 10 minuti a piedi si raggiunge).  La casa è in discrete condizioni, la pulizia lasciava a desiderare, anche le lenzuola e gli asciugamani.  Prezzo troppo elevato rispetto alla qualità offerta.  La comunicazione con Danielle è stata sempre ottima e veloce.  Spero che prenda in considerazione i miei suggerimenti.  The communication was great, even if I had to rearrange my trip on very short notice. The place is as described with loads of space. Really enjoyed our stay.  The ac was key when there was a bit of an autumn heat flash one night there!  Danielle was very responsive to our questions as they came up.  If Manhattan is the center of your nyc trip then this is a bit far out but other than that the place was nice and felt cozier every day. It was okay! Its a nice place close to subway  Danielle was a great hostess. This was my first time booking an airbnb although I joined in 2015. The process was seamless and very easy. I had to modify the trip days before checking in and Danielle was very understanding accommodating. The apartment was small and cozy. The neighborhood was quiet and the train station was less than 10 minutes away and was a short ride to the city.  I would suggest her place to friends and family visiting Brooklyn and I would certainly stay there again. Staying at this place was okay, it was close to transit and warm. However, overall quality of house is bit expensive than what you will see. Furnitures are pretty old and chairs were almost broken in the first place. I could see a lot of dusts and could hear mice running around in the ceiling. I was not able to close some windows and cold air came in, though curtain blocked that cold air. It is near by subway and grocery store , but it is not clean apt , isn t fully equipped bath tool , so i mean it is so expensive cost in comparison.  Great bang for your buck! Easy to get to anywhere you need to go! I did not meet Danielle but check in was easy. Danielles place is fairly close to the J, C and L train and about 30-35 minutes away from the city. Danielle had most of the amenities needed and if youre going to be in and out and need a place for rest, I would recommend Danielles place.  The pluses: The apartment is within 3 or 4 blocks of Rockaway station on Line C which is about a 40 minute ride into Manhattan. Also close by to the LIRR station. I left after dark and so took Uber, but during the day you could probably walk to the East NY LIRR station.  The bed is super comfy! While I didnt use it, there is a full kitchen with oven, stove top, microwave and fridge. Also a TV. What is pictured is what you get. Very accurate! The wifi was great too. I really appreciated Danielles flexibility with check-in! That was a great relief to me upon arrival.  The cons: The neighborhood isnt the best. The unit is on the first floor right next to the entrance to the building so you hear ALL the sounds of people leaving, opening and closing the front door. You can also hear every footstep of the neighbor upstairs. Which is fine, all of this is part of apartment living....until the upstairs neighbor starts dragging something (furniture?) across the floor at 3am!  Also across from a school. Be aware of more noises during the weekday mornings.  Overall good deal for the price! Danielle s place is a great deal if your trip is centered in Brooklyn.  Its a quick walk to the C train.  Apartment has great lighting and a very comfortable bed. Wobbly legs on kitchen chairs need repair and sitting room couch is not comfortable.  While the place is not in the city its a quick ride to. The outside is alittle off putting but was a pretty safe neighborhood even walking back at 4 in the morning. If you plan to spend most of your time in the city and just need a good place to sleep, then you cant really go wrong here Bonsoir , Pour commencer lhôte Danielle est super gentille , elle est très a lécoute. Concernant lappartement: la wifi na jamais fonctionné , leau chaude ne marchais pas toujours , et leau est très trouble (calcaire) , je vous conseille de vous acheter de leau pour préparer a manger. Ce logement est aussi très bruyant (voisin , circulation , chiens).  the house was okay but was house not very clean Great medium sized Brooklyn apartment. Has everything you need. Comfortable bed, small eat-in kitchen, cable TV and high speed (65mbps) internet. Neighborhood looks a little off putting at first, but the proximity to the school makes it pretty safe and well patrolled by super friendly NYPD. Had no issues with safety, even walking to and from subway at 4am.  Danielle is great at communication! No matter the time, she got back to me quickly with a solution to any problem I had.  The place was very clean, and had everything I needed to have a great trip!   Great place to stay  I wish I could say better things about my stay at Danielles place but unfortunately it was terrible. Very unclean, stained towels and bedding. Nothing smelled fresh/clean. Stains on the couch, kitchen was not clean either, the sink had something white in it all over the basin, had to rinse it away.  Description states that kitchen would have refreshments which isnt true (it doesnt bother me that there wasnt any but it should not be in the description). The night I arrived there was no hot water, it only started working the next day. The wifi did not work during my entire stay. Bathroom was not very clean. The toilet paper was damp. Apartment was extremely hot in the night. There was a lot of noise in the mornings from neighbors.  Danielle also did not contact me until the day before my check in. I had messaged her when I booked and asked about parking, received no reply. I messaged her again the day before check in, didnt hear until I had eventually called AirBnb to resolve issue. She messaged me during my conversation with AirBnb and we arranged check in.   Check in and check out was no hassle. I just wish the place had been better taken care of so I could leave a positive review. This was a really good experience! Would recommend!!  The place was great for what I was looking for. Close to train, and easy getting into the city. Not a lot of eating options in the neighborhood. Had a few issues that Danielle was very quick to respond and fix. Overall the place was fine and would consider staying here again if back in the area. Will definitely rent from Danielle again! Place was as advertised and not much assistance needed during my stay. Everything was wonderful! Great place, I recommend it.  The place was just as we expected. Needed a economical place for a short stay. We did struggle with finding adequate power points through the place, but nevertheless, the place was comfortable. Danielle’s place was very nice and clean, even left me my own toothbrush. It was close to the subway so easy access to the city. Check in time was very flexible which I really appreciated. The only downside is the check out time, my flight didn’t leave until 8pm but I had to be out of the apartment by 11am no exceptions so I had to head to the airport much earlier than planned instead of having more time in the city. Plan your flights accordingly or pack light! The good stuff:  Its affordable for Brooklyn, its roomy, the wifi is good, the bed is comfortable and its walking distance to the subway (Rockway and Broadway Junction) and other parts of Brooklyn. I walked to Brooklyn Museum and it took about 45min.  The bad stuff: Theres a leak in the ceiling in the dining room where plaster is hanging down and crumbling on to the floor. One night I woke up to water dripping through. The area felt safe enough, but there was a bit of noise and arguing i heard from neighbours at night. There was also no coffee or means of lighting the stove. Danielle is easy to get a hold of and has toiletries available in case youve forgotten something basic.  Its semi-walkable neighborhood - as it says easy access to public transit. Apartment is straightforward - I mostly needed a place to sleep and shower and it served my needs well. Quick responses, easy check in, very close to subway. The location was a little bit farther from midtown area than we thought but worked out with the place being so close to the train. Danielle was very helpful and welcomed me with open arms into her space Great spot.  Super close to public transportation. Really great if youre visiting the bed-stuy area My fiancee and I had a great stay at Danielles. I would recommend to anyone looking for a place in Brooklyn or NYC in general. Pretty easy to get around from this location and theres free parking right outside the place as well."	0
512	Laccoglienza è stata ok.  Lappartamento è in una posizione ottima, sia per la metro, sia per il quartiere, pieno di locali (soprattutto per chi ama il Jazz) davvero interessanti (100 mt dal blue note).  Come dimensioni, essendo NY, ma soprattutto manhattan direi che è adatto per max 2 persone.  (giovani / coppie senza figli)  Lunico vero problema dellappartamento, sta nellimpossibilità di regolare il riscaldamento, non tanto per le 2 stanze in se ma soprattutto nel letto matrimoniale a soppalco, dove si concentra tutto il caldo.  Abbiamo soggiornato a fine novembre e, anche tenendo le finestre aperte il caldo, era davvero molto alto.    Probabilmente soggiornando in un periodo differente (con riscaldamento spento) no avremmo avuto problemi.    per il resto, bagno e stanze pulite, tutto il necessario era presente (lenzuola, asciugamani etc etc) The reservation was canceled 16 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Very good and central location.  It is minutes walk from Washington Square, Greenwich Village theaters, shops and subway stations.  The place  is well equipped. We enjoyed our stay.     Two issues to consider:   1. It is a tiny apartment. Suitable for one small person. The two of us needed to coordinate our movements to maneuver around. Sleeping is on a full size, ladder accessible, raised bed.      2. The street below is very noisy 24 hours a day. There are coffee shop, restaurants, comedy club, all under the apartment window.    Great location. Unfortunately there were some problems. These were made worse because the host was in Italy and was unavailable. Im willing to give her the benefit of the doubt, because she was having health issues and was in the hospital and it was difficult for her to communicate. First of all, the bedding was inadequate. There was only a mattress cover and a small 4x5 blanket that didnt cover  me at all. I had to add a couple of towels and everything kept getting tangled. Quite uncomfortable. The Internet didnt work, even though it was advertised. She tried contacting the provider from the hospital, but I  only finally got Internet 5 minutes before I  left. To be in NY without Internet is about the worst inconvenience. The loft bed is a very good use of space but being nimble is a requirement. Otherwise the apartment is workable but without much character. Nice little apartment right next to Washington Square Park.  We had a train station about a block from the apartment which made traveling around the city very easy.  The apartment worked out fine for us since there were only 2 of us.  There was a small sitting area/kitchen right when you enter and the bed is up a ladder in the next room.  While we were there it was very hot and we used the ac so we were not able to hear the noises from outside.  Its a college area so people can be a bit rowdy outside but it didnt bother us. Marina was very helpful and able to connect me with the person handling the  keys to the apartment and once there it was an easy process for checking in and out of the place. Abbiamo soggiornato a casa di Marina dal 16 al 24 maggio ed è stato tutto perfetto. La posizione della casa e perfetta per chi vuole vivere come un newyorkese! La metropolitana e proprio vicina e consente benissimo ogni spostamento e il quartiere in se e vivo e pieno di locali e ristoranti! Marina e stata unottima padrona di casa molto disponibile e preziosa in alcuni consigli! Tutto fantastico! Lappartamento e piccolino ma confortevole perfetto per 2 persone! Consigliatissimo!  This was a great place right in the heart of Greenwich Village.  It is a perfect place to base yourself from if you are wanting to see NYC.  Great food near by, easy access to the subways.  Wonderful all around.   El departamento de Marina esta muy bien ubicado.  Es exactamente como se ve en las fotos, pequeño pero suficiente .  La ducha es excelente. La cama muy cómoda. Anthony que nos recibió, siempre muy amable y facil de ubicar.  La zona un poco ruidosa por la noche los fines de semana.  Rodeada de buenos lugares para comer o tomar algo.  Todo estuvo perfecto. We were greeted on time to this clean apt. The location is great in the heart of Greenwich village and next to Washington square park & NYU for a weekend trip. It is a nice small place and in a great location.  I got confused with my booking days but she was so easy going. Thanks.  Appartement super bien situe, petit mais charmant. Nous n avons malheureusement pas vu Marina qui était a létranger mais elle avait tout prevu pour notre arrivee Son ami Anthony nous attendait meme si au lieu de 18h nous sommes arrives a l appartement apres 21 h   Apparetemnt super pour decouvrir NYC a 30 minutes a pied de Time Square ou de Wall Street, idéal pour un premier sejour    Marinas place was better than shown on the pictures. It was cozy and clean. Marina was very fast at responding to our questions. Although she was out of town during our stay, she had someone to take care of us and he was very friendly and helpful. The location was awesome, it is close to the subway, and there are lots of shops and good restaurants right downstairs. It could be noisy at night. I am a very light sleeper but I was so tired from all the sightseeing that the noise didnt really bother me anymore. La mia esperienza è stata perfetta un appartamento molto accogliente,pulito e situato in una zona fantastica di Manhattan e vicino a molte stazioni della metro , Marina è stata un ottima padrona di casa mi ha dato tutte le informazioni appena arrivato ed è sempre stata disponibile anche a distanza e a disposizione per il check-in e check-out, consiglio vivamente questo alloggio  Awsome place very cool Great communication, great location, cozy and nice place.   I loved this place.  So central to everything !   Clean and bright.     Very busy neighborhood.     Lappartamento è situato in una zona strategica per visitare i principali punti dinteresse e la metro è molto vicina. La zona è universitaria e piena di locali/ristoranti che però causano rumore fino a tarda notte/mattina. Linterno è ben organizzato ma più piccolo delle aspettative, adatto ad una persona o al massimo una coppia intima per un breve periodo. Il wifi sempre operativo. Check in ed out tutto ok come la comunicazione prima e durante io soggiorno. Marina was warm and friendly. The space was clean and in a great location! Appartamento abbastanza intimo, massimo per una coppia, ma in una posizione fantastica sia per i mezzi pubblici sia per muoversi a piedi. La zona è universitaria e con molti locali sotto casa, quindi non particolarmente silenziosa, ma le finestre sono decisamente insonorizzanti e abbiamo dormito senza fastidi. Marina molto gentile e disponibile nonostante un malinteso (colpa mia!) sul check-in. Assolutamente consigliato per una coppia che vuole visitare New York o per chi ha necessità lavorative. we really had a great stay in nyc. the appartment is so well located and marina gave really good tips about what to do around. she was really friendly and nice. The location was great and Marina was very responsive and helpful while having a bit of trouble retrieving the apartment keys.  With that said, I was thoroughly disappointed in the cleanliness of the apartment.  Although the apartments profile said we could check in anytime between 9am and 9pm, I was told a few days before arrival that we would be unable to check in until after 2pm because of the ‘cleaning service’ that needed to be completed.  When we finally got access to the apartment, it did not looked cleaned at all.  The two main issues were the bathroom and the bedroom.  The shower had hair on the walls and the bath towels were stained and did not smell fresh.  There was also a laundry hamper full of dirty clothes sitting right next to the toilet, so you had to sit and smell the dirty laundry while using the restroom.  For the bedroom, the mattress was extremely uncomfortable and you could feel every single metal spring inside of the mattress.  The bedding was also stained and there was only a fitted sheet and a down-filled comforter that did not cover two people laying in the bed.  There was no flat sheet.  The bedding looked and smelled very old.  I would not book this apartment again.   Fantastisk beliggenhed og dejlig ren og velduftende lejlighed! Marina var super nem at komme i kontakt med. Dog en anelse skuffende at der hverken var toiletpapir eller dyner nok til to gæster. Adgang til lejlighed besværlig ved ankomst, da vi ikke havde kort til hoveddøren og derfor måtte vente på at en anden beboer tilfældigvis kom forbi og var sød at lukke os med ind i opgangen. Ho soggiornato per la seconda volta in questo fantastico appartamento in stile Manhattan, si trova in una bellissima zona di New York centralissima e vicino a tante stazioni metro e locali alla moda. Marina è sempre molto disponibile ed è stato sempre facile comunicare con lei	0
513	Mary and Jeff were the perfect hosts! I stayed with them for two weeks and they were both very warm and welcoming from the get go. The room is nicer than any hotel Ive stayed in New York. And the apartment is in a gem of a neighborhood with lots of great restaurants, cafes, and parks nearby for running, biking, or just strolling around. I was hesitant at first to stay uptown because of the commute, but the 1 and A trains make getting into the city perfectly convenient. If youre looking for a safe haven from the congested urban New York scene, I would highly recommend this place…a wonderful sanctuary after a long day/night out on the town! This apartment is as described, is very close to the subway and in a safe area. The bedroom is large and the bed comfortable. We enjoyed our stay there, both hostess and host were very helpful, interesting  and thoughtful. Mary can tell you everything about what to do and how to get there in New York, she  is a wiz on the computer.  Mary and her husband are perfect hosts. Gave me full privacy but on the other hand wonderful people to have conversations with about New York, politics, art or whatever. Also very knowledgeable and helpful about New York and what the city can offer.    The extra bedroom they are renting through airbnb is bigger and more comfortable than most hotel rooms.    The location is also very good, though originally I went there out of shear curiosity: I had never been that far up north on Manhattan. A-train connection to mid- and downtown is 24/7 quick and easy. Plus the Inwood area itself seems to be a great mixture of uptown intellectuals and latino workers mingling with each other.     Indian Road Cafe (recommended by my hosts) is nearby. Its magnificent place to have breakfast and especially weekend brunch.   Mary and Geoff are just terrific, the apartment has that great NYC pre-war charm, its a garden level apartment accessed through the huge beautiful inner courtyard, very quiet, only a couple of stairs to get to the courtyard.  the room was extremely large and clean, the bed was very comfortable, the wifi flawless., the bathroom and kitchen very clean.   Mary was extremely helpful with info; I was up there looking at apartments and she gave me contact info and great advice.  Very convenient location, subway is right around the corner (A train, Dyckman St stop), deli right on the corner for those immediate Diet Coke cravings, good pizza around the corner, decent larger food market around the corner and across the street.  Restaurants near by.  Also easy to just hop on A train and get downtown.  Easy to get to and from JFK via the A train to the Airtrain.  Very sweet, generous hosts, easygoing and fun to talk to.  Highly recommend.   My husband and I spent a week  in NYC hosted by Mary B in a private BR in her apartment.  The apartments are very attractive with a gate and a beautiful courtyard. Mary B.s apartment is a ground level apartment.  We found the accommodations comfortable and attractive with plenty of closet and drawer space and we had kitchen privileges which we used occasionally.  We were treated  warmly and made to feel comfortable.  We found the apartment well located for our purposes with restaurants, parks and other attractions nearby.  We would certainly recommend these accommodations to anyone who would like a well located room and bath at a reasonable price in NYC..    Highly recommended (except when I need a place to stay in NYC).  Gracious, hospitable hosts.  Entrance to their apartment is set off from the street by a large, lovely courtyard.  The guests room is spacious, well appointed, quiet.  And your walk to the A train will take about a minute.      Mary & Geoff were amazing in all aspect of the hosting experience, The place itself is well maintained and clean especially considering this is a pre-war building. It was properly attired with everything needed. Great Bed.    Its on the north side of the city so going to downtown is about 30-40min fast for NYC standard. Also their knowledge of NYC was very useful in many ways. We definitely enjoyed our and would recommend them as great host. My husband spent 3 nights at Mary and Geoff s home. He told me they are the best host and place which he stayed in Manhattan area!  And he will stay there when he visit NY in the further.  I was welcomed by Mary and Percy, the cute dog, who is part of the family. Later I met Jeff, Marys husband.  The room is big, great bed, desk, good space in the closet, apt is on the main floor you just step out in the beautiful courtyard, My room was at the back of the apt, so it was quiet, slept very well.  The apt is very well taken of, clean. Subway A is around the corner, the neighborhood is safe, and also the great park is just steps away.  Mary and Jeff were great hosts, welcoming, warm, easy-going and caring, asking if i was Ok, sharing food with me and Percy is a nice dog to have around.  I have to be in NYC in 2 weeks, so I booked with Mary and Jeff again.   Mary and jeff are such a cool guys  ull probably enjoy staying with them they look out for u and help u out. The place is located in a pretty nice area .    Totally recommend! Its was perfect, cozy and in the city. Very clean room and comfortable bed. Great hosts.  I will definitely book again. Loved to be at Marys and Jeffs home again, same welcoming atmosphere as the 1st time, great room, good bed and good food when they invited me for dinner. Neigborhood feels safe, lots of people on the street late at night. When I walked in the door of Mary and Geoffs apartment and felt the warmth of their home I knew instantly that I had made a good choice. They are among the nicest and most cosmopolitan couples I have ever met. It was more like staying with friends than visiting strangers. And lets not forget Percy their dog, so cut and friendly! Thank you Mary and Geoff for a most wonderful week staying with you. Mary and Geoff were great, the room was big and the bed was awesome, hard to get out of it in the morning. Percy is the cutest dog and likes people. Host were friendly and welcoming. Definitely will book again in my next visit. Mary and Geoff made my stay very pleasant - they treated me like a friend which made me immediately feeling at home.  The apartment is ideally located - pretty calm but close to all you need - from restaurants, the subway, the cloisters park, the Hudson River and plenty of stores.  The apartment is clean and nicely decorated with an old wooden parquet floor in a pre-war brick stone building with a nice quiet court separated from the street by an old cast iron gate.  Percy the lovely small dog is nice, handsome and quiet and makes the family complete.  I really can recommend Marys and Geoffs place.  I received a warm welcome from Mary and Geoff.  They respected my need to take a quick nap after an all night flight. The space/room was as advertised.  Great location for my needs. I had the apartment to myself for most of the four night stay, so did not have any more personal interaction after the first day.  I hope to stay here again on my next trip to New York. Mary is a great host. Clear communications, responsive and always with a smiling face. Her husband was very kind and we caught up whenever we crossed paths early mornings. Both of them work very hard and at the same time makes sure they do everything possible to make you feel at home. The room was cozy with lot of space. Great computer table to set up your laptop/ipad/iPhone. Quite.     they have a real cute dog who is so loving.  The stay with Mary and Jeff was amazing. They are great people. The location is great, 3 mins from A line and the backyard of their house is lovely.  They are well traveled and open minded people, the time spent with them is one of the highlights during my visit in NYC. I appreciate the breakfast with them and we got to know each other. Their dog Percy is adorable, so go for a kiss from Percy! And one thing to mention, the bed in guest room is heavenly comfortable that I had hard time getting myself out of it.  Mary and Geoff were great hosts to my four days in NY.  I spent 2 nights alone and then was joined by my daughter for the last 2 nights.  Very nice location, safe, secure, and attractive! The A train is fast and easy to get to mid and lower Manhattan.   The bedroom is large and bed is very comfortable!   Plenty of space, wifi, use of bathroom and kitchen worked well.  We were welcomed to come and go as we please.  This was a very good Air B & B experience and one I recommend.    Thanks for helping us have a nice visit to the city.  Mary and Geoff are friendly and gracious.   I felt like a welcome guest in their home. They went the extra mile helping me get items returned to my family members in the area.  Percy (jack russell) is friendly and well mannered.   I love the neighborhood. As a solo female, I felt perfectly comfortable returning to the apt. after a night at the theater.   Wonderful hosts, very welcoming and accommodating. Had great discussions with them, learned a lot about New York life. Planning to stay at their Costa Rica Casa in the near future with the whole family. Mary and Geoff were super fantastic! They were very helpful with directions and suggestions about places to shop and sights to see. Their apartment is a great older building with lots of character. The room is large and the bed is very comfortable! There are some great parks nearby. I would recommend their place for anyone who would like some nature to go with their Manhattan experience. Two thumbs up! Mary and Geoff are GREAT hosts.  They took me in on short notice and let me stay at their place for 10 days while I waited for my new apartment to be available.  I had just moved to the city to start a new job so it was great to have a nice, quiet place to come home to and a very comfortable bed to sleep in.  They cooked me dinner on my first night which was great, and I even had the place all to myself during labor day weekend.  The neighborhood is very unique, especially for Manhattan.  Its hilly with lots of nice parks around.  The A train is a 2 minute walk away and will get you to lower Manhattan in 40 minutes.  Id recommend this place to anyone!   My sister and me had such a great time in New York! Special thanks to Mary, Geoff and their cute small dog! They made us feel so welcome from the first moment when we arrived.  All the time, they were very friendly and helpful! They gave us a lot of good suggestions and information about different sights and places to see in NYC.    The appartement is very close to the subway and it is just five minutes to walk to starbucks and everything else you need, like supermarkets, restaurants and bars :)    It´s also very easy to take the subway if you like to go Midtown or Downtown.     The apartment is a wonderful place to stay. The room is large, clean and has a very comfortable bed!!! It was such a great place to relax after our long touristic days. The neighbourbood is very quiet, safe and has a great atmosphere!    Dear Mary and Geoff, next time when we will visit New York, we are looking forward to see you again :)   Bonjour cétait notre première expérience airbnb et cela cest très bien passé. Mary and Geoff nous on très bien accueilli et nous garderons un excellent souvenir de notre séjour à NY Staying with Geof & Mary was great, relaxt and surprising. The room (the house) is beautiful, clean and has a great comfy bed. The house is a five minutes walk to the subway (A-train) which is a 30/40 minutes to Times Square. Also their neighbourhood is nice, quiet and green. With a nice place for breakfast (Parkview) around the corner. Geof and Mary are very charming and pleasant people with also a good sense of humor. It felt almost as we were staying with friends (although thats strange because it is a deal). They give us some good local tips. Last but not least we enjoyed being around their sweet little dog Percy. When we are going back to NY we definately hope they will have room for us. Mary and Geoff are gorgeous! They gave us tips where to go, what to see, whenever we had a question they helped us! those few days we spent with them, it felt as if we were home...the atmosphere was pleasant and relaxed, as they explained just like room mates! also the area where they live is great. it only takes 2 min to get to the subway. you can easily find a bar or resraurant in this area and there is a supermarket really close to their place. to sum this up, i can only recommend  you to stay at their place! we had an amazing time. I was pleasantly surprised, I was expecting a great welcome, but you never know before you actually arrive. I must say that everything was absolutely perfect: large room, nicely decorated, very clean house. Mary and Geoff are very welcoming, and very discrete too. The neighborhood is very quiet and its really well connected. Highly recommended.   This was our 1st time using AirBnB. It couldnt have turned out better. We were familiar with the neighborhood. Thats why we wanted to stay at this property. Mary and Geoff were (are) fine hosts. They are easygoing, friendly, welcoming and, since we arrived at just the right time, strudelistic as well. Everything was just as they advertised with a very nice, comfortable room in a great apartment within a well kept apartment complex. Thanks Mary & Geoff. You made it a fun experience for us.  L & S  You will not meet people nicer or more accommodating than Mary and Geoff.   I was in town for a wedding, and my schedule changed constantly up until the morning of my arrival (impacting the time we had initially scheduled for me to check in and pick up my apartment key).  Mary and Geoff were understanding throughout all the changes, and when I (finally) arrived, they went out of their way to make sure I was settled and comfortable-Mary even arranged for a car service to pick me up the next morning and take me to the airport.  The guest room was perfect-large and spacious and very comfortable.  The apartment was conveniently located two blocks from the subway-very easy to get to.  Definitely stay here if you are looking for a place in the area. Mary and Geoff are gracious, friendly and personable hosts who offered great advice and tips for getting around town and more. The room is really large as is their apt especially for NYC and its located easily off the A or 1 train, literally around the corner from the A and I feel safe here at all hours. So thankful to have found this spot and lovely couple who welcomed me with a delicious dinner my first night.  I had a very comfortable 10 day stay at Mary and Geoffs apartment. The room was exactly as described - clean, quiet, spacious and cozy. The apartment is located in a well maintained building in a safe neighborhood, very close to the subway station, restaurants and supermarkets. Mary and Geoff are excellent hosts who ensured I felt at home at all times. They provided me with important information and insights about the city and also cooked a delicious meal on my last day. I would definitely choose this place again whenever I return to New York and would highly recommend it.   This was my third stay with Mary and Geoff. I felt like I was visiting relatives. Mary and Geoff and very accommodating, warm and welcoming to both me and my 7 year old granddaughter.  The location  of their home is convenient to the 1 and A train.  Everything you need is close by: Starbucks, grocery store, restaurants including a new sushi place.     Geoff and Mary were super cool! Very hospitable and helpful with places to check out in the neighborhood. The room was amazing and so comfortable. Theyre a really neat couple and wed definitely stay them again. Percy is their dog and shes so cute!!  Mary and Geoff are two of the loveliest and most cosmopolitan people you are likely to ever know. They are so friendly and helpful, and they are genuinely interested and interesting. I always come away from a stay with them feeling like I was visiting friends, not strangers. And you will love Percy, too. She is the cutest dog. And I should mention that their apartment is charming, clean and quiet, and the bed is super comfy. Mary and Geoff are such gracious hosts. Everything was just perfect and we loved our stay. We so appreciate the hospitality. Thanks so much!! Great experience, Host were were friendly n caring It was wonderful my first experience in Airbnb. Mary and Geoff are very hospitable, friendly and helpful people. The room is perfect ( clean and quiet). The localization is also perfect ( very close to Train A, supermarkets and restaurants). In summary I will come back and of course I will stay in their home again! Mary, Geoff and Percy are great owners! It was a pleasure to stay with them. The flat is beautiful, clean, comfortable, cozy. It even looks better than on photos. There are a lot of nice things at the flat. The subway station near the building. And I may recommend to go the Cloisters museum. Its the branch of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, and its near too. Mary and Geoff, thank you very much! Mary and Geoff are great hosts, helpful, friendly and respecting your privacy. The room is very cosy and clean. Nice neighborhood, close to express A train. Everything you need is there. If Im in NY again, Id definitely like to stay in the same place :) I booked this room for a dear colleague visiting New York from Dublin and our experience was fabulous!  Mary and Geoff gave us a very helpful written orientation prior to our arrival and made us feel welcome.  Their little dog was adorable!  Geoff helped with transportation questions and Mary filled us in on the neighborhood, which is lively and multi-cultural.  Their apartment is off a private courtyard, just as pictured. The apartment is large and quiet with an air conditioner in the guest room and we couldnt have asked for more -- I definitely would book with them again! Ive spent almost 1 month at Mary and Geoffs apartment and Ive have a great experience. They are super hostesses, so helpful, respectful and easygoing people. The apartment is perfect: huge, silent and dark bedroom with a strong air conditioner; super shower in the bathroom; full access to their kitchen. Privacy and long-good rests for sure! Besides that, the apartment access is easy (first floor) and the metro station is located at the same block, many good bars and restaurants around that makes easier to come back home alone late at night. Of course I cant forget their lovely little dog, Percy, so happy, smart, quiet and clean. Im a dog friendly person and I guarantee: shes adorable!! Thus, Im so thankful for Mary, Geoff and Percy for this great summertime vacation and perfect Airbnbs first experience. Ive spent almost 1 month at Mary and Geoffs apartment and Ive have a great experience. They are super hostesses, so helpful, respectful and easygoing people. The apartment is perfect: huge, silent and dark bedroom with a strong air conditioner; super shower in the bathroom; full access to their kitchen. Privacy and long-good rests for sure! Besides that, the apartment access is easy (first floor) and the metro station is located at the same block, many good bars and restaurants around that makes easier to come back home alone late at night. Of course I cant forget their lovely little dog, Percy, so happy, smart, quiet and clean. Im a dog friendly person and I guarantee: shes adorable!! Thus, Im so thankful for Mary, Geoff and Percy for this great summertime vacation and perfect Airbnbs first experience. Mary is a wonderful host, easygoing and fun to hang out with, and very respectful of privacy. I cant say enough about her generosity and hospitality. The apartment is beautifully decorated and expertly maintained. Great neighborhood, a short walk to multiple subway lines, and easy to get downtown or to other boroughs. Fantastic experience. Mary made us feel quite welcome.  She made it easy to plan our arrival time, showed us where every thing was and gave suggestions of places we might try in the neighborhood.  The apartment looked like the photos and of course Percy the doggy was delight!   It was the perfect place for a quick city visit in a beautiful part of the city.  I felt part of the neighborhood the minute I stepped inside. Slept like baby and enjoyed the hospitality & company of Mary and Geoff. Thank you!! Mary e Geoff sono stati dei perfetti padroni di casa. Disponibilissimi, alla mano, gentili ma non invadenti, mi hanno fatto sentire a casa (il che è stato molto piacevole visto che viaggiavo sola). La camera è spaziosa, pulitissima e cè tutto quello di cui si possa aver bisogno. Il letto è uno dei migliori in cui io abbia mai dormito, persino meglio di quello di casa mia. Anche il bagno, per quanto non nuovissimo, era molto pulito e dotato di tutto il necessario. Il quartiere è tranquillo, con molti posti carini dove poter fare cena o prendere qualcosa da bere. In più, in meno di 20 minuti di metro si arriva nella Midtown di Manhattan. Mi è dispiaciuto essere rimasta a casa loro solo per una notte, e di sicuro terrò presente il loro appartamento nel caso dovessi tornare a New York.  Spacious well kept apartment with all the facilities that I needed. Mary and Geoff made me welcome and arranged a convenient check in even though they had other plans. It was a pleasure to be a Guest at Mary & Geoffs place. The room is big and comfortable and the place is conveniently located in a clean and spacious neighborhood near the subway lines. The hosts were very welcoming and informative. I definitely recommend staying here. I live in the Washington Heights neighborhood and booked Mary and Geoffs beautiful apartment for my mom to stay in while she was visiting.  The apartment is in a beautiful building next to wonderful parks and restaurants.  The location is very convenient to a great cafe and an express train.  I would highly recommend for anyone looking in Washington Heights or Inwood. Mary & Geoff were both super welcoming, friendly, and accommodating. I really enjoyed staying with them! They gave me lots of tips for making the most of the city while I was there, and were happy for me to come and go as I pleased. Their apartment is really cosy and my room was spacious and comfortable.  Even though their apartment is in upper Manhattan - and so a bit further away from the main attractions - it was totally worth staying their for their warmth and hospitality.  Mary and Geoff really made me feel welcomed at their home, very friendly and nice people. Its  been raining off and on during my stay in NYC, and they are so considering to lend me an umbrella, and prepare a charger for me to use. The room is larger than I think, all things are very clean. Mary is a nice host. Although it was just a short stay, I had a wonderful time.  I had a very good experience in Mary´s apartment. She is a great host ever.   she is very friendly and willing to help you all the time when you need some help.   Her husband ( Geoff)  is also very nice .  The location of Mary s place is very secured (private residence) and her place will offer you all kind of facilities such as restaurants, metro station very close and others.  I had a wonderful stay there and I would for sure recommend Mary´s home.   We enjoyed staying with Mary and Geoff. Their apartment was cozy, artistic, and very quiet. Mary and Geoff were helpful when we had questions about sites nearby. I highly recommend this venue! Our hosts, Mary and Geoff, were extremely gracious and accommodating.  Lovely apartment within walking distance to local parks, the metro and a great café (The Park View). Their description was accurate.  Would definitely go back.  Highly recommended. Pat and I were greeted in the courtyard by Geoff with a big smile and a warm handshake! We were shown our room by Geoff and Mary...then we proceeded to have a wonderful conversation with them. They were both sincerely interested in us and hopefully they felt the same about us. The room was just as described...we got the best nights sleep in a long time.  Even though we were only there for one night, it was a great experience and whenever we visit Inwood again, we will stay with them again!  A great experience!  Thanks Mary and Geoff!! very close to subway I have stayed here several times . I was welcomed like s friend. Mary was very accommodating for my late arrival and luggage storage until my flight. Mary and Geoff are friendly, accommodating hosts.  Spacious bedroom with amazing bed! Youll sleep well. The apartment is well located just a block from the A train in Inwood. Very convenient to get to Penn Station, Upper West Side, Midtown and Brooklyn. This will definitely be my regular place when I return to NYC.  My first Airbnb experience was everything I could have hoped for - great hosts, clean apartment, ideal location for where I needed to be for an event.  Very nice neighborhood, vibrant and eclectic.  Fort Tryon Park was a five minute walk and I enjoyed my time there and at The Cloisters and Heather Garden. It was my first experience using Airbnb, it was amazing. Thank you Mary & Jeff I loved my stay and felt like family and of course hoped to keep coming back in the future. Mary and Geoff made me feel at home and very comfortable. The location was around the corner from my own family and they got to know one another. In fact they both have rescue dogs which is another bond. We had so much in common and ties with Guatemala and Costa Rica which is amazing, The host were very welcoming and friendly, they were both easy to get on with. The flat was extremely close and convenient to get around the city. Only a few stops to time square via metro. Great place to stay and plan to go back again . We enjoyed our stay at May and Geoffs apartment. Its conveniently located and is inside a gated community. Its in a nice neighborhood and is quiet and comfortable. Geoffs tips about getting around the city were very helpful. The Met Cloisters is a stones throw away (good hike!) and so is the MTA subway station.  Everything was great! Geoff was very welcoming and recommended a great place for us to visit. We enjoyed our stay! We were so, so pleased with our stay -- its a lovely apartment, convenient to the subway, with lots of amenities in the neighborhood. Having had a terrible NYC rental a few years ago, we were just delighted with our experience this time around. The place is exactly as shown by the pictures. Mary and Geoff are great hosts! When corresponding with them, they responded to all my questions in a very short period of time. We felt welcomed into their home.Very relaxed atmosphere. I would recommend staying at their place. mary and geoff were terrific hosts.  they were very helpful in providing me with with suggestions as to what i should see and were respectful of my privacy.  i have stayed in airbnb places before with different hosts, but mary and geoff were attentive to my needs.  I cant recommend them highly enough and there apartment is 30 yards from all of the transportation hubs as well. Mary & Geoffs space is attractive, close to interesting places, and fairly easily accessible to train/bus transportation. We also found a parking garage (through ParkWhiz) very close - very reasonable. To top it off, Mary & Geoff are warm, welcoming, easy to talk with, well traveled themselves - they get it! I really enjoyed my stay at Mary and Geoffs. I was in town for one night for work in their neighborhood and there are no hotels in the area. Access to the apartment is really easy because their unit opens directly to the buildings courtyard. Mary and Geoff were both warm and welcoming, as was their dog. Everything was clean and peaceful, and the shower was great. I definitely recommend this place. If you havent read any of the other positive reviews left by guests of Mary & Geoffs place, please do!  They are the consummate AirBnB hosts: friendly, genuine and helpful, to say the least. Their quintessential styled NYC apartment, conveniently located next to all public transportation, is vibrant and comfortable.  At the end of the day, you end up escaping the hustle and bustle of NYC life, once you walk through their building’s front door.  Sweet!!  Our room was cozy and lovely with delicious splashes of sunlight.  Beware of the bed! It’s very comfortable!   Great hosts! Great place! If you are looking for a lovely, clean, quiet, convenient, and affordable place in the city stop searching around airbnb and book this place right now! My husband and I stayed with Mary and Geoff while looking for a place to stay in New York. Not only was their place adorable and immaculate, but they are two of the coolest and kindest people weve ever met. Seriously, these folks are awesome and their place is outstanding. Plus, if you ask they will give you the inside scoop on Manhattan. We left feeling relaxed, refreshed, and right at home in the city. Outstanding!  This is a wonderful location and the settings of Mary and Geoffs home is ideal.  With Innwood Park almost across the avenue it is almost pastoral in location. Mary was a fantastic host.  I arrived in a complete disheveled mental state, Mary was super kind, warm, helpful and not mention a great conversationalist.  Prior to me getting to her and Geoff’s place, Mary was quick to respond to my messages and made sure that she was there when I arrived.  The apartment is clean, spacious and have everything you need.  They also have one cute little doggie name Percy – very friendly.  Highly recommend!  Der Aufenthalt im Appartment bei Mary und Geoff hat uns sehr gut gefallen. Die Beiden sind tolle Gastgeber die uns bei unserer Ankunft nach Mitternach noch freundlich empfangen haben. Sie hatten tolle Tipps für unseren Aufenthalt in Manhattan parat. Das Zimmer war für New Yorker Verhältnisse sehr großzügig bemessen und die Lage im Norden Manhattans war für unsere Reiseziele perfekt. Der Anschluß zum A-Train befindet sich in unmittelbarer Nachbarschaft, so dass man Midtown gut erreichen kann. Besonders gut hat uns auch die Nähe zu den beiden Stadtparks gefallen. Wir würden die Unterkunft jederzeit wieder buchen.  Herzlichen Dank an Mary und Geoff dass Sie uns so freundlich aufgenommen haben.  These are super-nice people and very helpful. We enjoyed our stay immensely. Geoff and Marys place was the perfect setting to return to after spending time in the busy city for being relaxed, quiet and domestic. The rocky, forested Inwood Park area with sweeping views of the Hudson River below are a refreshing reminder that nature is as potent force as the citys cultural offerings. The Cloisters are a nearby historic site, and the subway is around the corner with shops and restaurants. The home itself was comfortable and welcoming, and though we did not get to meet Mary, Geoff was a warm and conversational host. I would recommend this lovely AirBnB location. not only as advertised, but also top hosts. all that is good to be said about an Airbnb host. the setup is fantastic; the room is very big; and all amenities are just great for a stay. on top of that, the hosts (in this case Geoff) makes one feel very welcome and of great assistance.  Easy access to public transit for travel.  Many hidden gems in the neighborhood with lots of park and open space.  I couldnt have asked for a better hosts! Mary and Geoff were easy to communicate with and very flexible with my check-in. They went out of the way to make sure I had a good stay. The bedroom is extremely quiet- I dont think Ive ever slept so well in NYC! Mary and Geoffs apartment is HUGE for NYC, beautifully decorated, full of great books, and set back from the main road -- so quite quiet. Geoff couldnt have been more friendly and helpful: my partner and I loved hearing about his travel ambitions and tasting his homemade kombucha. The room was lovely and the bed was very comfortable; we felt really at home. Although I visit NYC quite a bit, this was my first time to Inwood and I recommend the area because it was green, scenic, full of interesting-looking restaurants, and super easy to take the metro to midtown or even below (it was only about 35 minutes to Tribeca). Would stay here again for sure!  A great location with hosts who are friendly and helpful. Percy is a sweetie! The room is quiet and spacious, and the bed is super comfortable. The apartment is clean and cozy. Easy walking distance to the subway, parks, nearby restaurants. Great spot! Lovely hosts, made me feel at home in a few seconds. Location is very good, close to all the amenities,Large/ spacious bedroom. Both Geoff & Mary offer erred the rest of the common area for the guest use. It is a quiet room. And Percy is a well behaved & friendly pet. I wish the hosts all the best. Great first floor residence in a quiet neighborhood and a block away from the subway. Unexpectedly it was also right next to The Cloisters- nice bonus. Met Geoff who couldn’t have been friendlier and his home was a great place to spend the night. 5 star experience. A little oasis in Manhattan. Very quiet garden courtyard apartment with wonderful hosts. Beautiful and charming room  very comfortable  charming and helpful host. Appartamento carino e in posizione comoda, vicinissimo alla metro... la stanza é grande e molto carina. Mary and Geoff sono stati molto gentili e precisi. Consigliato!!! Great spot - Mary and Geoff are delightful. Loved my stay with Mary and Geoff. The room was so quiet and peaceful! I really enjoyed the morning coffee and beautiful courtyard. Such a private oasis & great value. Mary and Geoff are warm and generous hosts and made me feel at home immediately. Checking in & out was quick and easy. Hope to stay again soon! Mary and Geoff are two truly remarkable people, with kind and welcoming hearts. It was a special treat to be in their presence, and their dog is, OMG, the cutest. (FYI) And the bed. Another OMG. Everyone should sleep in a bed like this. Great and convenient Inwood location. Most highly recommend - thank you Mary, Geoff, and Percy!	1
514	This was a beautiful stay. The view was amazing! Great accessibility. Wonderful neighborhood.  The room was clean and the dinning room was great. It was a great place for living. The host canceled this reservation 15 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Royce was a phenomenal host via virtual communication. He responded pretty quickly and was very genuine. I was pretty excited in staying at this flat.  All of that changed until I checked-in. The flat was beyond gross and disgusting! Kitchen, bathroom, bedroom, living was just filthy! Hairs in the bathroom tub/sink. Food crumbs all over the floor and table counters. Grease and stained kitchen. I was in complete shock when I arrived to flat! I did not feel safe or comfortable sleeping there. I hate the fact that I am writing this review but I have to fully express how I feel. I have never experienced this with any other host in my past using Airbnb. One thing I have to say is that Airbnb were extremely generous and accommodating with this entire situation. I have absolutely no complaints with them. They definitely smoothen the situation and found a solution. But just an advice to the host, you may want to quadruple check that your flat is in a great conditions to host your guests in the future. You are representing a phenomenal brand (Airbnb) and it does not look great at all. It is not sanitary for anyone to stay there in those conditions. O apartamento é ótimo. Se você precisa de um espaço para deixar suas coisas enquanto passeia durante o dia, e a noite precisa de um bom lugar pra descansar esse lugar vai te agradar. Bem próximo a estação de metrô.  Tem uma grocery perto, com coisas bem básicas. Se precisar de algo mais completo, tem uma Target a algumas estações de metrô uptown.  Quanto ao Royce, quando precisei, o tempo de resposta foi fantástico. Precisei tirar algumas dúvidas com ele a certa hora da noite e ele continuou me respondendo até que o problema tivesse sido resolvido.	0
515	This is the perfect spot if you have multiple people in your family or group and you want to share one place. There are lots of bedrooms and bathrooms to accommodate a crowd. There are a few common gathering spaces including an outdoor patio as well so people can move around. The beds are comfortable and besides overhead planes during the day, the neighborhood is quiet. You almost dont know you are in NYC. Although I never met Ann, she was very responsive to questions and my friends who did meet her said she was very pleasant. If you are looking for a large space, but dont need a lot of extra comfort features, this is perfect for you. The host canceled this reservation 88 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great house for large parties .  Plenty of rooms and bathrooms to accommodate multiple guests. Convienant check in with the key code for the doors as well. 一个美丽舒适的家 Clean and spaceouis with many rooms for big group. Ann’s place was excellent and accommodating for our large group (20+). She is very quick to reply to any questions or concerns. There is a great park right across the street for a nice stroll. Good parking space and fenced patio.	1
516	Kathryn was great, she was always communicative and set the place up nicely for my friends and me. Her apartment is really nice and the view on the balcony is amazing! Our stay was great! We enjoyed Kathryn and Tobias appartment. The view is very nice and the building as well. We will definitively book it again next time if available Appartment was great, close to Harlem main spots and amazing view. The doormen are really kind. You can find everything close by. Laundromats, supermarket, metro stations, restaurants.  Kathryn and Tobias were also very quick to reply our prompts, we have a minor issue at the apartment and the were quick to fix it.  Would stay there again anytime. The host canceled this reservation 95 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Apartment is big and has nice terrace. However it is very far from the center and savings that you can made from price you will spend on taxy (25 to 30 usd to Times square). Also appartment is not realy clean and need to be painted. Full of bugs! Would not recomended! Although hosts were nice and worm as well as the doorman in the building. DO NOT STAY HERE! This place looks nice, has a great view, but is INFESTED with roaches and bugs!! I was doing work in the bedroom and came out into the kitchen at around 10pm to get something to eat. I turned on the light and all the insects scurried back to their hiding spots. They were in the cabinets, the drawers, crawling over the silverware, everywhere! Later I saw more in the living room and bathroom. The residents know the apartment is infested too. There were roach traps in the cabinets.  The host canceled this reservation 4 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The apartment was great. Very spacious  and comfortable. The view really is something else. The kitchen is fully equipped but missing a cork screw :-)   Definitely no bugs! Transport down town was easy , bus and subway. Local supermarket on the corner and many other shops and restaurants close by.   Harlem is a great place to stay. A completely different atmosphere from down town. Everyone very lively and polite. Special mention for Ralph the lovely concierge in the lobby who was very friendly and helpful.   We would definitely stay there again.   Our host was very helpful ,she said to ring her if we needed anything.  All in all we had a great stay. Thanks again (Website hidden by Airbnb) Lorna + Kameel. We stayed here for two weeks for a work-related travel. The apartment is very spacious with a large living room, an open kitchen and one sleeping room with a double bed: perfect for a couple. The view from the 16th floor on Manhattan is fantastic. BUT: the bathroom was in a horrible state with the sink being blocked from the first day of our visit, water dripping from the lamp onto the floor and the toilet, resulting in a stinking and dysfunctional bathroom. We asked the host to fix this immediately when we came into the apt. Unfortunately, she was unable to do anything about it the entire two weeks!	0
517	Such a great place to stay. Clean, comfortable and beautiful. I really enjoyed Innas home.  This is the perfect place to stay while having an amazing summer in New York.  Thank you, Inna, for a wonderful apartment to stay in for the night before leaving NYC! The neightborhood was very quiet, peaceful and close enough to LGA.  It was easy to get the key from Innas friend and the apartment was exactly what we were looking for.   Inna literally rents you her house. If you are looking for a hotel, this is not for you, but if you are looking for a place to feel like home... Innas place is perfect. Youve got everything you need, the neighborhood is very quiet but still with some places near to have dinner or a beer, is connected by metro, supermarkets are close ... Really recommendable.   A great week in Innas appartement,  well located close to the subway.  An excellent price/quality ratio !!! Concernant le logement, celui-ci est entièrement conforme à la description, très agréable, accueillant, bien décoré et bien situé ; quartier très calme, commerces et restaurants à quelques rues, proche de laéroport (LGA) et du métro (pas plus de 15 minutes si on y va à pieds), à quelques stations du centre de Manhattan (15 minutes de transport à peine)  Concernant Inna, cest vraiment une super hôte ! Très gentille, accueillante et de confiance !  Jai adoré mon séjour ! Merci Inna jai vraiment passé un super mois à New York et cétait très agréable de pouvoir se retrouver au calme   dans ta maison pour se reposer !!        Thanks for Inna let me stay in her apartment, I love the neighbourhood and easy access to local bus and subway.  Although need to walk about 15 mins to subway but it is interesting to walk along the Ditmars Blvd and there is lots to see.  The apartment is clean and good enough for 4 people.  would like to stay here again. We really enjoyed staying at Innas appt! Great space and nice quiet neighborhood neighborhood. Super good deal for the price. There wasnt a ton of room for our things (we were there a while), but plenty of free space for a stay of a few weeks or less. Would stay again! Great neighborhood, great understanding host. We felt very safe.  Cosy, quiet and spacious apartment! Inna is very helpful and reachable. I recommend it!	1
518	Had an amazing stay at Evis place with the help of her co-host Maya. The room was huge and extremely clean. The apartment was steps from the metro. It only took me about 25 minutes to get to time square! The part of Astoria where this apartment is located felt extremely safe even when I was walking back from a long night in the city. Would definitely stay again! Clean and nice. Ideal for 2 a few days. Maybe a mirror in the roin would be useful This is my second time staying at evis, and its always wonderful ! The room was nice and clean an the hosts are friendly.I can use again if i go back. We booked this place one day befor because we had to make changes in our travels. It is good because you can go for only a night. The traintrack is close to the house and very loud. If you have trouble sleeping bring earbuds. Other than that the accomodation was great. Welcoming and clean Great place to stay if you visiting NYC. The only minus is a noise coming from the rails. Otherwise great location Decent Very clean room with bathroom. Location is good, dollar tree next door and a lot of great restaurants around the corner. Little loud because of the subway, but this is New York City. Astoria is near to Manhattan only a few stops with the subway. This was an ideal location and super clean. Very convenient to train and restaurants! This beautiful home in Astoria is just the perfect distance from LGA airport, and just a train ride away from Manhattan. Perfect for anyone who wants to be in the center of it all! Its well kept and the host is delightful. Right next to subway station. Hassle free checkin. Great amenities incl AC, cable tv, fan. Clean room 한글로 작성합니다. 한국사람들 참고하세요. (영어 자동번역을 고려해서 또박또박 씁니다) 유일한 단점은 전철 옆이라 전철 소리가 납니다. 그러나 여러 장점이 있습니다. 1) 역과 아주 가깝습니다. 역에서 맨하탄으로 가기에 적합한 숙소입니다. 2) 동네가 깨끗하고 좋습니다. 한국인들이 꽤 많이 산다고 합니다. 3) 늦게까지도 여는 집이 많아 숙소로 돌아와서 씻고 저녁이나 술한잔하기에도 좋습니다. 4) 호스트가 1층에 살아서 더 믿을만합니다. 5) 호스트인 Evi는 마음 좋은 할머니입니다. 친절합니다.  다시 묵을수 있으면 좋겠으나, 비싼 뉴욕을 다시갈 수 있을지.. Right close to the train stop, and very spacious room. If the train sound doesnt bother you, I recommend you stay here. Good location, just a short train ride away from Manhattan. Checkin was hassle free and the room was clean and comfortable. Overall a nice stay, would recommend! 干净的房间,位置也不错靠着地铁站。房东家人都很热情好客,很好相处。 Great place to stay on a budget. Very friendly hosts and conveniently located near subway. Would stay again! Thanks Really clean and comfortable accommodations with friendly and welcoming hosts in a lively neighborhood with many good resturaunts in walking distance. Definitely enjoyed my one night stay! It was pleasant stay at Evis place. I would recommend it! Yo! Evi is so sweet lady ! We had a nice time during our stay ! I saw some people complaining about noise from the rail, but this is exactly perfect NYC experience ! Iam recomend Evi’s place to everybody ! Clean, close, safe ! Looooove it ! It was neat and clean, and the host was very welcoming.   the house right near the broadway station, so it was convenient.  However, if you are sensitive to noisy, it could bother you because the station is really close .  Personally, it was nice stay to me overall. Super handy to the train, close to great restaurants, and other local attractions.  Easy to get back and forth to LaGuardia.  Will use this spot again if its available.  Hostess couldnt be more helpful.  Delightful neighborhood. Incredibly nice and welcoming host. Space was completely ready when we checked in and we had plenty of privacy. Far surpassed all of our expectations.   Highly recommend Evis place. Evi was so kind, made me feel at home. Great location right next to the subway station. Clean, affordable and comfortable. Evi was super helpful and nice. The location is convenient, especially with a new Astoria ferry to the downtown. However, beware, that there metro could be very noise at night times, so bring earplugs. EXCELLENT location. Literally steps from the Broadway N/W station. Even though its for 3 people the room is very spacious, plus its right next to the bathroom. Evi provided cold water when we arrived and even baked us cookies! Id totally stay here again. Thanks Maya/Evi. I had a great time! Everything was perfect: clean, great communication and the warmest host. The only reason why a gave 4 stars to the location is because the subway/train runs through the street and it can be quite noisy at times. However its really close (half a block) to the station which is perfect. This place is great, it is an iconic house in Astoria.  It is very close to the elevated train, but they go by so often you dont even notice. Great value and location in a vibrant neighborhood.  Evi is super nice and the place is in great shape. Great location, right by the Broadway station! Evi is very kind. The room was spacious and had extra blankets. It is literally right next to the train line, so I would recommend ear plugs as well. Would stay here again. Very friendly! 15 min subway trip to midtown, conveniently close to subway stop and numerous places to eat - couldnt ask for more. My room was really spacious. Whole space was really clean and very thoughtfully put together - felt very homely. Great value! I was not bothered by the subway passing right outside the window but something to consider Everything was great! Accommodating, affordable, and private Sparkling clean and well kept home in the heart of Astoria! Awesome location but being so close to the Broadway subway stop can also mean the train can be loud in case you are a light sleeper. Evi was a wonderful host and very warm and friendly! Evi was a perfect host. It’s literally feet away from the subway and only like 3 stops away from Central Park. Highly recommend staying here. For the price it’s perfect. There’s little cute notes everywhere. Will definitely look to stay here on our next visit. Really good place to stay. The room was really clean and comfortable. It is just next to the subway station The house is amazing!! There is very clean, good location, kind and cute owner:) She gave us many information so its very easy to acsess the house!!so you dont worry about that!! It close to broadway station that has direct line to manhattan.If you find comfortable and amazing place, I really recommend this house!! anyway I wanna stay again. Thank you:)	1
519	"We really did have a good time at Andy Vijays apartement and felt very welcomed. He always answered very fast and was helpful and concerned that we would spend a nice stay in NY, what we appreciated a lot!  Andy is very hospitable and kind. The house is beautiful , the kitchen  is clean . We spent wonderful moments , listening and playing music . Im sure you will make the best choice ! I stayed in Andy’s apartment for whole week. Before I came here I wrote a few messages to him and always he answered very quickly. I really had a good time here. The neighbourhood is interesting and safe even in late night. Bedroom and bathroom are very nice and clean.  The tube is around the corner. I felt welcomed and Andy gave me a few times advice where to go. I really recommend staying here. We really enjoyed our stay in Andys flat. We felt welcomed & the flat is closed to the subway : ever morning, we reached manhatan in 20 - 25 minuts.     To conclude its a nice place for a stay in NY. Thanks guys   Le logement était comme dans lannonce, correcte, Andy est sympa, rien à redire sur le logement Hallo Andy,  die Wohnunterkunft war genau wie ich Sie erwartet hatte.  Vielleicht Schließbarkeit der Badtür reparieren ansonsten alles zufriedenstellend.  Deine Wegbeschreibung war perfekt bis auf den letzten Satz, weil kein Straßenschild am Ende der Skillmann road ist und ich erst um den ganzen block herum gesucht habe.  Vielleicht solltest du bei deiner Wegbeschreibung ergänzen :  Nach dem Ausgang aus der U Bahn über die Kreuzung und die erste Straße  rechts hinein ist Skillmann road.  2 Min von Ausgang U Bahn entfernt.  Schade dass du nicht mehr aus deinem großen Garten machst.  Wenn du willst kannst du mir schreiben ich hatte dir ja meine Büro Anschrift dagelassen. Dann könnte ich dir ein Foto von meinem Garten schicken als Anregung was man mit wenig Mitteln , nur mit etwas Arbeit aus einem Garten machen kann.  Danke für den Auenthalt bei dir.  Wenn ich wieder mal nach New york komme würde ich immer wieder bei dir buchen.  Gruß Corinna   Andy was very accommodating and helpful. He had some good words of advice for people trying to figure out what NYC has to offer. Very responsive and easy to communicate with. Andys place is in a great location, close to the subway. The single room is very nice, comfortable bed and shelf space. Both Andy and his housemate Keith are nice dudes, always willing to recommend things to do.  Id recommend anyone stay here if youre visiting NYC. Great place to stay run by a very decent guy. The place is clean, tidy and nice to hang out in. The room is ideal, comfortable bed and closet space.  Great location, comfortable space, and welcoming hosts! Sono stato a casa di Andy per quasi un mese e non ho trovato solo un luogo accogliente e confortevole dove soggiornare, ma anche e soprattutto delle persone fantastiche con cui passare del tempo molto piacevole.  Andy e il suo coinquilino Keith sono entrambi molto disponibili e simpatici, sempre pronti ad aiutare o a consigliare su dove andare o cosa vedere nella bellissima New York.  La stanza é piccola ma luminosa, ideale per chi viaggia da solo: il letto é comodo, alle finestre ci sono le zanzariere e un armadio a muro consente di immagazzinare le proprie cose.  La fermata della metro è letteralmente a 3 minuti a piedi da casa, il quartiere è pieno di caffè, ristoranti e negozi di vario genere e tranquillo e sicuro anche di notte.  In definitiva, raccomando la casa di Andy a chiunque voglia trascorrere del tempo di qualità a New York e a chiunque abbia voglia di conoscere persone interessanti e divertenti!   Had a great time at Andys and Keiths. The two are very chill and laid-back hosts that really make sure you have fun in NYC. Overall, I highly enjoyed the international flair of their place.   Andy and Keith were both friendly and helpful hosts. The house was in a quiet street less than two corners from the subway which was super handy. The neighbourhood was okay: safe enough, mainly residential, not elegant but not too run down either. The room was great! It was quiet and clean with a built-in cupboard for clothes. Overall, the main positives for me were the room, the convenient location (to get to Manhattan or Williamsburg) and the helpfulness of the hosts. The only negative for me was the bathroom which was in a really poor state (in serious need of some scrubbing and bleaching and a change of towels/shower curtain). Overall, it was a pleasant stay. Andy and Keith were perfect hosts, really welcoming and helpful for my stay.  The room was as described and the bed comfortable.  The apartment was next to the subway, and approximately 20 min from Manhattan. I will definitely book again there when I will come back !  Thank you again for these days! Great location, all that is needed is close by (laundry, liquorstores, supermarket and subway entrance).  Appartment is nice, but lacking air conditioning - multiple fans try to cool things down. Internet connection is fast :)  Andy is a great host, will help you with anything. Definately will use again and recommend for others. Andy was a great host.  He helped me anytime and anyhow. The location is good and the house is ok.  The room where I spent a few nights was clean and comfortable.  Be careful to the cars in the streets around as people drive fast :)   Great location, as advertised.  Very easy to get to subway station, grocery store and a great coffee doughnut shop.  Andy and his roommates were great hosts.  It was a real pleasure to stay at Andy and Keiths! Both are so welcoming and helpful, especially if you are new to the city or just visiting. The room is clean and comfortable, and the neighborhood is up and coming, with some really cool spots just around the corner. I stayed with the guys for about a month before moving to a new place, and felt at home staying at their house.  I envy everybody who will stop at this point :)  It was a great stay: nice bed, very close to the subway and friendly host. Andy and his roommates were very accommodating and cool all around. And I found new friends in short period. Andy, thanks a lot! Andy has a really good spot here. Its a good value, a good sized room with a nice shared living space, and on a quiet street. Its right by the G train and an easy walk down Bedford or Franklin towards a bunch of bars and restaurants. This was my second ""trip"" staying at Andys place, as an extension of the first when I modified my trip plans. It made a whole lot more sense to just stay in a good place than head somewhere else. Nous avons passé une superbe semaine chez Andy. Il est très accueillant et il est un très bon hôte. Si un jour je reviens, je nhésiterai pas à revenir chez lui. Les lieux sont propres, il ya le métro juste à côté ainsi que de bons petits restaurants. Merci encore à lui pour tout  I had a really good time at Andys place. The location is great - very close to the subway station. Very quiet and safe neighbourhood. The room was small, but cozy (as listed). Andy is a very nice and helpful host. Perfect choice for someone looking for a homey place to stay in a nice, laid-back company.  Andy was a great host. Friendly, welcoming and super knowledgable about New York City as well as other places. The house is clean and stocked with everything you would need for your stay. There were several other people staying in the room next to mine, which they use for Air BnB as well, but everyone was nice, respectful and friendly, so this created a pleasant, kind of mini-hostel vibe. The house is on a quiet street in a busy area, with lots of good cafes etc nearby. Its also really near the subway, so very convenient for getting wherever you need to go. Id definitely recommend this place as a place to stay. Raccomando tantissimo questalloggio. Andy e stato gentilissimo e disponibile. Mi ha aspettato fino a tardi nonostanye avessi tardato con il volo..Abbiamo chiacchierato molto e mi ha consigliato molti posti dove sentire musica, mangiare specialita tipiche ecc.. Had a very good time in NYC in Andys and Keiths house. Its very close to the subway station and there are some nice shops and bars around. The last day they had the really nice gesture of offering me a ride to the aiport. I can recommend the stay with them. Andy was a great host. Him and his housemate Keith were both very accommodating and friendly, great to talk with, and very helpful with tips for the city. The room was clean and the bed was very comfortable. Would definitely stay there again should the opportunity arise!  Andy and Keiths place was an awesome choice for my stay in New York. Its a really nice house in Brooklyn in what felt like a really safe neighborhood. The location was also extremely convenient to the great Brooklyn Kolache Co. around the corner, which sustained my caffeine addiction everyday or to the subway, which is only a block away. I was able to get to Williamsburg in about 10 minutes and Manhattan in around 20-25. Andy and Keith are super cool and everybody in the house is very respecting of the privacy of others. They both knew a lot about the neighborhood and New York in general when it came to food or cool places to go. There seems to be a lot of people coming through their place so its also a great way to meet new people. We had some good conversations and listened to good music. I had a really great time. Thanks Keith and Andy. Ill definitely be staying here when I come back to New York. cozy and clean (Website hidden by Airbnb) convenient for subway is really near.most important is that Andy is very friendly.u will enjoy the time staying with him!! Andy was great host and house was cozy and comfortable.    The neighborhood is safe and quite,close to manhattan.  Its nice and comfortable to leave in Andys home, and Andy is a great host! Andy was both super inviting and really helpful. He knows an extensive amount about New York and its history and can give you tons of suggestions on things to try while youre staying there. I stayed for a month and I would stay there again with no hesitation.  Andy was very good at keeping in contact via message so I knew he would be around once I arrived at the place. The room was pretty basic but I knew it would be - it was warm and functional which was the main thing! The only thing that I felt was lacking was a proper duvet - there were only blankets. The pipes sometimes made funny noises in the night but otherwise I managed to get a good nights sleep. Also the bathroom didnt lock which wasnt great! Andy wasnt around much but on the weekend I had a brief but nice chat with him and a couple of other guests - hes a very laid back and friendly guy. This room is a perfectly good base if you intend to be out and about seeing the city - its three minutes from the subway and theres a whole road of lovely places to eat round the corner on Dekalb Avenue. You cant argue with what you get for this price - would recommend for budget travellers whod rather spend their money on enjoying NYC. Andy was a great host.  We had some great conversations and he provided advice on getting around the local area.   Andys a great guy. We actually had a lot in common. Staying with him and his roommate felt like I was staying with a friend or relative, even though there were two other Airbnb guys there as well. Andy is so kind and generous guy. His house is so comfortable and what he says about the location is correctly right. The room he provides is really perfect. The subway or other transportion he explains is also comfortable to use. I want to use his house again if i go to new york again. Andy and his roommate were very welcoming and even had time to chat about the area.  The bed was amazingly comfortable, and the place was very quiet at night.  Highly recommended if you need a place to lay your head after a long day out exploring and to take breaks.  The bathroom situation was not bad at all, except for a dirty looking shower.  The shower was relatively clean, but it had an unkempt look to it.  Hardly a downside, but dont expect a hotel bathroom.  Will definitely stay again! Andy and his friend were great hosts. The house was clean, the wifi was great and the room was also good.     The bus and subway take you to the better parts of Brooklyn within 10-15 minutes and it takes about half an hour to get to Manhattan.  Andys place was a great base for my time in New York. Extremely close to transit, great atmosphere living with friendly hosts and other travellers. I loved my time here, will definitely return if Im ever in Brooklyn and would recommend it to everyone!  Andy had informed me in advance that he would be out of town during my stay, but he had referred me to his flatmate Keith, who very kindly took care of everything and made me feel comfortable.   I arrived very early in New York (7.30 am) and Keith was happy to let me into the apartment so early, so that I could leave my bag there. When the room became free in the afternoon he sent me a message to inform me.  So everything was perfectly taken care of, and also the room (I had the private room) perfectly suited my stay. Also, I could get to Manhattan very easily and quickly by metro.  I would definitely stay there again when I return to NY!   Nice room, nice people good location.  Thanks to keith for the perfect stay :) I didnt meet Andy, but I was greeted by Keith, his roommate, who explained to me how things worked out in their location, neighborhood was pleasant and quiet, I ate around a lot and enjoyed the food from nearby restaurants a lot, I walked around very late at night and there were no issues. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay there and would recommend it!! (except for the fact that I UNFORTUNATELY got sick with the flu on my last day at their location, but it had absolutely nothing to do with the hosting/room or anything, just some bad luck on my part, I guess.) La habitación privada estaba muy bien, con armario para guardar la ropa. Todo muy limpio y ordenado.   Se encuentra a 1 cuadra y media de la entrada del subte (siempre bajar en Bedford / Nostramus aunque (Hidden by Airbnb) maps diga otra cosa) lo que lo hace muy practico, la combinaciones son faciles y rapidas, en 30 / 40 minutos estas en Manhattan.  Es un barrio humilde, normal pero es seguro, tienes supermercados y negocios cerca como lavanderías, todo muy accesible y cerca.  Andy y Keith tienen muy buena onda, muy fácil hablar con ellos.  Es el hospedaje ideal si vas por unos dias, es economico y cerca de todo.  Desde ahí al aeropuerto JFK solo gaste u$s 40. Andy und Keith haben sich gut um die Gäste gekümmert. Das Badezimmer ist inzwischen sicher renoviert werden. Andy hat damit an meinem letzten Tag angefangen.     Super ist wirklich die Nähe zur U-Bahn, so dass man innerhalb weniger Minuten in Williamsburg oder Brooklyn Downtown sein kann.     Einige Reisende hatten ein Problem mit der Wegbeschreibung zu dem Haus. Bei mir lief alles glatt und es war vollkommen problemlos. Mijn verblijf bij Andy was geweldig! De privé-kamer was groot genoeg met een heerlijk bed. De badkamer is gerenoveerd en ziet er netjes uit. Verwacht geen super luxe badkamer, maar alles zit er gewoon op en aan. Het huis ligt niet verder dan een aantal minuten lopen van het metro-station Bedford-Nostrand. Echt ideaal! Je bent zo binnen 30 minuten van het huis tot hartje Manhattan. Ik ben een aantal keren laat naar huis gegaan, en heb me altijd veilig gevoeld. De buurt in Brooklyn is netjes, alles ligt er bij elkaar. Zo ligt één straat verder een supermarkt en een bank. Ook verschillende eetgelegenheden kun je om de hoek vinden. Andy en Keith zijn beide hele fijne gastheren. Altijd in voor een praatje en zeer meedenkend over wat je gaat doen en of hebben wel tips voor je. Al met al, een heel fijn verblijf gehad en raad dit huis zeker aan!  Andy is a nice host, and he gave me anti-cream when I have  an itch problem. Staying with Andy is not like staying in a hotel, at all. Its better.    Both Andy and his apartment felt like the real New York experience, as did Andys permanent roommate Keith. And that in and off itself is something you cannot pay for.    Like stated in the description of the place, the apartment is nothing fancy, but its genuine and welcoming, and I, for my part, will take that over golden taps/faucets anyday.    Andy rents more than one bed in his apartment, so I got to meet a lot of new people during my stay there, and that makes for a very nice side effect - youre not only staying with some guy from Brooklyn, youre also meeting a lot of people, hear a lot of stories about places all over the world; from the guests and from the residents themselves.    I greatly enjoyed my stay with Andy and took advantage of the two minute walk to the next subway station. It is just as Andy wrote in his description: Book your stay with Andy, and New York is yours to explore.    Even though I stayed out late a few times, I never felt threatened in the neighbourhood. In fact, it was way quiter than I had expected any place in New York to be and the bed is the most amazing matress that can happen to your back.  After a day of running around Manhattan, you can hear it call to you from very far away, letting you know youre missed. And once you reach homebase after a long day, you get to choose whether to lie down and rest your feet in your room, or sit down with whoevers there at the time and exchange stories and experiences. I highly advice you to do the latter, even though I rarely got the chance to do so - my only regret after a week with Andy. i had a wonderful time in New York and I loved to stay at Andy and Keith house. the neighbourhood is safe, friendly and just nice.  it was my first time in the USA and Andy made my stay very comfortable. he is a laid-back guy who loves to travel like myself. he knows so much about the city and can assist when ever you have questions. staying there was like staying with friends, like coming home after a really inspiring day in Manhattan. we had good conversations and it was lovely to meet new people.  I had the private room, which was more than I asked for. you will have a wonderful bed, which gives you a nice rest in a peaceful surrounding. will definitely recommend staying there and will return as soon I get back to the USA.  Thank you so much guys, you really made my stay special :-) 뉴욕에서의 8일 어떻게 지나갔는지도 모르게 휙 지나갔네요. 지하철역이 가까워서 교통은 편했으나 맨하탄까지는 한두번 갈아타야합니다. 숙소는 아늑했고 냉장고에 먹을것들 가득 구비해놔서 출출할때 챙겨드셔도 되구요. 술도 많습니다 ㅎㅎ 전 못먹어봤지만 ㅡㅡ. 저렴하고 아늑한 Andy의 숙소 덕분에 더 행복했던 뉴욕여행이었습니다.   Im sorry Andy. its too hard to make in english so i leave my messege in korean. take care ;) A great place to stay if youre visiting New York. Super easy to get to Manhattan & Williamsburg.  The room is cozy and the bed is comfortable. The bathroom is clean and spacious.   Andy & Keith a really friendly and helpful hosts... Overall great stay, especially for the price point. Cute, clean and comfortable room/apartment - everything was as advertised. Andy is super nice as well. No AC in the room so it can get a little warm in the summer but Andy provided a fan which helped. I had a great stay at Andys place! Andy always quickly replied to any of my messages and once I arrived made me feel immediately welcome. I had the chance to meet his housemate, some of his friends as well as other Airbnb guests; it was awesome to share experiences and meet them! The room is basic (as described) but the apartment is nice and in a very good location, extremely close to Bedford-Nostrand station. The only downside is that the room doesnt have a curtain on one of the windows, so sun light may wake you up early. Apart from that I would definitely recommend this place and would stay here again!!   Super domaćin. Smještaj kao na slikama.  Andy and his roommate were fantastic guests. Photos are accurate of what youre getting, and you cant beat the location for the price. Andys block is lively and fun during the day, and youll feel safe there at night.  지하철 역도 가깝고 교통편도 나쁘지 않았습니다. 호스트가 친절해서 다른 이용자들도 대부분 친절했는데 영어를 잘했으면 더 친해질 수 있었을텐데 아쉽네요.  좋은 추억이었어요, 앤디! 사라, 로한, 베키, 모건 즐거웠습니다! I was at Andys Place for about one Week. Andy is a nice, helpful, little bit quiet guy. He always had an idea what to see and where to go.  The room was very comfortable, nice bed, own fan, remote lights.  If you wanna cook, he has a lot of spices, oils for you, you just need to buy anything in the just a short walk ago grocery store. Only the bath could be a little bit cleaner. Its not dirty, but there are some spot which would like some care. All in all a nice place to live. Theres always full house with a lot of international people. Would come back anytime! Thank you for your place Andy. Me encanto el lugar! Andy y Keith son muy buenas personas, dispuestas a ayudarte. El lugar está ubicado en un lugar seguro, muy cerca del metro y con muchos cafés por al rededor. Realmente lo recomiendo. Me volvería a quedar ahí de todas formas. Andy was great! Immediately I felt like I was at home, he explained me everything about the apt, he left a lot of personal care products for guests in the bathroom and also a lot of spicies and other stuff in the kitchen. He was always available for everything, from watch a movie to answer at my never ending questions about NYC. The room was super clean and also the apt. The listing description was accurate and the neighborhood was quiet and beautiful and apt is very close to the subway (3 min walking). Thanks a lot again Andy for the fantastic time I spend in your apt :) Everything was just as described  (even a little better). Andy and his girlfriend are great hosts -culturally diverse and fun to talk to - Couldnt have found a better place to stay!  . Andy is a great host. The other room mates are really friendly and the apartment is well located near the G and a short trip to Manhattan via a swap to the A or L.     Highly recommend this place! I really enjoyed my stay at Andys place, he is quick to respond, and his girlfriend is very hospitable. The location is very convenient and there are grocery, laundry and food places nearby. Other house mates were nice to talk to as well.     I was invited to his friends birthday party by his girlfriend one night during my stay there, didnt expect that but I had so much fun, which made my Airbnb experience and my time at Brooklyn memorable.     So thank you Andy and your friends, will definitely come back if Im traveling to NYC again :) Good place to stay, not far from Manhattan and not that expensive. Andy does everything to make you feel at home and to hang out with you if you want. There were other guests in the house with a very nice atmosphere.  Andy and Sarah were the perfect hosts. They were kind, intelligent and helpful. Their hospitality was much appreciated. I found it easy to get around from the apartment as the subway was super close and the bus was a handy alternative for inner borough transit. Mostly the G train to the L quickly got me where I needed to go in the city. If youre up for a nice leisurely walk Id recommend making your way to Manhattan via the Brooklyn Bridge from the apartment.   The place was clean, cozy and comforting. I had a lovely stay and met some cool interesting people. I definetly will be staying here when Im back.  Thanks again!!  Cozy place. I loved how close it is to public transport. It will be hard to find better value for the price. Andy is extremely professional and prompt. Staying at Andys was great. He was very nice,giving me good pieces of advice when I asked them, spending some evenings together also with the other (Hidden by Airbnb) (Who where nice too), talking about music, and even lending me some sport shoes when I needed them. Flat is really near to metro station. I would totally recommend Andys!  호스트 친절하고 집도 깨끗합니다 침대가 조금 오래 되었는지 한쪽으로 기울어져 있긴 하지만 침구 깨끗하고 방도 깨끗합니다 안에 기본적인 필요한 것은 다 잘 갖추어져 있고 와이파이도 잘됩니다 지하철 역 가깝습니다 동네는 조용하고 밤에는 좀 음침해서 조심하셔야 할 것 같습니다 그곳에 사는 친구가 그곳 고등학생들에게 종종 물건을 빼앗긴 적 있다고 말하였습니다 음식점은 가까운데 편의점?같은 곳은 좀 먼 편입니다 뉴욕 중심가와 조금 멀지만 브루클린만의 분위기와 정서를 느낄 수 있는 곳 입니다 그곳의 dough donut 에 꼭 가보시길 바랍니다 도넛 정말 맛있습니다 제가 체크아웃 날짜를 실수로 하루 빨리 잡았는데 그 뒤에 게스트가 없으니 머물고싶은 만큼 머물고 가도 된다고 말씀해주셔서 하루 더 편히 머물고 갈 수 있었습니다 미국에서 그런 정을 느끼고 갈 지 몰랐습니다 Enjoyed this nice and affordable room ..I also enjoyed the company of the other roommates who were also travelers as me! Andy was very helpful in making my reservation, checking-in and staying very convenient. Although I havent met him in person, but he was always available for any thing I needed .. A great host, a great bed, and overall great stay for my time in New York. I was lucky to be here, very thankful! I was nervous because it was my first AirBnB, but I was welcomed at check in and had a blast  Yep It is a nice room and i met extremely friendly people during my stay Five stars...! The subway is very close, the house is very clean. Alex is a great host, kind, helped me a lot.! The best house on Rbnb.  Place conveniently located near the subway station. Ideal for people looking for a cheap and frugal place to stay in Brooklyn Lappartamento dista a 2 minuti a piedi dalla metropolitana che porta fino a Manhattan. I ragazzi della casa sono molto discreti ed estremamente disponibili. Larredo è da classica casetta americana. Molto carina. Consigliato ! =) Didnt really see Andy or his roommate much as I was gone for most of the day. Overall, Andys place was comfortable and convenient! Would definitely stay there again! Andy was very quick to answer to all my questions before the trip and he was very helpful and easy to communicate with. The place was nice and perfectly located and it was easy to travel everywhere by metro, Citibike etc.   It was cool to meet people from different places and Andy´s friend Alex was a great host giving us tips where to go and what to see. I would definitely use Andy´s place again! Very close to subway.  The room was very comfortable.  There are likely to be other airbnb guests.  Bathroom is shared by house guests and (Hidden by Airbnb) and could do with more cleaning.   Good price and close to city. It is a nice house just 2 minutes away from the subway. To go to Manhattan takes around 15 to 20 minutes. The house has all that you need, large bedroom, shower, kitchen and a nice livingroom. The people are very friendly! Good value for your money!  u wont regret it Bed was comfortable, house was close to the subway and in an area of Brooklyn with loads of bars and restaurants, I had a great stay here and would definitely stay again! Its basically just as their info described, conveniently located, chill atmosphere, cool people. Had some nice conversations with some other guys living here. Good place.  Very close to public transport. The guys who libe in the house are welcoming, nice and respectful. Awesome place for staying in NY! Quite place in Brooklyn, close to subway, shops, bars and restaurants. Host is very polite and sociable, apartment is clean and cozy) my recommendation to everyone who wants to stay in NY and save money) Great location by the subway. Was on a work trip and this just made it so fluid and easy. Wasn’t at the house much but was very grateful for the reasonably priced place! Check in and check out was easy! Had a great time in New York and found Andy to be a really nice guy, hospitable host, and always keen to help. I had a problem with the light in the room but Andy immediately fixed it. Theres a lot of construction work going on in the street but if you arent a light sleeper its not much to worry about. Room was always nice and warm and a friendly house feel. Brooklyn is a great neighbourhood to stay in, even better than Manhattan IMO as you have easy access to places like Williamsburg and the waterfront with great ease. Thanks to Andy & Friends I had a pleasant stay in the city.  Really cool place with super nice vibe, and the most valuable thing, it was so quiet that I had a good night of sleep. The place looks even better than is shown in the pictures. There was not issues whatsoever. Id definitely recommend this place. Thanks guys! Great place to stay, easy access to the subway to get into Manhattan, everything you could need in the house is there, felt like home from home."	1
520	"Deborah and her roommates were great! Staying with them felt more than an Airbnb stay - we are around the same age so we were able to connect on a personal level! The apartment is in a great neighborhood and is quiet and safe. Will definitely stay here again the next time I need a place in Manhattan! I was staying at Deborahs place just for 1 day and it was great! I havent met her in person, but I met her (Hidden by Airbnb) Blessing and Evangeline. Girls were friendly, talkative and helpful, they truly made me feel very welcomed at their home! The location of the apartment is amazing (view over night Manhattan on another side is gorgeous), easy reachable, with several supermarkets nearby. The flat was clean and well organised. Highly recommend!   Wonderful place, wonderful neighborhood and wonderful host! Beautiful night scenery of East River. You can luckily have many chances to take the tram in the morning or at night. Its my first Airbnb experience and its AMAZING!!!!!!!!! Totally fall in love with Roosevelt Island. Highly recommend the lovely room, the friendly people, the nice environment and the peaceful atmosphere here for you! Deborah and her roommates are wonderful!! They are always kind and friendly!! Apartment is very very good location, clean, quiet and comfortable. Its perfect!! I stayed about 2weeks and I felt right at home. It was the first time for me to visit Roosevelt Island. There is beautiful scenery and useful free shuttle bus in the island. To go to Manhattan, you can go easily by using subway or Roosebelt Island Tram. Im sure to choose Deborahs house again when I go to NY next time. Roosevelt Island is beautiful location. Unfortunately I havent met Deborah, but her roommates are very nice girls always willing to help. The week I spent here was amazing. Everything is exactly as on pictures, location is safe and big grocery shop is just few minutes away. Roosevelt island tram is great and subway is also few minutes walking. Definitely great place to stay in NY. Cant wait to come back! I definitely recommend it. A very clean and well organized flat near subway and tramway which bring me to the center of Manhatten in a very short time and is very convenient for travelers without a car. Although I didnt meet Deborah she and her roommate Eva respond quickly when I had questions. Very warm host and thanks again! A lovely place to stay! Great hosts, nice clean apt, great location! Eva has given me a instruction on Time how I can get in the apartment.  The talks with Eva and her roommate were very lively and interesting.  The beef soup of Eva and the dinner was great!  Thanks a lot for the hosting. Ive enjoyed this nice experience.  Deborah was not home but has send me messages on time. I couldnt have hoped for a better 1st airbnb experience! I appear to be ""one of the lucky ones"" to have been able to meet Deborah before she left on her travels. Blessing was an enormous help in getting me situated and Eva was very nice as well. I was there for 3 days during the work week, so I didnt really get a chance to hang out with them as I was normally asleep in the loft by the time the arrived home. The island was perfect for my Midwestern need of green space & you cant beat that tram ride! Despite my terrible sense of direction I hope theyll be kind enough to host me again in the future :) Thanks ladies, you rocked! great stay Roosevelt island is a nice and quiet place, really close to Mahnattan. The girls are nice ( specially Blessing who was worried when i was late because of the train) The apartment is clean and convenient. Even though I did not meet Deborah, her roommate Blessing made me feel right at home. She was so lovely and we had a great time talking. She even made some delicious baklava and shared it with me. The place is just as described and for your convenience, there are post-its everywhere with instructions, from where to find things to the wifi password and how to recycle. I loved it! The bed was so comfy and the apartment was very clean. They even have an eye mask and earplugs to keep you asleep while the roommates leave for work in the morning (since you will be sleeping in the common area). Communication with Deborah and Blessing was always quick and courteous. I recommend this place to anyone who wants to do a solo trip to NYC!  It was great, I really enjoyed staying here! Much more convenient into the city than it appears at first glance (I recommend the subway over the tram to get back and forth, but the ride is worth taking once for the view) and provided a very welcome respite from the craziness of ComicCon. Blessing was very accommodating and helpful. The host was kind and gracious. Very helpful in giving directions. The room is exactly as in the picture. Roosevelt Island is beautiful. I would definitely stay again. I had a great time in New York thanks to Deborah and her roommate Blessing. Girls were nice and provided me with some advice how to move around the city and what to see. Appartment looked just like in the pictures and I must say that Roosevelt Island is a nice and safe locality. its a nice apartment, quiet and comfortable for sleeping. Deborah and her flat mate are nice. the location is unique, have a great view of the city but the F train through the island didnt work in the weekend when i was there so the only way to get out the island is by the tram since the taxi is rarely found in the island. I had such an incredible stay with these lovely ladies on Roosevelt island. I felt at home for the week I spent there. So easy to get to Manhattan via subway, in a city thats buzzing with things to do. I would definitely stay again!! X Lovely little nook away from the bustle of the city. Nice walking around the island, and easy to get to the subway or tram.  For my first ever Airbnb experience, I had the most amazing stay here! The apartment is exactly as advertised, and the bedding and living space were more than comfortable. Deborahs roommates Blessing and Eva made me feel welcome from the moment I arrived, and were super accommodating and easy to contact throughout my trip. As I was travelling solo during my time in NY, they were even kind enough to invite me along to their Thanksgiving celebrations! The location is also great value with Roosevelt Island only a few stops away from central Manhattan area on the F train. Would stay here again in a heartbeat! The apartment is nice and cozy. Both the couch and bed are so comfortable to sleep on. The hosts are lovely girls. I would live here again if I visit NY again. This is a safe, quiet, and affordable place to stay and the wonderful, hospitable hosts just make it even better. They are some of the most generous and kind people I have ever met and my 3 week stay here was something Ill remember forever. The space was exactly as pictured and both the bunkbed and the futon are very comfortable. Also, everything is so well labeled in the apartment that I never had an issue finding what I needed. The island itself is tiny and quiet, but its a quick train ride to Manhattan or Queens if youre wanting more nightlife. I was here working, so I enjoyed escaping all the people in the city and having a safe getaway. There are children, dogs, and police officers everywhere and I never once felt unsafe on the island. I often took walks late at night and still felt perfect safe. Definitely recommend this place to any single woman coming to New York!  When I visited, Deborah was out of town. However, her roommate, Blessing, was very accomodating. I picked up the keys from her in Manhattan and took the F train to the island. The apartment was very easy to find. Everything was labeled and exactly as described. I would recommend this place for solo travellers who want to crash in a comfy apartment close to the city. I would definitely love to stay there again next time I visit. Thank you ladies for a wonderful stay! Deborahs place was a great find! Blessing was a very friendly and hospitable host. The place was clean, check-in time was very flexible, and staying here gives you a feeling like home. Highlight was the location - as Roosevelt Island is an absolutely beautiful place with a nice city view. Public transit is also very convenient here, which makes it a great choice for travelers who are here looking to sight-see and to explore the city. The island is very quiet yet safe, and you can take the opportunity on riding on the tram which is a fun alternative for getting over to Manhattan. thumbs up ! The location of the flat makes it very easy and fast to go to Manhattan. Roosevelt Island offers everything you may need (grocery store, pharmacy, starbucks...). It is a quiet and safe island. The hosts were nice and friendly. It was so comfortable and neighborhood was so quiet. Appartment was so close to the F train which directly goes to city center in 10minuts. So important point is girls traveling alone like me can stay here comfortable and secure. Cuz appartment located in Main street so you dont have to worry even if you come soooo late hour. I had a very pleasant time here, Blessing explained everything to me upon arrival, and everything was as described. The island is very quiet and safe, with easy access to the subway system.  Great house. Warm people. Deborahs roommate Eva was there and her hospitality was wonderful. Easy access to Manhattan and I will definitely stay again on my next visit.  They are very nice people and really calm place to stay.   Nice to know them in NY. I probably make a reservation when I come to New York again.  This is a good place for its price, since its ""affordable"" we are all happy to be BNBs :)   It was wonderful vacation in New York. Deborah’s area is clean and have everything you needs.  Eva and Blessing are friendly and always ready to help. And I fell in love with this island, so cozy clean and absolutely safe. Manhattan can be reached in 5 minutes by subway or by cable car (with stunning views)) very glad that I chose these apartments. I recommend! Roomies were fantastic and really sweet. They made us baklava for me and my twins birthday! Location was easy to get to. Accommodation was clean. Wi-Fi was excellent.  :) Roosevelt island is amazing. It is close to Manhattan and everything you would like to visit in nyc... but you are on an isle! Theres a beautiful view on ny, especially at night. The f line is really close to the apartment and also if u travel alone the island is very safe. The girls are really nice. Explain everything you want to know.  The bed is in the corridor but it is really comfortable.  I would recommend you this apartment It was such a wonderful stay on Roosebelt Island! Blessing was a kind, helpful, caring and warm-hearted person and I really enjoyed the 4 nights of my stay at her apartment. She was always responsive of my questions,  helped me get around the city and even lended me her nice, beautiful sweater to keep me warm. Her roommate Eva was also very helpful. And as a nice surprise, another guest Fuong from Austrailia helped me find the best coffee in NY and we had some great conversation! The island was nice and safe, and also very close to Manhatten. I felt totally safe when I came back from NYCT Ballet at Lincoln Center at 10:30pm. There are delies and grocery stores nearby which open mostly all the time, so it was easy to find something to eat (NY panini at the closest deli was really good!). And F Train on the island connects you easily through Manhatten and Brooklyn.  I would definately stay again when I come back to New York.  Atout de l appartement est la proximité de Manhanttan. It is clean and tidy. flexible time arrangement. I didnt meet Deborah in person, but her roommate is super kind and helpful. Considering the price range, Im satisfied with my stay there. Its also very close to everything in NYC. However, the building had a strange smell in the hallway, and about halftime of my stay was like that. Luckily, that smell was only in the hallway, and inside the apartment was good. The apartment is convenient to take trains to visit different attractions. Even though I came so late, Blessing was patient to contact me until I got there. Thanks for your informative guidance during my stay.  Great place to stay. Nice neighborhood, really close to the F train.  Deborah war nicht meine Ansprechperson, Blessing hat alles geregelt. Sie war sehr entgegenkommend und freundlich und hat ihre 15min Pause geopfert, damit wir an unsere Schlüssel kommen konnten. Mit ihr zu sprechen, war jedes mal ein Vergnügen. In ihrer Wohnung haben wir im Gang in einem Hochbett (hinter einem Vorhang) und auf einem Sofa geschlafen. Die erste Nacht war etwas anstrengend, weil ein anderer Gast nachts immer wieder über unsere Koffer gefallen ist, als sie im Partymodus mehrfach in und aus der Wohnung gegangen ist. Zudem gab es ein kleines Missverständnis mit dem Bettbezug für das Sofa. Dieses hat Blessing am nächsten Morgen aber aufgelöst und uns zudem einen Ventilator spendiert. Der weitere Gast war in der zeiten Nacht auch zu erschöpft um weiter Party zu machen, so dass die zweite Nacht angenehm war. Die Lage der Wohnung ist der Hammer. Roosevelt Island ist sehr ruhig aber nur wenige Minuten von Queens und Manhatten entfernt und per U-Bahn, Gondel, per Auto oder zu Fuß erreichbar. Es gibt drei Supermäkte nur drei Gehminuten von der Wohnung entfernt. Die Skyline von Manhatten, die von der Uferpromenade zu sehen ist, ist wunderschön. Wir wurden auf diese Weise und durch Blessings Liebenswürdigkeit für die leichten Unannehmlichkeiten der ersten Nacht entschädigt. Ich wünsche Blessing viel Erfolg bei ihrer Forschung! Great value for NYC. Check in time was very flexible which helped to recover from my jet lag and checking out anytime was also convenient allowing me to avoid the rain as much as I could.   The temperature is set to 85 degrees however there are fans available. I have not slept on a futon since college so I tossed and turned through out the night.   Be cautious with the shower, make sure the shower curtain is properly lined inside or the water will start seeping out to the bathroom tiles.   Overall the location away from noise and light was perfect for us.   We rarely saw or spoke to any of the host yet Blessing communicated with me via airbnb which was convenient.  I thoroughly enjoyed my short, 2 night stay here. Everything in the space is labeled, which was very helpful, and the bed/mattress were VERY comfy. Take advantage of the clip fan up there! The space was clean, tidy, and welcoming. They were very accommodating, providing towels, extra sheets, and various toiletries. I would highly recommend staying here. どんな家なのかしっかり確認した方がいいです。 道が分かりにくいです。 Pretty clean and quiet. This was the perfect place to stay! Everything was clean and very comfortable. I slept deeply in the wonderful bed. Excellent kitchen! Great bathroom! I loved Blessing who took care of me during my stay. She was professional, available, kind and welcoming. I loved staying on Roosevelt Island!!! It was so easy to go to into Manhattan - a 7 min. very fun tram ride to 2nd Ave. and 60th Street with fantastic views!!! It was so much fun. What an amazing price! I extended my stay to enjoy everything more! One night we watched an outdoor movie on Roosevelt Island in the park! I had privacy and felt safe, secure, peaceful and inspired. I will definitely stay here again! Thank you soooooo much for such a very lovely stay! Ich war 4 Tage auf Roosevelt Island.  Super Lage, in wenigen Minuten entweder mit der Metro oder der Tram (= Seilbahn mit tollen Blick, im Metroticket inkl.) in Manhattan, dennoch durch die Insellage ein sehr schöner Ruhepol abseits des NYer Stresses. Seit neusten gibt es wohl auch eine Fähre, die ich selbst aber nicht genutzt habe. Auf der Insel ist zudem ein Supermarkt (Preise nur wenig höher) neben kleineren Lebensmittelmärkten als auch einige Restaurants und ein Starbucks vorhanden. Man kann sich aber auch to Go Essen mit auf die Insel bringen, und dieses dann an einen der zahlreichen Sitzmöglichkeiten mit toller Aussicht auf Manhattan verzehren.  Da das Bett, wie in der Anzeige angegeben, im Flur steht, hört man natürlich ankommende/ verlassende Personen. Jedoch war Blessing mglst darauf bedacht, leise zu sein. Es stehen auch eine Schlafmaske und Ohrstöpsel zur Verfügung. Die Küche und auch die Badartikel waren reichhaltig ausgestattet. Die Mädchen sind sehr herzlich und man fühlt sich sehr willkommen. Auf der Insel kann man sich auch als Mädchen allein unbesorgt frei bewegen. Sie ist sehr sicher, selbst nach Einbruch der Dunkelheit.  Ich würde jederzeit wieder hier übernachten. Die Kommunikation war immer sehr schnell und hilfreich. Das Schlafzimmer/ Wohnzimmer ist klein aber sauber und falls man nicht zuviele Koffer dabei hat, ist auch genug Stauraum vorhanden. Das Bett selber ist super bequem (ich schlief wie auf Wolken) und die Küche ist mit allem nötigem ausgestattet.  Jedoch muss erwähnt werden, dass die Unterkunft für eine Person mit leichtem Schlaf ""zu laut"" sein mag, da die Wände sehr dünn sind und man leicht die Nachbarn vorbei gehen hören kann. Da dies mich jedoch nicht störte, kann ich die Unterkunft von Deborah & Blessing empfehlen und würde auch selber wieder hier zurückkehren. Quiet, low key place to stay in New York. Deborahs apartment is lovely! It is very clean, centrally located, with a comfortable bed and Deborahs roommate, Blessing, was a wonderful host. I would absolutely stay here again! Such a great place to stay for solo female travelers! Very safe area and wonderful host! Deborah and Blessings apartment is a real gem! This was my second stay and it was wonderful. I highly recommend this wonderful spot with a lovely host! ルーズベルトアイランドは、とても静かで過ごしやすかったです ニューヨークが一望できるトラムウェイは最高でした 島の中は静かで、緑も多く マンハッタンの喧騒から帰ってくるとホッとします  ホストはとても明るく親切で 沢山話ができて楽しかったです  お部屋はアジアの人には馴染み深い作りなので、あまり海外に来た感じはないかもしれませんが  マンハッタンに毎日アクセスする必要があるけれど、静かなところで過ごしたい方におすすめです  スーパーには日本食、韓国、中国と 食材が充実していました 住人もアジア系の方がわりといる印象でした Blessing was an amazing host.  She was easy and quick to respond. She gave us great tips and recommendations. Loved her place! Even though its not in the heart of the city, her place was the perfect place to stay if youre visiting NYC. Close and easy access to the bus and metro and quiet with a beautiful view of East Manhattan.  Definitely recommended if you need a place to sleep and touring NYC for a couple days. Recommend! Its the second time I stay here. The host is so nice and the room is pretty good! The place is easy to find. It’s a small island next to Manhattan. Very quiet, clean, safe area to spend the night. Perfect to get away from the city & have peace at night. I hardly spent any time in the apt other than sleep at night so it was perfect place just to rest your head. The building itself is quiet & need keys to access building so it felt safe. it didn’t feel like I was sharing the apt, I hardly saw anyone or heard noises so you have a lot of privacy.  Not much to do on the island but the view is amazing. It’s close to Train/transportation It’s 5-10 min away from Manhattan on train. Im glad i stayed here & not the main city. I definitely recommend this place & i would come back. The host is reachable by phone message & replies fast if you have any questions. Thank you Blessing for having me & making me feel comfortable!! The house is very warm and clean.  Its location is safe even at night.  Deborah and Blessing are both reliable.  I highly recomend this place This was a great place to stay as a 21 year old female traveling alone. I felt very safe throughout my stay. The location is fantastic- its 10 minutes from the apartment to the Lexington Av-63rd St. subway station. Only Blessing was there while I was staying, and she was incredibly hospitable, friendly and helpful. The shared room is in their living room, but the bed is behind a curtain so there is still a lot of privacy. This is a great place to stay for an amazing price. This was my second time staying with Blessing. Love the location and how close it is to the train."	1
521	"We had a great stay in New York! Our room (and the whole flat) was very nice and cozy. It was clean and we had everything we needed. Also our hosts were very friendly and helped us to get around:) would definitely recommend it! Pablo and Lili were really great hosts!! I defenitly recommend this place!  It was exactly as described in the pictures, clean and 5 mins walk from subway station that tooks you to Time Square in 20 mins!  The hosts were very helpful and welcoming, really nice with us. It was a nice area and safe... close to stores, restaurants, bars... I was there with my sister and we loved the area, room and our hosts! so do not hesitate if your are looking for airbnb in New York!!!  We really felt as at home :) It is as well really easy to get there from the airport. The situation of the flat is really convenient if you want to visit New York!  I never met Grisula as she was traveling abroad but her partner, Pablo, was wonderful, warm, welcoming and very informative about the neighborhood.  He immediately took charge of finding a parking place on the next block that would be secure for the whole weekend. He insisted that the neighborhood was very safe.  I believed him and never felt uneasy, even walking home 3 blocks after dark alone. Thanks, Pablo, for an excellent experience. Es war alles sehr gut es werden 2 Räume vermietet es ist nur 1 Bad für die Gäste vorhanden aber das war kein Problem.Die Metro Station ist 5 Minuten entfernt Linie 2+3 Station 125 Straße man ist in 20 Minuten in Manhattan.Ich würde wieder hier übernachten.Paplo und seine Frau waren super nett . Comfortable beds, flexible owners, and easy to communicate. Thanks again ! One of the best AirBnBs Ive stayed at. Comfort of living, location, price and hospitality was out of this world! I will be returning to NYC soon... and when I do, I know where I want to stay! Thank you again so much! :) It was great! Very near to the subway station! Good and safe neiborhood. The hosts and house great! Very good stay.  We were very happy with our stay at Grisula. The hosts are very nice and welcoming, and have tons of advice ready. The rooms were tidy and clean, and perfect for sleeping. The place is also very conveniently located to explore NYC. Would recommend ! We really enjoyed our stay there.  Pablo and his family made us feel very welcome.  The room was clean and cozy.  The location was only a couple blocks from the subway, bus stops, stores and restaurants.  We would stay there again if we get back to NYC. Good for two people traveling in NYC. Safe and quiet. Great place! The family was very welcoming and very helpful. I would recommend this home for anyone coming to NYC. This is our first Airbnb experience and it turned out to be wonderful! Grisula responded to every message we sent and this greatly resolved our anxiety before this trip. During our stay, Pablo was very patient and gave us very useful advice to make this trip even better. Their place is very cozy and neat, with easy access to public transportation. I would definitely recommend this apartment to every friend whos gonna visit NYC!  Muy buena ubicación cerca del metro, Pablo y Grisula son muy amables y serviciales en todo momento. 10/10 We had a fantastic and warm stay at Grisulas place! The neighborhood is safe and we definitely recommend you to choose this Airbnb for your stay. Muy lindo lugar, ubicado cerca del metro. Pablo y Grisula nos atendieron muy bien. Pablo se tomo el trabajo de darnos un monton de consejos y recomendaciones el primer dia que llegamos . Y ambos estaban para cada cosa que necesitamos.  Muchas gracias! Grisula and Pablo were excellent hosts. They picked us up at the airport, offered suggestions for seeing the city and were gracious throughout our stay. Excellent communication and a clean room right in the heart of Harlem. Easy walk into downtown and looks to see and eat nearby. Perfect for our stopover. Thank you!!!  The Harlem apartment was very conveniently located, clean, and provided necessities that people may have forgotten (razors, brush, etc). We were able share their common spaces such as the kitchen and use their kitchen amenities as we needed which was very handy so we didnt have to bring our own. The animals in the home were very cute, welcoming and quiet. Unfortunately that atmosphere of the place came up short. We found Pablo very nice, welcoming and funny however Grisula came across as impatient and annoyed. During our first night there we arrived after a 10 hour bus ride and were rather tired. We tried to go to bed but some of the family members remained outside our room chatting until about 12-1. This made it very hard for us to fall asleep. We went out during our second night until rather late. We were hoping to sleep in the next morning but were awoken to Grisula cleaning the other room that she has with Airbnb. She was vacuuming, scrubbing the bathroom, and changing the bedding at 8 am although people cannot check in until after noon. Some of the expectations of the place were not clearly explained or outlined to us before we arrived. Based on how the room light switch and plug works we accidentally shut off the mini ridge in the bedroom and Grisula seemed very irritated by this and in a very snarky tone and rude facial expression told us not to do that again. Grisula preferred that the toilet lid be shut and told us on a few occasions to close it. The tone used to tell us was not polite. On our last full day we accidentally had an issue with the bed frame panels slipping out. Grisula seemed very annoyed and expressed that this had never happened and she doesnt understand why it happened. We explained that one of us simply sat on the bed and the panels shifted enough to fall out of place. She did not seem happy with the response and left the room quickly. Throughout the stay Grisula didnt make eye contact with us, ignored us, didnt make small talk or offer up suggestions on places to visit. We tended to try and remain in our room as an attempt to not appear as a bother.  Unfortunately we will not be returning to this Airbnb for these reasons. We had a fabulous time in New York but felt like a burden within their home. We hope that future visitors will have a more positive experience with the hosts than we had.  Very clean, short walk to the subway, the entire family is very nice. I would book this again!!! This room was the perfect choice for us at NY. The apartment is really well located, right in the heart of Harlem, very close to subway (less than 10 min walking) that will take take you directly to downtown. The room and the bathroom were very clean and exactly as shown in pictures. Pablo was a great host for us (we didnt meet Grisula), giving us a lot of great tips on the night we arrived and meeting us in the street as we were lost. My friend and I definitely recommend this apartment to everyone whos gonna visit NY! A plus: two adorable pets in the house :)  Grisula was not there while I was there but she did have friends watching the place who were EXTREMELY helpful in recommendations for things to do. They made my first trip to New York quite a rememberable one! We felt very welcome in the house. Pablo and Grisula wanted to make sure that we had a good time in New York, so when we arrived Pablo sat down with us in the kitchen and gave us good advice on what to do and where to eat. There are many good restaurants in the neighborhood and very close to both metro and bus. The M2 bus stop is practically just 1 min walk away and takes you straight down 5th avenue. Overall we had a very good stay! éjour passé dans ce nid douillet et  Everything was excellent at Grisulas place. Highly recommened! We had a great stay!  There was some miscommunication about our arrival time, which resulted in us sitting on the steps in front of the house, tired and sweaty. We tried calling Grisula, but she didnt pick up the phone. With the help of a very friendly neighbour, we finally managed to get hold of Pablo, who apologized for the misunderstanding. After that, we had a great stay. The place is near several subway stations and the neighbourhood is full of shops and cafes. Id definitely recommend this place!  We had a good stay with Grisula and her family. Everyone was friendly and responsive. The location is walkable and convenient if you want to explore or hop on the bus or train to other locations. We did have an issue with not being able to lock our door, which my companion wasnt comfortable with, but the neighborhood is felt safe and is well lit. I would stay here again. It was a cute place with very comfortable beds, loved the place. Just wish there was a more comfortable location.  Accommodation was as stated. Pablo & Lily were very nice & gave information on where to go & what to see. great family, helpful and accesible. Location was close to bus/subway stops  The room was exactly what we hoped and expected. It was clean, the A/C unit worked wonderfully, the fridge was a big help, and the although our host was away, we were well taken care of. I would definitely stay there again. If you are looking for good value on a budget trip to New York this is recommendable. Just remember you are staying in a rougher part of Manhattan. After some check in trouble everything worked out great with our hosts. Logement bien distribué par les transports en commun, bus à 2 pas, métro à 5mn. Quartier animé  et pittoresque mais logement rue très calme pas de problème de sécurité.  A 2 pas du fameux restaurant Sylvias . Pablo est un hôte d une gentillesse et d une attention particulière.  Parfait endroit pour parcourir la ville. My friend and I stayed at here when we came to NYC for a few days. The location was excellent (very close to the number 3 train), a good bang for your buck. Our hosts were very friendly and helpful. I would definitely stay here again. Pablo und seine Frau waren nette und offene Gastgeber die zu jeder Zeit hilfreiche Tipps für uns hatten. Das Zimmer ist sehr groß  und geräumig und wir fühlten uns während unserem Aufenthalt immer sehr wohl. Lo recomiendo mucho, esta cerca a medios de transporte y la amabilidad del anfitrión es excelente ya que si es la primera vez que viajas a Nueva York, te brindan los mejores consejos. This was the perfect trip. We knew we were not going to at home a bunch with all the sight seeing todo so the cost was great. And the bedroom was perfect for my best friend and i. Very friendly and helpful The most friendly host ever. Pablo and his girlfriend made us feel at home. Very helpful, warm and easygoing people. Great experience to stay in Harlem. Very safe and friendly area. Ill for sure come back when I come to NYC again. My best recommendation. They gave us good recommendations about what to do in our limited time. Great place, great host, close to everything that is important and a great price. Loved it! Thats a great place! I reccomend! The room is clean and the house is near subway! Pablo was very helpful to give us a lot of recommendation to visit around New York Its a very calm quartier in Harlem. We were there for 8 days and it was very close to the Center of the subway for going downtown. In addition, we received so much information about where we can get some nice food and where we can find special ""non touristic"" places. ;) My sister and I were completely satisfyed about our staying by Pablo and our trip to New York City. Thanks a lot for having been a part of our unforgettable trip. Everything was ok, there was not even one problem La estancia en casa de Pablo fue de lo mejor! El y su familia son anfitriones muy atentos. Se toman el tiempo para explicarte cada detalle según tus expectativas del viaje. El acceso al transporte es muy sencillo, el metro a tres cuadras y el bus a una. Fuimos muy felices!! Pablo gave us very good tips about what to do and where to go. The position is not far from the center and few minutes walking from the metro station We had an excellent stay in Harlem - Pablo responded quickly to messages and was very friendly and helpful. The apartment is in a fun, lively and safe neighborhood and fairly close to several subway stops that take you right downtown. We would definitely recommend this place to others! We feel like at home definitely I recommend this places I would highly recommend this Airbnb accommodation. The hospitality provided by Grisulas family during our stay was excellent. Pablo in particular provided my daughter and I with some very useful tips and advice for our trip in New York. I have been using Airbnb for a number of trips and this accommodation did not disappoint in any way. Many thanks to Grisula and her family. Great people, great location, great everything!"	1
522	Great place! Very confortable appartment, the best is the location. Ghillerme is a very nice guy and helps you a lot! The host canceled this reservation 6 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. No coffee maker, no TV, no range, no wifi. Not very clean. But location close to Time Square. The apartment is simple and clean, but you can’t beat the neighborhood it’s in. Plenty of food options/nightlife and access to sites. Guilherme was an attentive host. Overall good experience.	0
523	Weve spent 7 nights at Letizias and we highly recommend choosing her apartment for a stay in New York. First of all, the location was perfect - just four blocks to metro lines and a few minutes walk do Central Park. Lovely and safe neighborhood with plenty of shops and restaurants nearby.  The whole place looked exactly like on attached pictures - it was bright, elegant and very clean. We got different room than the one on the photos. Nevertheless, it was spacious, comfortable and also with private bathroom.  When comes to the kitchen, even though Letizia restricts usage of the kitchen for cooking, we could still use the fridge, coffee machine etc. Breakfast was much better than anticipated; Letizia tried hard to make us feel like home and was serving every day American-style dishes, which were absolutely amazing. The building has private rooftop deck (29th floor) with breathtaking view.  Letizia as a host was very kind, friendly and helpful. Always ready to talk and give any advices and recommendations.  We really enjoyed our stay! Letizia is a wonderful host with an awesome apartment on the Upper East Side. It was very clean and we even got breakfast. We loved staying at Letizias Apartment! She was friendly and very welcoming as soon as we arrived. Our travels plans changed whilst we were away due to weather situations and Letizia had contacted me early to make sure we were safe and if we needed anything. The room was lovely and clean with a private bathroom. An excellent location with a doorman and elevator service. We were blown away by Letizias hospitality, great knowledge of local restaurants, subway lines and local sightseeing! She even made us a superb breakfast. Thankyou so much again Letizia was an amazing host- friendly, welcoming and even made us breakfast on her own time. Subway is no more than 2 blocks away either side and the area is full of great shops and restaurants and feels very safe. Central park is a 5 minute walk down the street too. Cant recommend enough. LETIZIA IS GREAT HOST, ROOM IS SO NICE AND CLEAN, SHE IS VERY HELPFULL AND MAKES REALLY GOOD BREAKFAST! ALSO THE APT IS VERY NEAR TO EVERYTHING AND IS ON A VERY GOOD AREA, BEST HOST WE HAVE BEEN THANKS FOR EVERYTHING LETIZIA!! NEXT TIME WE TRAVEL TO NYC WE WILL LOOK AFTER YOU !!! GRACIAS ! 100 RECOMENDABLE!	1
524	"Great location to be in New York City since its practically adjacent to Little Italy and Chinatown! I got an original cabin which is TINY. I stayed there fortnight but I sleep well. For me its cheap and the location is perfect, which is right in SOHO. Ill def go back.  Super tiny small room, bed bugs, not so clean and people at the reception are not customers minded. I dont recommand it Prepare to sleep in a 4x8 ft room without a ceiling among dozens of other ""rooms"". Wifi is also not secure. However, the rooftop is nice. Place was all i needed. Small but clean felt safe The rooms were tiny but it was expected.  I stayed at The Bowery House for 6 nights and loved the whole experience. My room was clean and minimal - I had everything I needed. The communal areas were spacious and relaxed. The staff were exceptionally helpful and friendly. Thank you! Ill be back! A great budget place for single travelers.  Spartan accommodations in a great neighborhood.  Excellent for young people who wont spend time in their rooms Great location!! Not exactly what I was expecting. But a pretty place if you only a place to lay your head and shower! Bien pour une nuit ou deux The cabin was pretty small, as i expected. It was fairly clean. Washrooms and shower room were most of the time clean as well. They have only one privet washroom, so sometimes i had to line up for it. The biggest issue i had was that i couldnt connect to wifi and no one could fix that problem for me (i never had problems with wifi connection anywhere else). And cabin doors are very loud when you shut them, so you can hear people going in and out of their cabins at night which could be disturbing for light sleepers like myself. Super convent, easy check in clean, bed was comfy. Last minute booking that worked out perfectly. Thank you!"	0
525	"Adrianos place was really a great find. Clean, modern, great location, everything we needed was there. We practically lived there alone, cause the host was staying at his girlfriends place or working most of the time. Adriano is very friendly and reliable, he always told us to let him know if we needed anything.We felt really safe and comfort. Shops,groceries,restaurants,metro station, laundry- everything is just around the corner.Neighborhood was safe and quiet. Definitely will stay there again when visiting NY.  Everything was perfect during the 6 nights we spent at Adrianos. The flat is super nice and clean and just a block away from the metro going to Manhattan quickly and to JFK airport. Adriano is a great host and we would definitely stay at his place again anytime!  My host was not present during my stay. However he was in easy contact before and during and any problems that arose I was able to contact him with a very prompt reply. Adriano was so happy to give me recommendations of places to eat and drink both in Brooklyn and in Manhattan. I’m really sorry we didnt get to cross paths!    The listing was exactly as it was described. I had an air conditioner in my room which was a god sent. It was late spring/ early summer and it still got very warm in the apartment. The bed was so comfortable and the shower amazing. I suggest keeping your eye mask from the airplane as the morning sun is beautiful but bright! One other thing, the apartment is on the 4th floor, all stairs, no elevator. This wasnt an issue for me but if youre travelling with someone who has walking problems or massive amounts of luggage, this could be tricky. However you only really need to go up and down once with your luggage!     The neighbourhood is very suburban, lots of families, working class. I felt this is how the everyday American lives. The J subway is literally a 1 minute walk away. One weekend the J was down and so I did some commuting from home (Kosciuszko St) to the L subway (DeKalb Ave). It was only a 15-20 minute walk away and easy to do during the day. The L takes you straight into new Brooklyn where Bedford Avenue seems to be ‘the’ place to go. The apartment neighbourhood doesnt really have cafes or shopping on your doorstep. However there is a great Chinese takeaway and a couple of supermarkets near the subway. If youre after that immediate proximity to shopping, then this may not be the place for you. However Adriano has priced the accommodation so reasonably that for me, a little commuting to and from the apartment was well worth it for the good nights sleep and clean apartment that I came home to. Plus Brooklyn is such a diverse area to explore. I felt being off the island meant it wasnt a struggle to see both. Lower Manhattan is only 20 minutes away where you can shop to your hearts content! Coming home on the subway at night over the Williamsburg Bridge was amazing! Thanks for a lovely visit Adriano, catch you for an ice cream next time! The room is great with a big comfy bed and the rest of the apartment is lovely and clean. We met Adriano a few times who was very welcoming and helpful. Recommended!  Adriano es un amor, estuve allí 15 días y la experiencia fue muy agradable. Siempre estuvo dispuesto  a colaborar. Todo muy limpio ,el apto posee todo lo necesario para una  estadía completa, el subway a una sola cuadra, varios supermercados en la zona donde se puede comprar de todo, el vecindario bastante tranquilo, sin duda volvería a hospedarme en el apto de Adriano :)) Amazing and very clean apartment. Located a two minute walk from the J subway train. Quite neighborhood with laundromat around the corner. I would highly recommend people stay here!  Weve stayed for 6 days in Adrianos place and it was very pleasant. Adriano is very receptive, welcoming and good adviser though we didnt have much time to talk as hes always out.  His place is located 1-2 minutes walk from Kosciuszko Street Station, which is very nice to get home/Manhattan fast. Neighborhood may look strange but its nice, safe and no need to be afraid of anything (just be normal cautious as you’d in your living place).  Apartment is clean, room has air-conditioned which is a must. Only thing to point out, which is a must improve and not a negative note, is the bathroom cleaning should be made more regularly. I would recommend Adrianos place for anyone and if I return there I would stay on this place. Staying in Adrianos apartment was great. Clean and comfortable, a block away from supermarket, deli shops, laundry and subway station. He provided every thing needed for a pleasant stay. I stayed with Adriano for three months while I was working in the city. The apartment is super convenient for the subway, spotlessly clean and beautifully decorated. Adriano is a kind and generous host, who was always checking in to make sure I had everything I needed and offering to make a pharmacy run when I got sick. I would definitely stay with him again. Thanks so much!  We had a great time there! Adriano is a very nice guy, we didnt see him many times but that was okay. His apartment is really beautiful, we felt like home after a few days and its very clean. Its close to the metro and a supermarket (just 1-2min). And the way to Manhattan with the metro is easy and can be interesting (we saw some street dancer many times ).  Were happy that we stayed there! I stayed at Adrianos for 2 months. The room and apartment were great. Everything was kept clean and tidy and the apartment is located just a 2 min walk from the J train or a 5 minute walk from the M train (made for very easy access to Manhattan). Adriano was a great host. He was very welcoming and helpful throughout my stay. Adriano was awesome. He made me feel at home. Everything I needed was there. The room was exactly as pictured.  Adrianos place was clean, comfortable, and accurately represented on the listing. My stay was very hassle-free. We had a lovely, short but sweet stay at Adrianos apartment. The apartment is extremely clean and well kept. The bed is very comfortable and the air-conditioning is great during summer. We would definitely recommend staying with Adriano.  Adrianos apartment is really cool! Loved the decorations and the AC. It is also very clean - which is the most important thing to me. My boyfriend also loved the coffee and we made coffee every morning before we headed out. The neighbourhood can be very quiet at night but since its very close to the metro station (J train) so it shouldnt be a big concern. Overall, we loved Adrianos place and we definitely would want to stay at his apartment again if we visit NYC in the future.    Adriano and i discussed our late arrival, This was not a drama. When we arrived we entered our room and were in the need for a good nights sleep. This place was pure heaven in comparison to our last AirBnb in Chicago. The apartment is located close to the J train. This was very handy as we were heading into manhattan most days, was still convenient to head to other parts of Brooklyn too.   You have all required amenities close by, laundromat, supermarket, etc  Cafes or food spots werent close examined around here but Im sure there are some gems. All in all great experience and safe neighbourhood. I will stay here again when Im New York if possible.  Cheers   Adriano Adrianos home was lovely and well kept. Our host had clear, reasonable instructions and we felt comfortable and happy in his airbnb. Overall a wonderful stay! Adriano was very welcoming and very organized.  The room was small but clean.  We probably didnt read carefully the reviews so didnt realize the apartment was on the 4th floor and that we might be sharing  the apartment with another guest besides Adriano.  However the  queen sized bed was amazingly comfortable, the air control worked a charm especially as the metro is above ground here and there is a patio below us which from time to time could be a bit noisy.  Happily we could close the windows and adjust the temperature and all was quiet.    The kitchen has just been renovated and the rain shower really feels great.   The neigborhood is real Brooklyn, friendly and full of life.  I think that this apartment is great for young travelers.  We had some nice conversation with Adriano and a guy from Norway.  Its really good to get to speak to  people from so many backgrounds.  As we are older I think that next time we will rent a whole space so are a bit more critical than we would be if we were in our 20s but this worked out well for sleeping.  And there is so much to do in New York you might not even sleep! Pokoj odpovidal nabidce. Sousedstvi pro Evropana v noci trochu nezvykle, ale podle hostitele pry bezpecne. Great location and great host. Adriano prepared everything for our arrival, the apartment is very welcoming and the stay was very pleasant. Look forward to staying at this location next time we are in Brooklyn. This was a great place to stay! Very close to the subway so super easy to get into Manhattan. The place was spotless and the complimentary coffee was a nice bonus. Adriano was very friendly and welcoming. Would definitely recommend!  Logement calme et propre, très proche du métro (3 min)   Le lit est grand et confortable.   Adriano était discret et sympathique. Adriano is a very nice and well organized host. He prepared everything perfectly. He gave us some helpful tips where to go and where not :)  I definitely recommend this place and we will try to book it again whenever we will come back to New York. Das schöne, gut eingerichtete kleine Zimmer mit dem sehr gastfreundlichen Adriano ist vollends zu empfehlen. Die Kücheneinrichtung ist optimal um sich selbst zu verköstigen, zudem wird Sauberkeit in dem Apartment sehr gross geschrieben. Die Metro ist etwa 3 Minuten zu Fuß entfernt ( J-Train ) und bringt einen je nach Zielort in etwa 20-25 min nach Manhatten. Insgesamt war es eine sehr angenehme Zeit die wir bei Adriano verbracht haben! Adriano hat uns zu Beginn gut geholfen, uns einzuleben. Die Wohnung ist klein, aber gut ausgestattet. Nach einigen Tagen hat Adrianos Freundlichkeit rapide abgenommen. Er hat nur noch mit uns gesprochen, wenn wir aus seiner Sicht etwas falsch gemacht haben. Das war sehr unangenehm und wir haben uns weder Wilkommen noch Zuhause gefühlt. We had a great stay in Brooklyn. A particular highlight was the bed which was extremely comfortable. The flat was very nicely decorated and clean and Adriano was a very friendly host although we didnt see him much. The location was also a very useful one, located less than 5 minutes walk from the subway.  I stayed with Adriano in February 2016 while I worked on a full-time gig. The experience I had was worthwhile. The room was very nice and the apartment was clean. I am big on cooking and meal prep and thankfully Adriano had a lot of supplies available.   If youre trying to get to Midtown easily, this is the place for you! The apartment is TWO MINUTES walking distance from the J-Train to get into Manhattan and then to connect to other subways from there. Food and laundry are also very close, still TWO MINUTES from the apartment.  The more I think about it, this location is perfect for the working person transferring into NYC. I highly recommend Adriano for his professionalism, intuition, and leadership in running his service. Adriano es una persona muy atenta, siempre preocupado por hacer nuestra estadia muy agradable... Se preocupo tanto antes, como durante nuestra estadia....   El departamento es muy comodo, La cama grande con muy buen juego de sabanas y toallas... El baño y la cocina muy bien equipados y limpios...  Esta ubicado a 100 metros de la estación de Subte de la Linea J que va directo a manhattan...   Lugar altamente recomendable... Adriano is very nice, he let us stay as long as we wanted on the last day of our stay so we could leave our things at his place and didnt need to carry it around with us.   Good apartment, good location. Weve had a great time Adrianos apartment! Adriano was very friendly and helpful. The apartment was clean and the room big enough for us. There was another airbnb guest who was also nice.     The connection to Manhattan and JFK is good. We flew back from Newark and getting there wasnt a problem either. Weve also had fun exploring Williamsburg, just a few stops with the metro away.    All in all we can recommend this place! Very nice room and welcome.  All things are beautiful and Adriano is very sympathical and really full atentionned for his visitors.  The localization of the room is interesting because the subway to manhattan is very close and you need only 15mn to go over there.  Make sure you will be happy to this place. Our experience with Adriano was fantastic! He was at the apartment when we first arrived and gave us the run down on the place. The room was nice and spacious for two people and the bathroom was actually quiet impressive! We were out out of the house for most our trip - leaving to explore in the morning and making our way back at night for a goodnights sleep on the very roomy queen size bed. It was the perfect location to the J train and short walking distances from all the local shops Bushwick has to offer! I would definitely recommend this AirBnB to anyone! Thanks Adriano for the perfect stay!  Everything was very clean and spacious. The bed was comfortable. The apartment is adorable and close to the J and M trains. I would definitely stay here again.  Good place to stay For visiting New York.  Near by the metro to manhattan.   Room is nice and clean:) Это был наш первый опыт Airbnb. Мы остались очень довольны. Изначально Адриано прислал нам подробную инструкцию о том как добраться до его дома, ключи были оставлены в key box, что было очень удобно. Квартира находится на 4 этаже она очень чистая, уютная со всеми необходимыми удобствами. Мы чувствовали себя как дома. Мы не так часто встречались с Адриано, он был очень приветлив всегда быстро отвечал на наши вопросы. Наша комната была очень светлой, не шумной, в комнате отличный тихий кондиционер, утюг, быстрый WiFi. На кухне мы пользовались микроволновой печью, холодильником и газовой плитой. В ванной комнате чисто, имеются все необходимые мыльные принадлежности, а также фен. Дом располагается в 2 шагах от станции метро, рядом расположены супермаркеты с доступными ценами. Мы возвращались домой в позднее время и чувствовали себя безопасно. Когда будем в new-york снова, обязательно остановимся у Адриано. This is the second summer that I have stayed at Adrianos apartment. It is exactly as advertised. Very clean, easy subway access, great host.  Very clean place, nice owner. We didnt expect the room to be that small, the pictures dont give a realistic idea of the size of the apartment. The rooftop is really cool, location very practical. A bit expensive for what it is though... Adriano was a wonderful host, my parter and I were brand new to the city and he was full of advice, and suggestions. Very friendly and warm guy. The room was clean, the apartment was clean, the AC was great. Next to lots of wonderful cafes, right next to the J train.  Cant recommend enough! We absolutely loved our stay at Adrianos place. We mainly roamed Brooklyn and the apartment is centrally located so a quick Uber ride is all thats needed to get around. Its within walking distance to the J train if you need to get to Manhattan. The apartment is clean and beautiful. The room was a perfect size for the 2 of us...and the bed is sooo comfy. This will be on the top of my list next time Im in Brooklyn.  Adriano was very welcoming and provided clear written guidelines and directions. His apartment is lovely and the room very pleasant, light and clean and had a fabulously comfortable bed. Everything was immaculate, and we really enjoyed the apartment. The location is good as very close to the train station, though we spent quite a bit of time travelling into Manhattan each day, though it was nice and quiet and a nice area generally. Thanks Adriano Adriano is responsive and communicative. The apartment was exactly as described and clean and tidy. The bed is comfy and there is plenty of wardrobe space. Happy to recommend Adriano and his place! Adrianos place is amazing! I stayed with him for a little over 5 weeks although it felt a lot longer as his place just felt like home to me :) The apartment is conveniently located next to a supermarket and only 3 min walk to the J train. His place is super clean and tidy but still has the relaxed homey feeling you need to unwind in this beautiful city. The kitchen is well equipped so if you want to cook then youll have no problem doing so. The bed is extremely comfortable and there is an AC in your room that can also be used as a heater in the winter. The view out the window is very pretty, especially during the sunset. All in all I really enjoyed my time here and I do consider Adriano as a friend and roommate rather than just an airbnb host. Highly recommend staying here, Im already missing my little Bushwick home :)  Adriano was an excellent host. His apartment was lovely - bed was comfortable, shower was great and his company was first class. Apartment was immaculately tidy, internet was fast and reliable and neighbourhood was quiet at night time for sleeping. Location is fab - really convenient for JFK departures and the J-line subway route is really quick and easy in to downtown Manhattan. Would thoroughly recommend Adriano and his flat for anyone heading to NYC. Will be sending friends his way! Adriano is a great host and made everything to make us feel comfortable. The apartment was always clean and he provided us with everything we need to cook. Location is quite good too: the apartment is 3min walk to the J train and around 8min to the M train. You will be in Manhattan in 20min aprox. The only ""negative"" point is that the room is quite small, especially for 2 people, and the apartment is located at the 4th floor without elevator which can be painful if you have heavy baggages. But overall, I highly recommend Adriano`s place.  Adrianos place is very quaint and tidy. Its always clean and well taken care of. Adriano was an awesome host. He always made sure we were taken care of, was gracious with his space, and even shared his food with us. There was someone else staying there as well, but it didnt really matter to my wife and I as we were gone for most of the time anyways. If you are looking for a friendly host, a clean space, with a train in close proximity to Manhattan(3min walking distance), this is your place. Would definitely come back if possible.  A fantastically well connected flat for getting into Manhatton. Very clean and tidy and Adriano was a very helpful and kind host helping with tips for what to do in New York.  My girlfriend and myself stayed at Adrianos place for our first visit to New York. Manhatten and the rest of Brooklyn are easily accessible by public transportation, Adrianos place is clean, quiet, and in a nice neighbourhood. Adriano himself was very friendly and helpful.   We had a great stay! We would definitely consider staying at Adrianos place again when we return to New York.  Very happy to stay at this room, it was clean, restroom as well. Location is good, near subway, safe.  We had a great time staying with Adriano. Everything was as promised and looked the same as in the photos. Communicating with Adriano was very easy and we didt have any problems whatsoever.  Great host, clean appartment, Subway 2 minutes away. Adriano is a great host. The room was small but cozy, clean and comfortable. We had a great time in NYC and in Adranos apartament. Close to the flat there is a metro station, from where you can easily reach the city. It is not very quiet neighborhood, but for us that was not a big problem. We highly recommend Adrianos place.  We stayed with Adriano for 3 weeks. We had a good time. it wasnt hard to follow his rules, everything was as described and we couldnt have been happier with our airbnb choice. The subway is literally down the street, so is the grocery store and the laundromat. it might get a little tricky with getting your luggage all the way up to his apartment but its manageable (see it as a lil exercise lol). The AC in our room (and in the kitchen) was our life saver, since it got super hot from time to time. We went out a lot and came home super late, we were still able to take showers, grab a snack or whatever. we could move freely like in our own home. we were happy with chosing Adriano to be our Host, and are sure ud be too!  Adriano was a great host, always there to accommodate any of our needs. The apartment was clean and perfect for a week long stay. The place is right beside the J and M trains which brought us to Manhattan in less than 30 minutes which was fantastic. Bushwick is a perfect area to stay if you want to avoid the high cost apartments in the city.  The apartment was very nice and adriano was a fantastic host. Very clean and cute place! Theres a bus stop right across the street and a subway station right around the corner. Theres also a decent grocery store next to the subway station. It is a three bedroom apartment and Adriano has the other bedroom listed on Airbnb as well. Its on the 4th floor and there isnt an elevator. None of this was an issue for us, and our stay in Brooklyn was fantastic for the price. Adriano is an amazing host and he is very communicative. I would absolutely recommend this place! Lovely host (albeit we only met briefly!). We largely had the apartment to ourselves. It was a good base for visiting Brooklyn and easy to get across to Manhattan. Thank you. We had a good stay in Adriano flat. We didnt see him a lot as we were out all days long. The flat is clean and the bed is comfy. The bedroom is a bit small but it doesnt t matter if your only goal is to take some rest. You need about 30 minutes to be in midtown. The subway is very close from the flat. I would definitely recommend this room if you want to visit New York. Clean, comfortable, and convenient. One block from subway. We were initially leery of renting just a room. But, it worked out well. Would consider staying again next time we visit our daughter. Adrianos place is very clean and as described. The location is great and near the m and J train station. So Its very convenient to go to Manhattan. The check-in instruction is very clear in the manual. Highly recommend this place!! Todo tal y como lo describe, a menos de 2 minutos el Metro I stayed at Adriano’s place during a month long work assignment and thoroughly enjoyed my stay.  The apartment was kept clean at all times and was only a 2 minute walk to the local subway stop which took me directly into Manhattan within 30 minutes.  The apartment had everything I needed to cook and Adriano was always there to help when needed.  Would definitely recommend to others."	1
526	I love Chelsea and Alain was very nice and friendly. He gave me enough space to feel free and at home, but always helping when I had questions...Nice place to stay! Alain was very helpful and prompt!  The room is spacious and well-kept; great location as well.   Alain was great! His apartment is in an amazing location and easy to find! Alain was very nice and his apartment is spacious and conveniently located.  It was a little warm at night after a hot August day, but the fan and window kept it comfortable enough to sleep well. The host canceled this reservation 3 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 4 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 10 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 11 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 5 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. La descripción del alojamiento no tiene que ver con la realidad.  Él arrienda una pieza y vive en otra.  Las fotos que aparecen en el aviso son de su pieza privada.   El anuncio indica que tiene una pieza y un baño, pero no figura en ninguna parte que el baño es compartido con el anfitrión.  Hay shampoo y jabón, pero son útiles de aseo del anfitrión.  En la pieza que arrienda hay una cama y un clóset donde hay ropa del anfitrión así como otros útiles personales éste.  Las sábanas se veían sucias.  El baño también. Alain was a great host! He provided a clean room and bathroom. The kitchen was accessible to us as well. The neighborhood is nice and its gay friendly. Overall, a great experience! Thanks, Alain!   A great experience and an amazing value. Alains apartment is in an excellent location in Chelsea that is very close to either the subway or a Citibike station. Alain was very polite and made us feel at home. The bedroom for guests is not pictured on the listing. It was plenty large enough for the queen size bed, and with two large suitcases we did not feel cramped at all. It also has a closet and part of a wardrobe to put clothes in. The bed was comfortable and the room is quiet since the window faces away from the street. We would definitely stay here again. Recently stayed at Alains place and could not have asked for a better location. We were quite keen to walk everywhere, and with the central location, this made it possible. The room was a good size and clean.  Alain was such a sweet guy! His space was pretty convenient. Many food spots and a train station right down his street. :)	0
527	It was ok. Basic NY apartment. The walls are so paper thin the neighbours disturbed me a lot, the bed/sofa is super uncomfortable & the bottom of the bath was really dirty. Other then that it was fine. I am currently trying to get back my last 2 nights from Airbnb because I had to leave early due to family commitments.. Host agreed to the refund so hopefully I will get that back soon through air bnb. The host was really helpful & kind. Overall it was an okay experience.  Good experience overall. The apartment is well located for anyone who wants to visit NYC, and very quiet. Katarina took care to check with us if the apartment and its furnitures were ok for our needs, and welcomed us with some food and drinks. It was easy to pick up the keys, even if we arrived late. Thanks Katarina! Good place, great location. Nice patio for some fresh air. Departamento pequeño pero funcional . El patio trasero con plantas es un espacio muy agradable. Anfitriona amable y relajada. Solo seria necesario un poco más de espacio de guardado . Estuvimos muy cómodos y lo recomendaríamos. Muy bien ubicado a pasos de penn station. Katarina a été très accueillante et disponible, la communication a été très facile avec elle. Nous navons eu aucun problème quant à lorganisation avant le séjour, ni une fois sur place.  Lappartement est fidèle à sa description, très bien situé, propre, et avec tout le nécessaire à disposition. Nous avons passé un excellent séjour à New York !  Everything was ok. Great place Katarina and her friend were very accommodating.  Although my flight was delayed they still managed to hand over keys without any issues.  Her constant communication was a plus. Place is near a very active Penn Station/Madison Square Garden.  5 min walk to A C E.  Her block is quiet - but a quick 2 min walk leads you to a very lively 8th Avenue. Cozy apartment! Our host was good at communicating the steps to get the keys to her airbnb and responded quickly to our messages. Location was also very good! However, the main issues were inside the apartment itself.  Even though the listing states the airbnb is for three people it can only fit one person. There is no living room or bedroom, it is all a single common space together with the kitchen - much more like a studio than an apartment. The sofa in the pictures is not actually there and the wifi only works perfectly if connected to one device at a time. The backyard is actually a kennel, therefore do not expect something very spacious. The closet door would not close properly, when we attempted to close it harder it just fell. Important to notice the decoration of the apartment and that there is no TV.  The place is small but perfect!  Having the back patio is wonderful. Being on the first floor is a huge plus. 	0
528	The apartment was exactly what I needed/wanted. It was in a fantastic neighborhood. I lived there for 6 weeks. While i lived there two of my friends were living on other parts of the island, but they were always at my apartment and the best food and bars were near me. There is three laundromat a near. Multiple places to eat. The only issue is its 5 blocks from the nearest subway. If you can even call that an issue. I highly suggest it.  Thomas and the apartment were great! Apartment was clean and the layout works nicely for a New York City studio. I stayed long term and found it to be comfortable and accommodating. Water pressure in the shower is good, and hot water was never an issue. If you like action you will love the neighborhood; it is young and vibrant and there are plenty of bars and restaurants to explore!  The apartment was very nice and exactly as advertised. For those of you unfamiliar with the area, the location is close to some of the most vibrant parts of NYCs (arguably) most vibrant neighborhood, but still quiet enough to provide respite. Thomas was extremely helpful and checked in with us frequently to see if there was anything we needed. Highly recommended.  Even though I was not able to meet Thomas, he responded promptly to all my questions and concerns. The place is perfect for one person, and I stayed there for a month without any issues. Clean, and well-maintained, also helped by the fact that its been recently renovated. The host canceled this reservation 7 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The apartment is exactly as per the photos. It has everything you need to spend some time in the city and the location is out of this world. The building itself is a little bit old and very dusty with weird neighbors, which is not an issue if youre only staying for a short amount of time. Besides the check-in day, Thomas was very communicative and friendly. We came in the house was not clean and the towels were not clean that we had to buy towels and hair dryer and Thomas was saying to me that we would receive fresh  towels that we didnt see , completely disappointed  Close to everything. Enjoyed our trip and first holiday using airbnb. Perfectly comfortable for an extended stay. Fantastic location. The unit itself is in a great location, close to a ton of awesome restaurants and things to do. Tom was very kind and responsive. The unit was as the pictures described. The building itself is a bit run down but the tenants were very nice and quiet. The apartment has recently been renovated, and it really shows. Its a great location and for a studio in this location much larger than expected and everything works. Dont let the common areas distract you. (From time to time the elevator has issues...but dont we all!) Great stay. About as good a location as you can ask for, and the apartment itself is even more spacious than the photos.	0
529	The host canceled this reservation 18 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 30 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. . What a beautiful home. Great location in quieter area close to museums, Central Park and some great restaurants! Easy access. We enjoyed it! Dominique’s place is very confortable and beautiful. As I think she was still decorating it, there were some important things missing, such as shower curtains, microwave, and some cleaning and kitchen supplies. It was possible to Washington and dry our clothes, wich was nice. It was a quiet building and neighborhood. There was a Nice external private area. it was very easy to comunicate with Dominique, it was a great experience to stay in her apartment. Great apartment in an excellent location. Dominique is very responsive and attentive to our needs. I would definitely stay here again! Excellent space and location on Upper East side. Quiet, spacious, and relaxing, Host is responsive.  Very good value.	0
530	Although we werent sure what to expect for our first time staying in Manhattan, we ended up pleasantly surprised by the apartment and the host. The location was very convenient and the apartment itself was clean and comfortable. We faced some challenges (not the hosts fault), but Jerry was very accommodating, providing for a pleasurable trip overall. Clean, nice place on the upper West side.  Host had great communication and was always pleasant to respond to.  El apartamento de Jerry es genial cumple con lo que está en las fotos es muy limpio y cómodo lo recomiendo mucho Jerry es muy amable siempre está atento a cualquier necesidad que puedas tener simplemente genial su departamento y obvio el volveré pronto The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. This apartment is located very close to the subway, just minutes from Columbia University and Central Park. The location was perfect for our needs. Overall, for the 4 of us, we found the apartment to be rather cramped. The bathroom is very small - you cant stand comfortably at the sink without shutting the door first. In one of the bedrooms, the A/C is positioned in a window that is two feet from the head of the bed, so if you leave the A/C on at night (which you have to during sticky NYC summers!) then the air is blowing right at you. There isnt really any way to fix this set up though, because the room is so small and there is only one spot where the bed could possibly go. For our short stay, this apartment suited our needs. Jerry answered all of our questions promptly and was a helpful host! Great location! The house is clean with all basic amenities. Subway is a minute walk away. Supermarket, pharmacy and lots of restaurants walking distance away. 8 minute walk to Central Park. There is also Riverside Park 5 minute walk away Jerrys place was really clean and he was super helpful. When I go back to NYC again I will try to stay here!!! The location is great if you go to Columbia University. Great location, right by the subway Sehr gute Lage, Jerry ist unkompliziert und behilflich. Danke! Great location. Very close to subway, grocery store, fast food/restaurants etc. Safe and quiet. Jerry is a great host:  quick to communicate and willing to help with travel questions.  He sincerely wants his guests to have a pleasant stay and feel at home. The location was perfect for us. The neighborhood felt safe.  It was quiet!  We were able to use the Subway to travel to all parts of the city, but also found Lyft and Uber a convenient solution at times. We took advantage of the excellent nearby market, Starbucks,  and eateries.   The apartment itself is small, but that is what we expected in NYC.  It would not be comfortable for extremely large people (very large athletes or plus size people for example).  The two bedrooms were very private, and the beds were firm and comfortable, and just to our liking.   Our daughter slept well on the futon in the living/kitchen area.  The updated bathroom was small, but perfectly fine for us.  There was great water pressure, and plenty of hot water for 4 consecutive showers.  The toiletries were appreciated. We traveled from LGA using a Yellow cab, and made a reservation with the New Family Car Service (based in the Upper West Side) to go back to LGA.  Both worked out great.  The car service was a few dollars more, but we had no worries about flagging down a cab, and the car was top notch as was the driver. The location is very good, near to line 1 about 2 mins walk and around is safe. A supermarket is also nearby. Jerry is a really nice host and easy to communicate. He introduced many to us about traveling in NY. The house is not big but sufficient for self-cook. Satisfied with this place. The location was clean and quiet as we needed. Smallish, but sufficient for three to four people. Lovely decor. This apartment is in a great location, and Jerry made check-in/check-out very easy. We had all the basics we needed like towels/linens and Wi-Fi. The apartment is small, but its in Manhattan, so just know that going in. Thanks for a great stay, Jerry! Nice and cosy apartment, very spacious and close to downtown. We were in nyc for 3 days and enjoyed it. Thanks Jerry! Excelente alojamiento, la mejor relación costo/beneficio, a 100m del subway, barrio seguro, con acceso a todo lo necesario. This is my first time to book Airbnb and it is really a bad experience. bugs are in the kitchen and on the wall. No enough toilet paper in the restroom and the only one is of bad quality. Bed sheets are dirty with hairs. Looks unwashed! The location is good and has a quiet environment . Pretty decent response rates most the times. Quiet area with easy transit. Small but good living space. Perfect location for our Thanksgiving stay, and great apartment with room for a family of 4. Everything was as described. Location is great and bedrooms are comfortable. The kitchen was a bit under-eqipped and the absence of a microwave was felt. Kitchen equipment was dusty. The apartment was spacious, (two rooms), good location, sheets were clean. We saw some small dead cockroaches, the shower drain was not drain properly at all, chairs were dirty. The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Jerry was great and responsive, we both had some email time response delays but he even had the courtesy to call when he realized there was a delay. The place was exactly as described. The lock box was a little difficult to open and close back but nothing major at all. The building was conveniently located to shop and stores for necessities. La comunicacion con el anfitrion fue muy lenta , y cuando la habia era muy escueta,  el departamento es mas pequeño de lo que se aprecia en las fotos ,  y los utencilios de cocina son muy pocos (solo para 2 personas) no alcanzan para las 4 personas que puede alojar el departamento. Facil de llegar en metro. Departamento sucio y con cucarachas	0
531	Jennifer was a great host.  She checked in regularly to make sure I had everything I needed.  Her listing was as described, it was clean, the bed was comfy, fresh sheets and towels were provided, and the neighborhood felt safe.  The place was only 5 blocks to the subway line and a short ride to mid-town.  Everything about my experience was excellent.  Id definitely stay here again.  Many thanks!!! I had great experience living at this place, the host was very friendly and provided me with all what I needed. They were very accomodating with check-in time. It was a very independent and private room. I had my own desk.    The description was accurate. This is all about enjoying the neighborhood. It would be inappropriate to expect luxury accomodation, but you can expect to enjoy Harlem, probably not the place for a first time tourist to NYC but for a visitor with some experience. Jennifer greeted us on arrival, gave us a very nice welcome, and gave us advice on the local transport, fastest subway downtown etc.   The flat was as described, and nice, clean and spacious...we werent there much, and neither was Jennifer, but perfect for what we needed.  The Neighbourhood was nice and quiet. There was a nice community garden a few doors down, a big grocery shop on the corner, and a few really nice bars/restaurants around the block for some easy nearby food and drink. It was really close to subway to downtown, and also very close to the very nice Riverside State Park!  Would Definitely visit Jennifers place again if we found ourselves back in Harlem!  Dan & Donna The two-night experience with Jennifers place was wonderful. The apartment was vast and her husband Ali came in to just make sure everythings alright. I checked in really late and he was waiting. The room was breezy and overlooking a nice courtyard with trees. The neighborhood was lively and safe. I had a great stay. I havent seen Jennifer whip I was there, but her husband was a great host. I had my own privacy. The room and bathroom was clean but I did clean afterwords. The location was great with attractions and a distance to the park. I had a great stay. 	0
532	Good location, cozy and plenty of sleeping areas. Muy bonito lugar, excelente barrio, cerca de todo. Clean, quiet, good location, great apt! Great place. Very clean and convenient location. Jordan is a great host We stayed here for 5 nights (Oct 18-23). Here’s part of my experience and what I feel you should know if considering a stay here.  PROS:  -Great location, accessible (walking) to just about everything you want/need. Food, bars, shops, tourist attractions, subway, etc. -Comfortable bed, sheets and comforter in the largest bedroom. Kids slept in the 2 smaller rooms and said the same. - Dryer dries clothes really fast. Convenient while on vacation. -Strong water pressure in the shower.   CONS:  -Apartment had a bad smell upon entry. Worse in the large bedroom. I purchased scented candles in an attempt to mask the odor. -Wooden floors were very dirty, full of crumbs and dust balls. Visible dirt build-up in corners. Couldn’t walk barefoot without feet getting ‘crumby’. Also, one of the floor boards is very loose, almost pinched my foot. A wet rag was left on top of the A/C unit and when I picked it up, it reeked of mildew. -Listing says there is a TV but there was no tv during our stay. -A/C unit in hallway doesn’t have access to an outlet. So you can’t plug it in and actually use it. -No table or chairs in this unit. So if you want to eat in, you’ll have to sit on a bed. Or stand. -No wastebasket or trash cans provided. My family collected our garbage in grocery bags during our 5 day stay.  -No bath mat or rug. Careful stepping out of the shower. -At times, very loud street noise. I know, it’s NYC- but some mornings it started very early, some nights til 4am. The 2 smaller rooms are much quieter if the doors are closed. -No outlets in bathroom. Zero counter space in bathroom. Jordan took care of issues as quickly as possible, and once resolved the apartment had everything we needed. Its certainly no 5 star resort, but it provides the necessities in a great location at a great value for 3 bedrooms. Localizacao muito boa perto a Time Square mas rua bem calma. a lImpeza do local foi o ponto mais critico This is a large 3 bed in Hell’s Kitchen. One of the bedrooms is extremely small and only one person can get into this room. One is very large. One is medium sized. The lockbox did not work. I had to call Jordan who was available, and helpful but not local.  Check in was 3pm but the cleaning staff showed up at 3pm to clean. This proved beneficial as I wouldn’t have been able to get in. There is no other furniture in this apt other than the beds, a small futon and a small plastic side table. No chairs, no table. Limited kitchen supplies - plastic cutlery. There was only 1 toilet paper roll there, and that was almost empty. We had to buy that,  as well as soap and paper towel. There were AC’s and fans in the apartment. The beds were fairly comfortable. Thank you. This apartment is neither big or beautiful.  If it were listed as a two bedroom, it would pass in NYC as being big.  The owner put a bed in the living area so there isn’t anyplace to sit.  I think the pictures in the add are misleading bc one of the bedrooms is pictured from 2 different angles. One showing the bed, the other not.  This led me to believe that the picture without the bed was of a living area.   There are no chairs in the tiny kitchen either. There is a very small uncomfortable futon in one of the bedrooms.  Idk how they call these bedrooms.  Bedrooms have closets and windows.  These don’t.  There are no dressers either, so we had to work out of our suitcases on the floor.   The windows that were there didn’t have curtains so the neighbors could look in.  We were going to find someplace else to stay, but Jordan said he was going to send some chairs and curtains.  He did not.  When we returned that night, there were no chairs and a trash bag covering one of the windows.  We could still be seen through the other windows.   The WiFi didn’t work either. Being that this was my first ever AirBnb experience, on top of the fact that it was to take my family to New York over the Thanksgiving break and go to the Macy’s Day Parade, I was nervous to say the least. That being said i couldn’t have chosen a better host or location for our trip. Jordan was quick to reply to my many questions and was extremely helpful. The location is great and within short walking distance to anything you would want to see or eat. Thank you again! Si Jordan prenait le temps de mettre quelques accessoires de plus (table, chaises, rideaux fenetres, torchons, lampes de chevet, produits divers de base, securiser lappartement (tuyaux deau chaude bouillants), isoler les fenetres du bruit et de la lumiere, lappart serait tres bien car super bien situé. The host canceled this reservation 140 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The apartment was really well located. Stayed there a family of five for a weekend. Nothing fancy or anything in the apartment but I would recommend to anyone who is staying for a short time and wants to be well located without having to pay a lot. Communications with Jordan were great and easy to check in and check out. He even let us check out late which was really nice. 1 large bedroom with a futon, side table, tv (but we couldnt get it to work) no curtains or blinds You have to use blankets to cover part of the windows no storage or anywhere to put clothes etc, the bed is broken, we emailed photos but got no response, 1 medium bedroom with a wardrobe no window, and 1 small room with no window or storage. Very noisy floorboards and this made us very conscious about the residents below because when we arrived they said that they have had lots of problems with Airbnb guests. To collect the key you have to walk 5 minutes to a cafe. Some of the kitchen cabinet door hinges are broken, there is no plug for the bath. No extra towels or bedding very thin pillows.  Kitchen has a great washer and dryer, dishwasher (not used) cooker, coffee maker, microwave large fridge freezer. 2 large steep flights of stairs to the apartment.  Its an apartment with loads of character tall ceilings uneven floors and walls, very nice residents in the block, very close to Times Square, city bike rental by the front of the block, bus stop at the bottom of the street, 1 minute walk. Great place just needs a few things fixing. 1 of the photos is misleading as that bed/unit/lamp doesnt exist in this apt, only 1 bedroom has windows. Wifi worked fine for us. Allowed for early check in which was greatly appreciated. No rags, no covers over the windows, no paper towels or toilet paper to get started and bed in the main room was broken and ended up on the floor. A no frills apartment in a good location.  Not enough glassware, dishes, paper towels, tp, etc for 6 people.  Third floor walk up - no elevator. Jordon was communicative on the day of arrival and made certain we got in. The host canceled this reservation 119 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 91 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 84 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	0
533	I definitely recommend this house to stay. The couple are very friendly, the house very clean and comfortable. Very close to a metro as well. I would come back for sure! Availability ; accuracy ; perfect place Priscilla and her husband are very nice people and it was great meeting them. Unfortunately I didnt have the best experience at their place because the water cut off one time for a few hours( not their fault but I was not notified). And the room and location are good but the room overlooks the garbage disposal of the building so it doesnt smell good. Ive stayed with them for 10 days, it was one of my best Airbnb experiences. Priscila & Tadeu were really helpful with the checkin even if I was hours late. The place was clean and the location is perfect. The park is just two blocks away and there is a train station to downtown two blocks away. I would recommend them anytime. Priscilla and Tadeu are the warmest, most nice and sweet hosts I have ever met, and I’ve traveled several times among 5 years using Air B&B. The place is literally a block away from the metro line, its three blocks away from Central Park and has several varied options of food nearby, starting right next door. Also a gas kitchen is available, oven, microwave... And everything looked modern , clean and working. The room was warm, the linens were evidently new, the pillows super extra comfy. I just couldn’t imagine anything that could use improvement. I personally recommend Priscilla and Tadeu’s place, loved them both and their homely vibe!	0
534	Exactly as advertised.  I had a terrific stay with Ann and her apartment was very clean!  She was polite, kind, and helpful. The location is perfect and near everything! The bed was very comfortable too! I hope to stay here again when I visit NYC. Ann’s place was in a super convenient location. We had access to everything we needed even though we weren’t at her place much. Charlie was incredibly cute and friendly! Ann is very quick to respond and very accommodating as we missed our original train! Would stay here again if we came to the area! Great location. Great host and everything we needed. Unfriendly, small, poorly furnished (no microwave), loud TV, loud heating devices. Ann is great! Home is located near Central Park and a walk to everything else	0
535	Wonderful apartment in an ideal neighborhood. Couldnt have chosen a better spot to fall in love with brooklyn!  Theres a first time for everything, and this will be the first time I am writing a negative review. Ill start with the good things: the apartment is located in amazing Fort Greene, Brooklyn, and is a stones throw away from what seems like a million subway lines.  It is also very sunny and spacious for a studio, and the bathroom was large and very clean.  It was also awesome to have a doorman.      But now on to the bad:     (1) The furniture and amenities.  The apartment did not include all of the furniture and amenities represented in the photos.  There was no dining room table, no two-piece coffee table, and no TV or corresponding TV stand.  Not such a big deal for me, but it may be important for some.  Also, a word of caution about the sleeping arrangements: the bed in the listing was a not a stand-alone bed, but was a Murphy bed that is over a decade old and that is literally on its last legs.  (More on that below.)  Also, while the futon can be used as a bed, it has no support on one side if you fold down the back and try to make it full-size.   Finally, there was a wicker chair in the apartment with a huge hole in the seat, which had been concealed by a cloth.    (2) Ungracious host.  Im sorry to report that I had a very bad experience with Xihuitl--the first time after dozen or so experiences using AirBnb.  While Xihuitl was welcoming in the beginning, she was tremendously unreasonable when a problem with the space arose.  Remember that old Murphy bed I described?  Well, the short story is that the 11-year-old bed was in very poor shape.  (Not only did the bed pop back up into the wall as soon as you pulled it down, it had a detached support beam that had been tied on to the frame with fabric, leaving only two mismatched and non-buttressed legs as its remaining supports).  Unsurprisingly, it only took someone to sit on it to make it buckle during our stay.  Not only did Xihuitl fail to apologize or take any responsibility for the shoddy--not to mention dangerous--state of the furniture, she tried to charge me over $700 for it.  That amount apparently included the beds repairs (though she had yet to even consult a repairman and obtain an estimate), and her traveling costs for coming back to her own apartment.      In short, buyer beware.  Its a cute apartment with a lot of booby traps.  You may be better off going elsewhere.   I live in Fort Greene and rented this apartment for family that was in town visiting. As a long time resident of the neighborhood I can not recommend a better location. Close to theaters, shopping, restaurants, an amazing city park and just a short ride over the bridge to Manhattan, this large, sun-filled, apartment is perfect for a visit to NYC. Brownstone Brooklyn at its finest. The high floor apartment has incredible views, is clean and comfortable, and comes with all the necessities.  Highly recommended!! Good place for short term stay Everything was great from start to finish.  Communication was perfect the whole time,  Xihuitl was available for any questions that I had.  The apt was very comfortable and clean and organized.  Xihuitl was a fantastic host,  I would definitely recommend staying here!!!! The host canceled this reservation 3 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Juliette was very responsive to all of my communications and overall a great host.	0
536	"Manav was a great host. He was very responsive to questions and very communicative. His roommate, Dennis, was also very personable and helpful. Both are very nice guys. The apartment is well reflected in the pictures. It was neat and clean, and very well located. Manav had the bedroom all set when I arrived; it and the bathroom were clean and neat, and the bed was very comfortable.  Overall, it was a great experience, and I would definitely stay again.  Manav and his roommate Deniz were great hosts. Upfront communication was really good. Manav was super flexible re. our check in time and everything worked out well. The room and the bathroom were really modern and clean. Def check out the rooftop with an amazing skyline view! The location is good, Grand St. Metro is in walking distance and so are many restaurants and bars in East Wburg. I can highly recommend to stay there! The reservation was canceled 10 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Manav is a really nice and helpful person. The neighborhood is not the greatest but apartment is in a new secure building. It is only one block from the local Subway station which connects to two main subway hubs in Manhattan so you have access to all the subway lines as well as all three airports so it is very convenient to get around NYC from his place.   Manav was a great host, very helpful and made sure that throughout our stay we would be able to contact him if we had any questions.     The room/apartment was clean and the area quite. The only thing that was missing was a lock on the bedroomdoor. The view from the rooftop over Manhattan superb. I would definately recommend others to come here, even if it is just for the view. L train to Manhatten was close by, which was very convenient.  Manav is an excellent caring host! From the moment of booking everything was managed very well: fast respond, clear instructions. The apartment, room&private bathroom - as on pictures, very clean! Location is perfect - close to subway - easy to go to Manhattan (15 minutes max).On arrival it was complementary water and chocolate). Also the local area is pretty good, safe and full of restaurants, grocery stores.  Will definitely stay for the next time! Beautiful & Clean house, good location and Manav & Margaux are so good persons!!  All so perfect!  I hope go back:) Beautiful, big, clean and nice room. Just one block to L train and 59, 54 bus. You can take 59 bus to Bedford or 2stop L train. The rooftop skyline is beautiful! Everything is close, nice Thai food just beside Subway station. Manav and Margaux are friendly and helpful! I will recommend their place to everyone who is coming to New York. Manav est un hôte très sympathique, souriant et bienveillant. Il est nest pas avare de bons tuyaux pour manger et sortir dans le coin :) De plus, il a lhabitude de recevoir des français!    Concernant lappartement, il est top, le bâtiment est neuf, à 100m du métro L Grand Street, et il est doté dun super chouette rooftop au 8ème!!! Il y a de lintimité entre les 2 chambres, la salle de bain personnelle est nickel et lensemble est propre.      Un très très bon plan Airbnb :)    Manav is a very kind and cheerful host! He gives a lot of nice and pleasant places to eat and to go out.  The flat is clean and the 2 bedrooms are well separated, so there is privacy. The private bathroom is well furnished (hairdryer for example) and nice. The Rooftop of the building is quiet impressive^^  At the end, the location of the flat is great, 100m from the Grand Street stop subway.    My boyfriend and I spent a very pleasant journey, so thanks Manav :)   Manavs apartment was great, exactly as you see it in photographs: clean, nicely furnished, with a full kitchen, and a really nice rooftop view. The room was also great, spacious and with loads of light. The bed was extremely comfortable and the shower was amazing. Fast wifi, very safe building and neighborhood, enough privacy and a new AC. Two blocks from the subway station, and nearby great spots which Manav was so kind to direct is to! Overall a truly comfortable and smooth experience, so I would definitely recommend this apartment to anyone looking to stay in Brooklyn.  Manav is a very polite guest. The Room is very quiet and clean. Good Rooftop,Williamsburg is Super! The house is very clean, big and great. The same as photo. And Manav is very kind, he do me a lot of favor. We usually use his kitchen, very convenience. I am so glad that my first NY trip can meet him. It makes me have a good experience. The transportation is also near and easy to go to anywhere. Anyway  I really like the place. If I go to NYC next time, I will booking again.   房子很大乾淨又漂亮,房間裡面有私人衛浴也是超級乾淨,床很好睡很軟,廚房使用上也超方便,房東人也超級好,有任何問題都會隨時幫我們解決,附近交通超方便,距離捷運站走路只要兩分鐘不到.超級推薦這間民宿.對於這次住宿沒有任何怨言!超棒的地方 Pokój czysty, duży i ładny, wszystko tak jak w opisie i na zdjęciach. Blisko stacja metra oraz sklepy. Polecam.    Everything was OK. Apartment is big and clean, near metro station. Manav was really helpful.  Thank you! Manav made our first time in NYC unforgettable. He gave us all the info we needed to get to his place when we arrived and made navigating the NY subway system so much easier. The apartment is in a great spot in Williamsburg with the L train 2 minutes away. The neighbourhood has some great food locations and building artwork which Manav directed us to with an awesome map he has made. The apartment is clean and so comfortable. The room is at the back of the building so it is so quiet. The aircon worked great which was a must for the hot days we were there. Its a large room with your own bathroom and a lock and key. The best part of the building though is the rooftop. A sunset over NYC is a must to watch.... I spent hours on this rooftop just watching the city from afar! Amazing experience.  Manav is an incredible host and the apartment was wonderful. Besides making me feel welcome in Brooklyn and offering directions, the room was welcoming and the view of Brooklyn was lovely. Manav communicated well and made me feel at home. I wish I could live here!    10/10 would stay again. We loved Manavs apartment and our bedroom! Everything was very clean and cosy!    The location is wonderful, very close to the Grand Street subway station.  Brooklyn is a very nice neighbourhood!    Thank you Manav!  Had a lovely stay at this apartment. Very clean and well kept. I really liked the artwork, it was very unique. I didnt get a chance to meet Manav, however, his friend checked me in and was very welcoming. Lovely view of NY on the rooftop, perfect for gatherings or wine night. Overall, I would recommend this apartment to future guests as I would return myself.  Had a great stay at Manavs place. It was extremely easy to get to everywhere we wanted to go as the subway station was so close. The room and bathroom were spacious, clean and very comfortable. Manav was very welcoming and we felt completely relaxed and at home. Also, the view from the top of the building is insane! Would definitely recommend staying here. Perfect place to stay in New York. Located in a nice area, close to metro and city bikes. Moreover, the view from the roof balcony is very nice! The room itself is big enough, and a private bathroom, just in the room, guarantees privacy. Host was very nice, pity we did not have the chance to hang out more often! Manav is such a great host! My husband and I were in town for a wedding and Manav made us feel extremely welcome and comfortable throughout our entire weekend stay. This location is absolutely perfect with the subway so close and lots of fun restaurants/bars/coffee shops close by as well. The view from the roof is breathtaking and something you dont want to miss! The apartment/room is extremely clean and tidy and we loved that we had our own clean bathroom connected to our room as well. Manav is wonderful, a great communicator and the perfect host. I would DEFINITELY recommend this spot to anyone visiting Brooklyn!  The location has a great vibe for millennials. Commute is easy since the L train is right around the corner. Getting into Manhattan was no problem. The apartment is very spacious and has great lighting. Manav as a host is superb since he gives great suggestions and also respects our privacy. I especially loved having a gym and laundry in the building and also the rooftop definitely made everything super awesome. I would definitely recommend this to others and when I go back to NY, i would stay here again. Thanks Manav. We had a really nice stay, our bed was super comfortable, the room was really beautiful, and the apartment is very nice. Manav was friendly, although we barely saw them while we were there since we were out wandering the town all day! The area is perfect - cute shops, cafés and some of the best food weve eaten this trip. Easy access to public transit. I totally recommend staying here. We spent a great week in this apt, Manav is a ver good host, and the apt is very well located closed to the subway station which goes direct to manhattan in 15 min.  The room is very confortable as it has its own bathroom inside. Manav provides more than the basic which makes you feel like home.  Maravilloso apt, Manav es un anfitrión genial que desde el primer día nos hizo sentir como en casa. El barrio esta fenomenal y a una manzana de la entrada del metro que te lleva a manhattan en 15 min. Sin duda recomiendo este alojamiento para pasar unos días en NY, esta limpio, bonito, con vistas espectaculares en el tejado.  Thank a lot Manav!! La estancia en casa de Manav ha sido increíble, el apartamento es tal y como aparece en las fotografias, la habitación era amplia y limpia con ventana al exterior y mucha luz. El tejado tiene unas vistas espectaculares, donde puedes ver la ciudad de Manhattan y todo el barrio de Brooklyn. Un sitio perfecto para ver la salida y puesta del sol.    Nos sentimos como en casa, cocinamos en el apartamento y compartimos tiempo con el anfitrión, que nos trato muy bien, nos explicó todo lo que queríamos saber sobre Manhattan y sus recomendaciones sobre los restaurantes y bares de la zona valieron la pena.     El apartamento queda a 1 minuto de la línia L del metro, que te lleva en 15 minutos al centro de Manhattan.     Por la noche el barrio es bonito y lleno de restaurantes y bares donde ir a comer o tomar una copa    Sin duda, es una experiencia que, si tenemos ocasión, repetiremos y que recomendamos al cien por cien.    Manav welcomed us in person despite a very late arrival.  Everything was as per description of his place. He provided us with very useful information and a gallon of fresh water which was very much appreciated after a long flight.  The location is very close to public transport as well as local shops, cafes and delis.  Very quiet area and ""easy going"" host.  Next stay in New York we would like to use this location again. Manav was a great host, and he was always available for all the questions that we had during our stay. Everything was perfect : the room, the private bathroom, the location, the rooftop view !  Manavs place is exactly what my girlfriend and I needed for our week in NY.  Thank you again Manav. I would come again ! Manav was a great host. When we arrived he greeted us with a map of all his top eateries in the Williamsburg and Bushwick area and gave us a great intro to the NYC skyline from the rooftop. The room was spotless when we arrived and he was always ready to answer any questions we had.  The apartment is new and is SUPER close to the subway. The rooftop as a great view of Manhattan and theres a shop close by to grab snacks/water etc. I would definitely recommend Manavs place for anyone wanting to stay in in Brooklyn. My friend and I had a good experience while staying in Manavs place. The place is two blocks away from the subway station. It allows people to go to Manhattan in 15 minutes. The room is clean and big enough to accommodate two people. Manav is responsible and easy to communicate. We are glad to stay in Manavs place if we visit NYC again. Highly recommend to people who would like to find a cozy room in NYC.  Really enjoyed my time in BK with Manav! He made me feel super comfortable and the space was really gorgeous and THE ROOF. WOW.   Was a fabulous weekend! We had a great stay at Manavs home, everything was clean and nice. The apartment is  very close to the subway, so it only takes 10 minutes to get to Manhattan. Manav is a great host and he was very friendly. He also explained how to use the subway and told us about some nice places in Brooklyn and New York.  If we ever come back to New York we would definitely stay again at Manavs apartment.    Manav was fantastic - provided excellent communication before my arrival with detailed instructions upon arrival; he waited for me to arrive despite being a little late to welcome me to the apartment and show me around. The room was great with a private bathroom off the bedroom, lots of natural lighting came in through the window, and the location was a 2 minute walk from an L line train station. Although the power went out during the night (probably due to the weather) in parts of the apartment and building, Manav was great in keeping open communication about this and updating me regarding the problem getting fixed and when it was finally resolved. Very appreciative of his hospitality, he makes you feel like youre at home! El apartamento es tal cual aparece en las fotos, al llegar estaba perfectamente limpio y ordenado. El barrio si bien no es turístico tiene todos los servicios necesarios muy cerca, en particular la entrada de metro esta a muy pocos metros de la puerta de entrada del edificio lo cual redunda en que la comunicación con cualquier parte de la ciudad sea rápida y sencilla. Manav siempre estuvo dispuesto a ayudar con mis planes y también a darme sugerencias.  Me he sentido muy cómodo, como si estuviera en mi propio apartamento.   Manavs place was very nice and convenient. The room was quite cozy and sunny during the day. The Rooftop has a great view. The train was a block away, so going to Manhattan was quick. There are also good eats within walking distance. Would recommend staying here!  We had a great time at Manavs place, the room was exactly as seen on pictures, clean and comfortable also very quiet, which was great after a busy day in Manhattan. Station is only two blocks away and you can be in Manhattan is just 10 minutes ! Even though we didnt see Manav a lot he was always responding to my messages really fast, and he gave us all the instructions to get into his apartment as we arrived pretty late !!  Great experience!!! I recommend this place 100%.  Appartement idéalement à 1min du métro et situé à 10 min de Manhattan. Manav a été bienveillant et nous a répondu à toutes nos questions avant le départ.   Le quartier est très calme.  Appartement très propre, la salle de bain attenante à la chambre est un réel plus Vraiment satisfaits. On recommande. Thanks manav ! Manav was an amazing host! He gave us very good explanations about restaurants and bars in Brooklyn and showed us the best hummus restaurant in the neighborhood. The subway is 2 min walk, very close. The room was very confortable and clean, just like the pictures. I definitely recomend Manavs place! Manav was very helpful and very hospitable. The arrival and check in was a breeze. He was more than helpful in finding great spots in the neighborhood to eat & drink. The en suite itself was very comfortable & clean with a nice, modern feel. It was a busy work trip and I was worried about parking, but there was never an issue finding a spot close by. All around a great place with a great host. I would definitely book this place again for future visits. I stayed for two nights with my boyfriend. Its a really nice room with a private bathroom stocked with a lot of bath products. We really loved our stay. The living room was nice and cozy with a great sound system. We would run into the host during the night and in the morning. He was very considerate and communicated. The view from the roof top was a plus! You can see all of Brooklyn, freedom towers and the Empire State. I would definitely recommend this place is youre looking for a place in Williamsburg. Theres a great brunch cafe just across the street too.  Manav was very welcoming and the room looked just like what it showed on the Airbnb sight. The apartment was close to the subway station (approximately 2 min of walk) and was extremely clean and well-stocked with personal care products. My sister and I will definitely be coming back if were going to visit New York in the future! Manav is an excellent host and his apartment is great! He was flexible with time check in and check out, always respecting guests to come.   Everything worked fine, wi-fi, cable tv, heat, kitchen!   The neighborhood is good and safe and the subway L is for 1 block away.   Manhattan is 15 minutes away by subway, Williamsburg is very close!   Certainly I would rent his room again! It was a pleasure to be guests at Manavs house. He organized everything perfectly. The room fits totally for a couple, a super plus is the own bathroom and it is very clean. Manav  is a very friendly and helpful host. The house has a rooftop with an impressing view to Manhattan. The L Train to Manhattan is just around the corner. So perfectly for discovering Brooklyn and Manhattan. In sum a great recommendation for Manavs offer! Manav is really nice and helpful! The location of the house is really great ! Just one block to subway , I can go to anywhere very convenient and shops and restaurants around here are good . The room with private bathrooms was nice and the view in the rooftop is amazing ! Will be here again for next trip !  Manavs apartment is really at great location just about 1 min by walk to metro or bus stop - about 10 mins to the city. There was a beautiful view from the roof top on Manhattan skyline. Manav was very helpful and recommended us many bars and restaurants. We really enjoyed it! Thank you  Manav is a great host. He put together a nice list what to do in his neighbourhood. Communication and check-in / check-out is totally painless. Also the L-station is one street away so very easy to go to Manhattan as well. The room is great, clean and with own bathroom which is convenient. Kitchen is also nice to use and has everything you need.  Manav var den bedste vært man I sin vildeste fantasi kunne ønske sig !! han var venlig ,hjælpsom, deligt menneske og en supervært. Vi kunne ikke have haft en bedre vært.  Kvarteret var godt og føltes sikkert og det lå utrolig central !! Om det så var vejledningen til Manavs adresse fra hovedbanegården var den på SMS inden for Ganske få minutter :-)) ALT VAR KUN EN GOD OPLEVELSE !! KH Mathias and Marie DENMARK  Manav was an awesome host! He had fully listed and reviewed tips for local to-dos including restaurants, and cafes (even though he doesnt drink coffee :) ). Additionally, when the weather took a turn for the worse, thus complicating our trip out of town, Manav was super flexible in working out an extra day at a great price. The space is amazing, centrally located, and the amenities are lux (the shower is worth the price of admission). would definitely book again and recommend.  Loved this space!  Great view, room, area, close to the L train and Laguardia, and awesome places to eat and shop near by and 2 train stops away on Bedford Ave. We spent full days out of the apartment and mostly slept/rested for short periods at this spot, but the rooftop views were amazing of manhattan and meeting Manav at check in was great as he showed us around the apartment and made us feel welcome. Bed was super comfy, shower was hot, room was air conditioned and check in was a breeze. Could not ask for more :) Manavs apartment is exactly how the pictures show. Perfectly clean and comfortable. Was super easy to communicate with Manav and check-in/out was very simple. Great position near the metro station, I would suggest this apartment  Okay, this host obviously read my mind.  The space is beautiful and very well-located.  However, the thoughtful touches made this a thoroughly brilliant experience.  Thus, with the smart placement of loads of hooks, device chargers and the like, this host stood out in a crowd of really very good hosts.  Hes beyond that, and his BnB skills and great attitude made for a wonderful stay. Bravo!  Wir waren 6 Nächte in der Unterkunft von Manav. Die Unterkunft entsprach so ziemlich genau der bebilderten Beschreibung. Man hat einen abgetrennten Wohnbereich bestehend aus Schlafzimmer und ein sehr modernem Badezimmmer. Das Wohnzimmer sowie die Küche sind gemeinschaftlich nutzbar. In dem Gebäude befindet sich außerdem ein kleines Fitnessstudio. Als Highlight kann man auch noch auf den Rooftop gehen. Von dort aus hat man eine super Aussicht auf die Skyline. Besonders bei Nacht ist es zu empfehlen. Zu Fuß ist man in weniger als 5 Minuten an der Metrostation. Von dort aus fährt man ca. 10 Minuten bis in Zentrum von Manhatten. Der Gastgeber Manav war sehr freundlich und hilfsbereit. Wir würden jederzeit wieder für einen New York Aufenthalt bei Manav  buchen.  Great place to stay in Brooklyn. Near subway lines and cool restaurants and bars. Manav was great with communication and had lots of food/drink recommendations handy. The aprtmanet was clean and tidy and Manav provided lots of bathroom essentials. Would recommend staying if you are looking to stay in Brooklyn.  Wir hatten einen tollen Aufenthalt. Alles hat der Beschreibung entsprochen. Manav hat uns viele Restaurant Tipps geben. Fantastic room Manav was so very easy communicate with!! The room was amazing, super private, incredibly convient to the subway into Manhattan for my meeting, and foodkick was a great way for me to order in healthy groceries!  I would highly recommend Manav and his house!! Love this place, highly recommended! 10/10 would stay with Manav again!  An absolute superstar of a host. Manav is not only in a perfect location for NYC, but the spare room with ensuite offers your own personal space for your travels. Manav offered a welcome home and comfort of staying with him, we were free to do our own thing and explore, while having a retreat to rest your weary head after a long day.   Manav, youre an absolute legend and we will definitely be back to stay with you! Thank you for a comfortable stay and being so communicative during check in and check out Lovely place and great neighbourhood. Great host. Super easy stay. Enjoyed the large room and the enquire bathroom! Good location just 1.5 blocks from the subway and from there 10-15 minutes to Manhattan.  The room is comfortable and has its own private bathroom which we value a lot.  The host was nice we didnt really had much time to be in the apt but he was helpful and polite. I would highly recommend Manavs place in East Williamsburg. The space itself truly exceeded my expectations. The entire apartment is lovely, very clean, and well kept. The room has an extremely comfortable bed, lots of natural light, and a very clean and modern full bathroom with rain shower!  Beyond that, the location was perfect for us. We spent some time in Northside Williamsburg which was a pleasant walk. The apartment is also very centrally located to the L train so its easy to get anywhere you want.  Although we did not have the fortune to meet Manav, we appreciated his responsiveness! He was very kind to also allow us to extend our stay an extra night with short notice. Exactly as described if not better!  It was a pleasure staying with Manav! Excellent spot for our trip to NYC. Took advantage of the gorgeous rooftop view and the gym. Food and convenience shops are steps away. Subway station is about a 30 second walk. Clean and reliable host, cant be beat. Thanks Manav! We would’ve given it 6 stars if we could. Manav was very responsive and he made us feel at home from the beginning. The location was great (minute walk from the subway).  The room was just what we needed, the bathroom and shower were great.  Also, the view from the roof was spectacular.  We highly recommend this place for a visit in New York. We really liked the apartment, room and location. Its really easy to find good restaurants and parking in the neighbourhood, plus youre reasonable biking distance (approx 25 min) from downtown Manhattan or main Brooklyn attractions.  Only negative thing: the neighbours, whove been partying loudly in the backyard until 2 am on 2 out of the 3 night we stayed there. Thats why were giving the place a 4 stars review instead of 5. Manav is a spectacular host. We were almost 10 days in his apartment where we felt like in our house. Attentive, always ready to solve any concern and at the same time very respectful of our privacy. The department is perfect. Very spacious, very clean, very comfortable and comfortable. It is located one block from the subway (line L Grand St, 10 minutes from Union Square), convenient, ideal to go anywhere in Manhattan. Markets, cafes, restaurants, bars all within a radius of 100 meters. We recommend this department. Its great. Jesus and Cecilia  Manav es un anfitrión espectacular. Estuvimos casi 10 dias en su departamento en donde nos sentimos como en nuestra casa. Atento, siempre dispuesto a resolver cualquier inquietud y al mismo tiempo muy respetuoso de nuestra privacidad.  El departamento es perfecto. Muy amplio, muy limpio, muy comodo y confortable. Esta ubicado a una cuadra del subte (linea L Grand St, a 10 minutos  de Union Square), práctico, ideal para ir a cualquier punto de Manhattan. Mercados, cafés, restaurants, bares todo en un radio de 100 metros. Recomendamos este departamento. Es genial.  Jesús y Cecilia Manavs rental was perfect for my husband and me. We enjoyed the close proximity to the L train (right across the street), the cleanliness of the room and condo, and the safety of the building. Manav, made us feel very welcomed and the bed was super comfortable! The in-room heater also helped with the cold NY nights. If you are traveling solo or with a partner, I would recommend staying at Manavs! Very walkable neighborhood and great locaiton. Manavs place is very clean and bright, just like the photos! The bathroom is modern and spacious and the toilet paper is the most comfortable ones I have used! The location is great, 1-minute walk to the L train. Manav is a very polite host, and responsive to messages, replying within minutes. Firstly, the apartment was exactly as described. Very spacious, plenty of natural light and very clean..   Manav was an amazing host! Extremely helpful and even offered his own discount card for some tourist attractions in the city.  The photos of the skyline do not do it justice. The view from the rooftop is absolutely breathtaking.   Id absolutely recommend this to anyone traveling to NYC. Its a one minute walk to the subway and a ten minute journey to Manhattan. Will definitely be visiting again Manav’s place ticked every box. 3 stops from Manhattan on the subway which is 200m away, and around the cool areas of Brooklyn - Williamsburg and Bushwick. There are heaps of good bars and restaurants around. Manav is a great communicator. The room is extremely private, we only met Manav on our last day so you feel like you are roommates rather than a guest at someone else’s home. Bath and shower is amazing and bed is EXTREMELY comfy. Only thing to note is the noise levels of the rooms. You will hear the elevator everytime it goes and hear footsteps and muffled voices from other apartments. This was a very minor issue because the room is so perfect and in such a great location! Manav’s apartment has everything you need. Clean, comfortable and conveniently close to the subway. I enjoyed my stay immensely and Manav was great company. He was easy to communicate with and had great recommendations for places to visit. I very highly recommend this place if you are keen to explore the sights of NYC and Brooklyn. Manav kind and very helpful, the room is clean and very comfortable. The bathroom is great and I warmly recommend this lovely place!"	1
537	"Tim was a very good host. He was very easy yo contact before we arrived and the entire time we were there. The apartment was lovely, decorated with his awesome artwork. The neighborhood is very safe and nice. All round a great experience  Tim was a very nice host. He didnt have any problem with us arriving late in the evening even with him leaving for holidays on the next day. The communication was very good during our whole stay.  The house is very well located, you can be on central manhattan in 15-20 minutes, and the neighbourhood is very quiet, but well equipped with cafés, supermarkets, etc, a very nice place to stay.  Tim and Heidi were great hosts! Flexible check in and out times were a huge help. Loved the spacious apartment and charming neighborhood! Super easy to get around. Would definitely stay here again!  Our stay at Tims greenpoint apartment was a refreshing experience. The hustle and bustle of the city left us feeling overwhelmed and exhausted by the end of the day. It was nice to have a quiet and clean place to come back to and stay in during our trip. Tim was quick to respond and personable.  Tim was a great host! He was always easy to get in touch with, and super flexible about in and out times.    The apartment was lovely, and exactly what we wanted! A nice kitchen, clean bathroom, space to lounge, and a comfortable bed in a bedroom. It is close to a bunch of small stores, and an amazing place called milk & roses.    It might be helpful to know that the subways arent super close (we usually used the 7 because it was a straight-shot to Manhattan and easy transfers--though there is a closer one), and the street is a bit loud in the morning. That being said, it was a great price, and I would certainly stay again. Definitely recommended.   We enjoyed our stay in Tims apartment. We really liked the area, which has lots of bars and restaurants, and is walking distance to the Metro (2 different subway lines within about a 10 minute walk). It served as a good base to explore both Manhattan and Brooklyn. Thank you!  We have spent 6 nights in Tims apartment. Unfortunately, Tim couldnt be present when we arrived, but he organized a friend to come and welcome us and show around the apartment. The place looks exactly as on the pictures (we loved Tims paintings). The flat is surprisingly big, well equipped (air-conditioned) and fairly clean. The neighborhood is really nice, we had no issues walking ""home"" even in later hours. There is a park between Kent st and Greenpoint ave which is a must visit place, as it has a stunning view on Midtown The subway is a little hectic (locals call it the ghost train), but you can be in Midtown within 30 min.  Trotz unserer verspäteten Ankunft wurden wir freundlich von Kathryn empfangen. Alles verlief sehr unkompliziert und bei auftretenden Fragen war das Kommunizieren mit Tim ein Leichtes. Die Lage des Apartments war super! Authentisch hat es dich angefühlt. Sehr praktisch für uns auch der Waschsalon direkt im Haus mit Drop-off-Service. Polnisches Essen in der Gegend ist sehr zu empfehlen!  Hey  I had a great stay at Tims apartment!!  The apartment was clean, wide and in a perfact location in Greenpoint.  Didnt have the chance to meet in person but I had a warm welcome note and a nice friend of his showing me around.  I truly recomend it and will love to go there again! Tim was quick to contact and all pre arrangements were easily done. Greenpoint is a  good NYC base and hip area which we enjoyed exploring. Views across to Manhattan especially great on the East River ferry and some good local bars/eateries extending into Williamsburg. Apartment was cool for size and facilities and had no complaints. Half the price of hotels for the time of year.  Lappartement de Tim était tel que décrit sur le site. Le quartier proche est calme, et devient animé après une dizaine de minutes de marche en direction de Nassau et Williamsburgh. Nous navons pas rencontré Tim en personne : une de ses amies était chargée de nous attendre pour la remise des clés. Ce lieu est parfait pour rayonner dans New-York. Time apartment was great. I was in the city for three days working and playing a few gigs. Tons place was in a real neighborhood and in easy walking distance to subway . Lots of good restaurants and coffee nearby. Apartment was clean spacious and relatively quiet. Very nice !  My wife and I stayed in Tims place over thanksgiving and enjoyed being in an apartment rather than a hotel room.  Location in Greenpoint was great with everything we needed close by.  It was comfortable with a large living room and bedroom and kitchen. The metro was a few blocks away.  We were met by the hosts when we arrived and provided the keys.  They were available by phone to answer any questions.  It all worked out great for us. Tolles Apartment, gute Lage! Die Metro- und Busanbindung ist super. Es gibt viele Delis und Einkaufsmöglichkeiten in der Nähe.  everything went perfectly. the appartment was clean and tim was a great host.  Me and to friends arrived in Tim apartment. Tim meat us in the apartment to hand over the keys and some information.  First the apartment looked okay, but when we have been there for a while, I look around and there was quite dirty everywhere. There was hair and dust everywhere on the floors.  Tim said that it is a old funky apartment, but that is no excuse for the apartment not to be clean.  The wifi didnt work, and we tried many times to make it work.  So we decided to move to an hotel the day after. I tried to rebook the days so we only payed for 2 days, but Tim wouldnt expect that.  I wrote to Tim several times that there was quit dirty and we wanted to move, and he didnt respond until my 3 message here in Airbnb.  So I wouldnt recommend staying at Tims apartment.   great deal, great apartment in a perfect neighborhood. plenty of space and a full kitchen, although the usual street noise and steam heat might bother some. tim was great with the communication and always available. id definitely book again!   The apartment is relaxed and artsy, you get plenty of space in this one bedroom apartment. Also, the neighborhood is super cool and hip with lots of hidden stores to explore! Tim is flexible on the request, and always make sure everything goes fine with the living. As we experienced the super snow storm Jonas, Tim texted us and make sure we are safe, and we never had any issue with the heating, apartment always stay warm and nice. We arrived relatively late and Tim arranged for someone to hand over the keys. Tim was responsive with everything considering we only could communicate via email. The listing is exactly as he writes about it and had everything we could have wanted.     Greenpoint and Tims apartment was an excellent place to stay and we highly recommend it. Un appartement richement décoré par Tim et Heidi, qui sont tous les deux peintres, dans un quartier de Brooklyn très agréable pour visiter New York. A recommander sans hésitation. The apartment was good located. It was close to the subway station. The apartment itself was nice, clean and big. The neighborhood was nice also as it was full of shops and restaurants. Nice place in Brooklyn. Not long to go to Manhattan. Although we did not see Tim, it worked very well with the keys and everything else.  Tims apartment was in a great location, with a subway just down the road, making it easy access from JFK airport as well as surrounding areas in Brooklyn and Manhattan. There are several bars and restaurants on the main street running through Greenpoint as well as close proximity to the bars and nightlife in Williamsburg.    The flat was spacious and on the surface was as described. However, we found it to be very dusty and unclean which was a shame because the actual flat itself was great. I wiped a side table one day only to find the cloth covered in black dirt and dust afterwards, and also had to wear shoes in the flat to prevent our socks from turning black, like they did on the first day. We were very disappointed by the lack of cleanliness especially considering there is a cleaning fee attached to this apartment. There also seemed to be a problem with the heating which was a shame as it meant that during the nights it was particularly hot meaning that you had to have the windows open. Therefore you had to deal with the noise from the street. We did message about this issue but unfortunately it seemed to be out of his control.  We really loved our stay in Tims beautiful apartment. It definitely has that artsy flow with his paintings and you will find everything you need. The area is perfect to explore Brooklyn and it also does not take too much time to go to Manhattan. Tim was very helpful and easy to contact and we would love to come back for another stay someday!  Tims place was a great base from which to explore NYC. Its close to the subway and getting to Manhattan etc is very quick. Its also near to the supermarkets and some nice bars, cafes and restaurants. Its got everything you need and more space than you might expect for NYC, and Tim was very responsive. Whilst overall fine, it did feel like the place could do with a deep clean.  Great space! Clean, comfortable and Tim was very accommodating. Would definitely book this apartment again. I enjoyed my week-long stay at Tims place and had no issues whatsoever.  Tim was there to greet me, he walked me through his place and gave me the basics of the home and neighborhood, and all important information was already written down.  Thank you Tim! This is a good place to rent. It has all the necessities youd want from a reasonable priced apartment in Williamsburg. The appears fairly safe, Manhattan avenue is well lit and populated. The apartment is located 15 minutes to the 7 line across the Pulaski bridge, and 5 minutes to the G line on Manhattan Ave. Some buses (B62) service the area as well.    Tim is responsive, he provided the keys, offered his assistance in case of need, and then left us alone which is the perfect behavior for a host in my opinion. Overall, very good deal and experience renting this place. Tim is nice and his appartment has a great location (Greenpoint is a nice area to stay in Brooklyn and close to Manhattan). But cleanliness is very very weak. I spent an hour to do some housekeeping (at least the floor  and the furnitures were very dusty, the carpet in the bathroom was dirty...  I was not feeling good to spend 4 days in it). Do not expect a clean apartment ... I am upset to pay for a service that is not done. I really liked Tims place , he is a painter and has a good eye so his place really feels homey and artistic. Great host ! We had a really good time at tims. Everything as described. Would totally recommend it. Sits in a great location in a great part of town - G and 7 trains are about the same distance. Going to the 7 passes over the Pulaski bridge and has excellent views of the NYC skyline. Has all the amenities youd need for a stay.  Sits right above a laundromat so you may get the ""clean laundry"" smell occasionally - to me I didnt mind whatsoever and was even a good thing.  Id gladly stay here again next time Im in town."	1
538	I would like to say that Loretta was an amazing host. She was really thoughtful and kind. She helped me every time Ive needed. She and Mark always were there to help me. They made sure I had every info I could used, they even got my mail! They also helped me to arrange a ride to the airport. They are really easy to communicate, always available.   The house is exactly as the photos show. Very comfortable. The neighborhood is really amazing. Great restaurants and bars! I felt really safe there, even at night. I was traveling alone so I was always walking home alone. I had no problems.    Bottom line: I would recommend Lorettas apartment! Just a quick reminder: the apartment is in the second floor so there will be stairs.     Ive loved the experience and would definitely stay there again.   Amazing experience, would definitely recommend Lorettas place. She couldnt be more kind and helpful. Her apartment was clean and the location not too far from the subway! Perfect place to stay a little while. Loretta was a very kind and accommodating host. We arrived early morning and she got up to welcome us in and show us around the apartment. Everything was as promised, clean, 2 beds, kitchenette, she even provided a couple bottles of water and some apples to welcome us. I would recommend this to travelers staying in the Brooklyn area. First time to NYC and the location was just what I was expecting. Safe, sound and secure. Loretta thought of so many details that a traveler might need or want. I was pleasantly surprised. Her partner Mark, was helpful as well by providing thorough subway details and directions to various venues. I appreciated all of their attention to detail. Their place felt like a home away from home. Loretta was very nice and accommodating. The neighborhood is great and the place was as pictured. Très bon accueil, Loretta est à lécoute et est disponible lorsquil y a un problème.  Loretta was very friendly and easy to communicate with.  The location was good, lots of restaurants nearby and not too far of a walk to the subway station.  The apt is on the third floor so there were lots of steps to carry our suitcases up but nbd.  The things I didnt like were all things that are just typical for all NYC apts (i.e. small bathroom, small rooms, fluctuating water pressure/temp).  Overall GREAT experience and would recommend  Loretta. This spot was perfect for what we needed. This one bedroom apartment was clean, cozy and quiet. Loretta couldnt have been more accommodating and friendly! She was available and easy to get in touch with, I would absolutely stay in her place again!  This was a very convenient location for anybody looking to go into the City. Loretta was very helpful in finding the best place to park and in recommending the right subway lines to use. She went above and beyond her host responsibilities in letting my wife and me check out very very early on the last day. All in all it was a very pleasant visit.  My guests and I really enjoyed our stay. Loretta was very nice and helpful with helping us on how to get around the city during our first time in New York. She also was very attentive and was available if needed. We all were very happy with our room and host.  Excellent séjour chez Loretta, lappartement est très bien pour 3 personnes, a 8 Minutes à pied du métro dans un quartier calme. Tres facile daller sur Manhattan et plutôt rapide ! Loretta est très gentille et est présente si besoin! Le petit plus : la cuisine avec micro onde et vaisselle pour pouvoir manger à lappartement  I immediately felt at home at Lorettas place. I was on a business trip and had to commute to Manhattan frequently. Local transport is very close to the apartment, so, this wasnt a problem at all. I really liked that the apartment is quiet, perfect to relax after a long day. Loretta was super helpful, helped me organise transport to the airport and was always available and responded quickly when I texted her. I warmly recommend this place! Loretta was super welcoming and made our arrival very easy! If you want a place to just park your stuff and sleep at night for value and in a great location, this is a great option.  Lorettas flat is an authentic place in Brooklyn, with nice people living all around.  It is very easily reachable by train / subway. It is at 2nd floor ; to reach it, you need to climb steep beautiful wood stairs. The equipment inside was fairly enough for us (we had only breakfast) but might be not enough for cooking and eating dinner ; the beds are confortable. The place is fully safe, with helpful people everywhere.  Loretta provides an excellent flat for that price !  Our stay was nothing short of spectacular. The location was awesome- close to some incredible restaurants, coffee shops, and bars and within walking distance of a few subway stations. The home was very cozy and we really were able to feel at home throughout our entire stay. Loretta had a lot of resources, maps, menus, etc. available for anything youd want/need during your stay. I would absolutely recommend staying here!  We had a great time at Lorettas cozy apartment. The neighbourhood is lively, while her place is in a quiet street. Everythings within walking distance and we had some lovely chats with our host. We recommend this place for any travellers looking for an authentic place off the beaten hotel path... all thumbs up & thanks for a great time, Loretta! :-) Very gracious host. Apartment is clean and comfortable. It has everything you need.  Convenient check in and check out. Nice restaurants nearby, we ate at Mayfields and it was great. Subway close enough with a good shuttle option off of Franklin. My wife and our daughter absolutely loved our stay in Lorettas apartment. Loretta is a gem, you could not ask for a better host!  As for the apartment, we immediately fell in love with because it reminded us of the apartment we used to live in while in Fort Green (about 10 minutes away from Lorettas apartment).   The location is great as well, theres easy access to the MTA (short walk to S shuttle which gets you the A, C lines), cool shops and restaurants on nearby Bergen st., Franklin st., and Prospect Park (and the Botanical Gardens) just a 10 minute walk away.  We love this area of Brooklyn, and will checking the availability of Lorettas apartment the next time were back! Loretta is the perfect host and the apartment is great! Quick walk to the subway, nice spot in Brooklyn, and perfect for the two of us. The apartment was clean and comfy, and Loretta even made sure we had all the essentials (thanks, again, for the juice and water!). Best of all, Loretta was amazing and quick to respond. We will definitely be staying here again! Très bien.  Bon accueil  Lappartement est très bien pour 2 personnes ! Loretta a été très accommodante : on a pu arriver très tôt et repartir en fin daprès-midi. Elle a répondu à tous nos messages et appels directement . Le quartier est sympa et il y a une station de métro à 5 minutes de lappartement . Nous avons passé de super vacances ! Loretta was very helpful in getting us situated and was around if we needed anything (which we did not).  This was a perfect safe and secure location for us to go to the Brooklyn half marathon and has easy access to other areas of Brooklyn and Manhattan (Q,2/3,...).  Coffee shops, grocery, food and bars all all within a block or two. On a était très bien reçu! Le quartier est très sympa et vivant, loretta nous a bien aidée. Un choix quon ne regrette pas du tout.  Loretta et son ami sont très accueillant ! Appartement équipé avec les produits de première nécessité. Quartier calme et proche de plusieurs stations de métros / bus vers Manhattan (30 minutes) et les différents quartiers de brooklyn. Excellent rapport qualité prix.  A réserver les yeux fermés.  Je remercie loretta encore une fois pour son accueil et sa disponibilité. Lorettas place is great and was exactly what we had been looking for. Clean, convenient and comfortable. She was always available in case of questions, provided great tips and the apartment is spacious  enough for two people and very clean. The bed was very comfortable since Loretta just got a new mattress for the bed.   We can highly recommend this place if you are looking for an authentic Brooklyn experience right in the middle of a cool Neighborhood.  Loretta was an excellent host!  This was a great spot in Crown Heights - we absolutely loved the area and spent a lot of time in the cool coffee shops and Caribbean restaurants. For the price I dont think you could beat the apartment, it has everything you need, and great transport connections. We did have one issue, on the last night there was a huge open air party directly out the back of the building that the apartment looks onto, that meant we could not sleep. It was still going on at 04.30AM when we left to catch our flight. Im not really sure why this didnt get shut down, but I cant imagine the residents would let this happen again, and there is nothing Loretta could have done about this. Despite our bad luck, we wouldnt hesitate recommending this place, or coming back ourselves. Appartement dans un quartier tranquil de brooklyn. Idéalement situé entre plusieurs stations de métro. On peut se rendre partout très facilement. Lappartement en soi est suffisant pour 2 personnes. Loretta était accueillante, horaires darrivée et de départ flexible. Plusieurs épicerie a proximité et plusieurs restaurant sympa  Loretta é meravigliosa! Lei e il suo compagno ci hanno aiutato moltissimo seguendoci passo passo nella scoperta di New York. La casa era pulita e ricca di ogni comfort. Loretta é un host molto disponibile e presente pronta ad accontentare ogni richiesta. Consiglio di cuore il suo appartamento! Logement bien situé dans Brooklyn près de plusieurs lignes de Métro. Mériterait toutefois un coup de fraicheur. L appartamento è funzionale, raggiungibile con la metropolitana dall aeroporto. In settembre c erano 30 gradi e l appartamento era parecchio caldo è però presente un piccolo condizionatore. Good for the price in NY. She was super understanding of my 2am arrival. Location isnt the busy part of Brooklyn and is a ten minute walk from the subway, but you get what you pay for. Overall a good stay. Gute Anbindung an die Subway nur 10 Minuten Fußweg. Bis nach Manhattan oder Timesquare in Summe nur 40 Minuten. Die Fotos geben die wahren Gegebenheiten gut wieder. Ausreichend groß, allerdings waren wir von morgens bis abends immer unterwegs. Loretta est une hôte agréable et disponible qui a su nous faciliter notre séjour. l appartement est bien situé vis à vis des commerces et des transports. Néanmoins lappartement mérites quelques travaux de rafraichissements et une ménagère de cuisine un peu plus garnie. Le fait que Loretta parle Français fut une agréable surprise !!!!!! Loretta was a phenomenal host. Super nice, ultra accommodating to our requests, even left us little bottles of sparkling juice! This is a great place to get a real NYC apartment experience and neighborhood feel. I walked home late at night twice with no issues. The master bed met the comfort approval of my very picky mother.   Two things to keep in mind: it is a walk up 3 floors in case that bothers you, and the shower can be a little tricky to find the right temp. But theres a great bidet toilet and the kitchen is perfect and theres even TV! This is long and maybe overly effusive but it really was great. Thanks for a wonderful NYC stay!	1
539	The room was described as cozy which meant it was really small, there was very little space to put your things on. The floors were dirty and there was nothing to sit on in the room or the living room & kitchen except your bed. The house is near an unsafe neighborhood although its great that you are 2 blocks from the nicer areas, the location was ok in that respect. When we arrived we had to find Pedro at his work (fortunately 3 blocks away) in order to pick up the keys. Also it wasnt mentioned in the listing that the other room was also on airbnb and that more people would be staying other than the hosts. We saw the hosts only once, but they always wanted to help and were very attentive to all the issues! This is a value for money Airbnb: you dont pay much and you get a place to sleep but not much more. We didnt meet Scarlett but got the keys from Pedro at a bar close by. We didnt hear anything about the checkout. The place is small but the bed is nice, the shower is good but it takes a good 10 minutes to get hot so switch it on before. The kitchen is fully equipped, but there are no chairs in the apartment, making it not comfy to stay to chill or eat breakfast. Location is safe, quiet and easy to walk to public transport and with many bars and restaurants.  Good value for money. Neighboorhoud is quiet and within walking distance you have enough places to eat and/or drink. Subway is within a 10 minute walk. There was no one at home, so we had to get the keys from Pedros work which was 3 blocks away. Room was clean and bed was really nice. Not that big, but just enough space for the bed and your stuff :) They are still decorating the place, so unfortunately there are no chairs/sofa. Would be nice if there was a place to sit.  We didnt see much of Pedro and Scarlett, but they were nice and reacted quickly to our messages. Scarlett gave us a list of tips for the city. Bathroom is old and could be cleaner. Shower is good (in the bath), just takes a while to get hot. Some thorough cleaning is no unnecessary luxury.  Overall we had a good stay. You pay a reasonable price for what you get. Its a good place to sleep and youre in New York, so just go out the rest of the day! :) The apartment and room were very small but as described. Unfortunately, the bedroom door is broken so that we had to prevent it from opening by pushing our luggage in front of it at all times and we also coulnt lock it while we were gone. The bathroom was not very clean (the hostess had injured her arm and was thus not able to clean very well, which is understandable but maybe Juan could have taken over the cleaning?) The hosts were very lovely and quiet apart from one night of smoking and spraypainting in the apartment while blasting loud music, which we perceived as a little bit inconsiderate towards us guests as we were not able to sleep and made the entire apartment smell bad. Other than that we had a fairly nice stay here and if you are not sensitive and only staying for a few days this is definitely a budget option for NYC. Nous avons passé une semaine chez Scarlett. Elle nous a bien accueilli et donné des bons plans à voir et à faire sur New York. Chambre petite mais espace amplement suffisant. Le nombre de marches à monter pour accéder à lappartement peut faire peur au début mais on sy fait. On recommande	0
540	"Charles was a great host, very easy to deal with. His place is nothing amazing, but at that value and location it was a bargain. This is the perfect place for people looking to travel to New York on a budget. You are in a great area in Brooklyn, just minutes away from any subway line you might need with tons of surrounding food and coffee spots. Highly recommended :)  Very convenient location, right next to trains to get you anywhere in the city. Charles even took the time to recommend restaurants in the area. The address online was not quite right. The actual apartment building is not too nice, more of a jumping point to see the city but security is tight. We were 2 friends from Austria visiting NYC for 9 days. We really enjoyed staying at Charles place. It is a small apt. but has its own charme. Getting to Manhattan was really easy from where the apt. is! We were a young couple from France and enjoyed this convenient place. All subways are very closed. Charles answered our questions even if we did not see it.  Appartment is quite small and not much things to see in neighborhood but we did not choose it for that, it is a very good way to visit NY. Fabulous studio flat with fantastic views in a great downtown Brooklyn location. Its so easy to get to anywhere in Manhattan as youre surrounded by many subway lines. Lots of shopping/dining options close by too.   Charles is a great host. While we didnt meet him in person, he was always in contact online and made us feel very welcome! The flat is small, but in great location. You can get whenever you want in 10-15 minutes, because all trains are short walk. You dont need to make any transfers. Brooklyn Heights, Dumbo is only 15 minutes walk. Brookyn Bridge is also 10-15 minutes to walk. The view from the flat is gourgeous. The building is very secure, so you dont need to be worry abt. your personal belongings.     Basic apartment, extremely safe for the presence of 24-hour security and well located for visiting the city and to reach Brooklyn park. Good choice as a base, a bit less if you plan to dine at home. Good grocery store nearby as well as factory outlets for shopping.  We have not personally met Charles, but communication with him was quite satisfactory. Overall a fair experience. Buena experiencia en Nueva York. El apartamento es útil, sobre todo por su ubicación: situado en Brooklyn pero cerca del puente y al lado de tres paradas de metro desde las cuales puedes acceder a todas las líneas de metro que te llevarán donde quieras (Manhattan queda realmente muy cerca, des de este punto). Muy buena conexión para el aeropuerto JFK. El apartamento es pequeño, pero tiene un baño grande, y una pequeña cocina con dos placas eléctricas y una nevera que resulta muy práctica para poder preparar comida para llevar. El edificio, bastante nuevo y alto, cuenta con mucha seguridad y vecinos variopintos, todos amables y cordiales. En la esquina hay un supermercado de buena calidad, y no demasiado lejos hay otro supermercado económico. El anfitrión se ha mostrado siempre muy comunicativo; hemos coincidido en dos ocasiones y se ha mostrado muy amable y preocupado por nuestras necesidades. En general, pues, recomendable para tener un buen y práctico campo base para un viaje a Nueva York de turismo.  Good value for money. Close to many subway stations, which makes the arrival to the city center very convenient. The place is simple and cozy, but most of all incredibly well connected, actually in the middle of many different subway stops and lines. The building is very secure and in our 14 nights at Charles place we never had any issue. Charles (who we never met) is a very nice and kind host, gave us all necessary info even before asking. We can definitely recommend this place for a nice visit of NY and Brooklyn.  Die Lage von Charles Appartement ist wirklich gut! Alles was man braucht in der Nähe, vor allem die Subway. Auch hat er immer rasch geantwortet und uns war sehr hilfsbereit. War eine schöne Reise und es gab keine Probleme! Que más decir que lo ya puesto por otros, realmente el departamento es muy  agradable, si bien es pequeño tiene todo lo que uno precisa después de un día largo en NY, una buena cama una heladera pequeña, una cocina de dos hornallas y un gran baño con una ducha con abundante agua caliente.  La ubicación es excelente, a 100 metros de la entrada de metro que lo deja a uno en 15 minutos en el corazón de Manhattan, por solo $2,75 o una tarjeta de 7 días a $32.  También a 100 metros hay un supermercado de buena calidad, un lugar donde comprar comida preparada u un restaurante.  La seguridad de edificio es muy buena y uy amable.  Si bien a Charles nunca lo vimos, pues estaba de viaje, siempre estaba dispuesto a ayudarnos inclusive cuando tuve un problema con un envío a mi nombre.  Realmente es recomendable y espero volver.   Location Excellent place to stay, really close to many subway stations, we stayed there for 10 days and didnt have to make a connection at all, every single tourist place is within one subway line. The view from the window is also incredible. There is a supermarket in the corner, and plenty of factory stores for retail therapy.  The place was really clean and even though it was very cold outside it stood warm inside.  The building security is great, they will ask your id a couple of times when entering but that was a plus for us.  Really nice shower pressure and clean bathroom.  Would surely stay there again! Nunca llegamos a ver al anfitrión, pero es cierto que escribió varias veces para preguntar si estaba todo bien. El barrio está muy bien, hay muchas tiendas y restaurantes cerca. Además, está en medio de tres paradas de metro para ir a cualquier parte de Nueva York. El edificio tiene acceso controlado y videovigilancia por todas partes. El trato con los vecinos y con el personal de seguridad, correcto. El apartamento en sí es lo que se ve en las fotos, lo justo para dormir, cocinar algo y pasar el día fuera haciendo turismo.  Everything was absolutely perfect!! The apartment, the neighborhood, subways, supermarkets, stores. Everything you need to stay in NY is in this apartment!! i will definitely come back!!!   A little hard to find at first, but the first two days were great. The location is very central and close to the trains, which is the main reason I booked the place, and the building secure for the most part -- as I was leaving, a homeless-looking character was coming in with ID. The studio itself seemed clean enough at first, though no real amenities and very spartan all around. However, the third night there was a very awful, toxic smoke smell (not cigarettes) and also, an insect problem, perhaps exacerbated by the smoke. I had to leave early. The host was very good about making that process smooth, though. If you do stay, I suggest eating elsewhere. Lots of places nearby to choose from. Charles apartment was an excellent choice, for a few reasons:  Accommodation: there is enough room for two people. It was very clean when arrived, and nice heating as well. The bathroom is spacious and the shower is especially good, when you come from a long day of walking and just want to get home and relax.  Location: perfect. Its close to major subway lines, so one can arrive in a few minutes to many spots of Manhattan. Cool places in Brooklyn are at walkable distance, and there are also markets and cafes nearby.  Support: there was not much need to communicate to Charles, since he left everything as agreed. When we had any questions, he was available and ready to help.  I feel very comfortable in recommending Charles apartment for those wishing to explore NY. Thanks for helping make our trip amazing! If you are traveling with a buddy and looking for a place to crash, then this place is solid. It is close to all subway lines and there are plenty of restaurants nearby. It is a small studio with plenty of lights.   If you are a single traveler and going to spend some time in the room, then think again. This is a dormitory style building not made for students. This is a specialized building filled with interesting neighbors. The neighbors are loud and smelly, and they like to smoke at night. The security guards will ask for your ID every time you enter the building, so one would assume its a very secured building. However, I didnt feel safe inside the building with these neighbors.  WE DON’T RECOMMEND THIS “APARTMENT”.         When we arrived to New York few weeks ago we went to Brooklyn with enthusiasm to see our apartment. When we walked into the building we got scared of the people that was living there, with really bad appearance. The neighboardhood wasnt absolutely as expected. WE DIND’T FEEL SAFE THERE.    WE FOUND IN (Hidden by Airbnb) AN OFFICIAL PAGE OF THE BUILDING  THAT SAYS “The remaining apartments house formerly homeless individuals living with HIV/AIDS or mental health needs with on-site social services provided by our partner agency Center for Urban Community Services (CUCS).”    Here is the link:      (Website hidden by Airbnb)      We don’t understand how this apartment is in AIRBNB and why it has good comments but of course THE NEXT DAY WE IMMEDIATELY LEFT THE APARTMENT and talked with airbnb to solve that situation and to get an argument about the problem we suffered.         They were absolutely sorry for us and they helped us with the transfer to other place so we could enjoy the rest of our journey. It was our first visit to nyc and had some doubts about how near was going to be this place to reach all the main city atractions, and have to say it couldnt be better. It is 1 block away from a station that reachs you to the very heart of manhattan and also gets you to stops that connect you to a lot of other lines to reach other destinations.     The house is as advertised. Nice space for 2 to rest after a busy touristic day, small kitchen to cook a fast breakfast before going out, very nice bathroom. The building is very secure, and yes there are some weird neighbors inside, but its cool, never felt unsafe. Arrived almost every day during the 8 days we stayed between 10pm  and midnight with no problems. Very close to the building you have a lot of places to eat before you go, cafeterias, food stores, etc.    Never met charles, but there was no need. He gave us clear instructions on what to do and had no problems with it. I asked him for an iron before we arrived and he couldnt get one, but hey, for our surprise, and his too i guess, there were 2 inside, so problem solved.    Overall, the place was great. Felt like a hotel room without a maid.    Highly recommend! Charles is an excellent host and his apartment is exactly as described in the announcement. The apartment is very clean, the towels provided is clean and very well presented, the bathroom is extremely nice and the water is hot which is very nice after a long day in New York. The area where is the apartment is amazing, there is exactly the same as in New York at maximum 10min walk (Macys, DSW, Northstrom Rak, Target, Brooklyn Fare, Trader Joes, Laundry, Barclays center .. .) like a little New York at hand. The restaurant around the apartment are also great, There are in all for the price, and there are also many nice bars that allow to spend a good evening. The area is on the flat and well secured on neighbors even if it seems eccentric or bizar, they are very polite and smiling and we were never asked any worries for 9 days so they really need to be afraid of it . The apartment is extremely well connected by metro (direct line to JFK, Manhattan, Coney Island and ^^). All this means that if we were to return to New York we would return without any worries and even with pleasure to the home of Charles. Weve really enjoyed our stay at Charles place! Its location is very convenient with regards to the metro; a station is close and a few other lines have stops a short walk away. There are plenty of food options close to this place and you can easily spend a day or 2 getting your shopping groove as well! We felt safe in the neighborhood at all times and found people to be friendly and helpful. The building itself is secure and yes, you will see some interesting looking people there. These people were all friendly though and kept to themselves mostly, but the few short conversations we had were nice and friendly.   The place itself is small, but fits 2 people just fine even with the sofa bed stretched out. The kitchen is fine for making breakfast in the morning though, no hassle at all. Preparing a full diner would be a bit more of a challenge, but is not impossible.   The bathroom is quite spacious and the water is nice and hot :).     Special mention for the drawing on the wall!  Weve spent quite some time looking at this.    Charles himself was very easy to contact and always responded quickly. An issue with blankets for the sofa bed was looked at the same night! He also kindly provided us with free tickets to something he helped organize :).     Will definitely think of this place first if I ever visit NYC again! I found it actually adds to the NYC experience to not have my ""base"" in Manhattan.    Petit studio très bien situé au centre ville de Brooklyn. A 2 pas de Manhattan. Charles est très gentil et très accueillant. Toujours disponible pour répondre aux questions et demandes diverses. Il devrait penser à mettre de bons stores pour éviter que la lumière ne rentre dans lappartement aux aurores. Quelques équipements supplémentaires pourraient être rajoutés. Rien de bien grave. Très bon séjour au global. A 101% satisfaction with the flat. So well placed,one feels safe,comfortable and cosy. The neighborhood is delightful,many little shops,bars,terraces,snacks with very reasonable prices. Hope to have an opportunity to stay in again. Bravo Charles!! clean, neat, Nice view, good location :)  Le quartier est très agréable et lappartement idéalement situé. Cependant nous avons eu beaucoup de difficultés à trouver lappartement dû à une erreur de réservation de la part de Charles qui ne nous avait pas donné les indications pour trouver lappartement et savoir comment se présenter auprès des surveillants de limmeuble.   The room and the host are great. Me and my GF stayed there for 10 days and it was fantastic. As some people mentioned, the building itself is great, people are friendly and the location is good for wandering around Brooklyn and Manhattan by foot or Citibike (closest station is 1 block away). Connections for subway are great, as mentioned. It is also good to cross Brooklyn Bridge by foot as the flat is very close to it.  The room itself is very warm and nice and it was very clean when we arrived. The view from the bed is just fantastic. The communication with Charles was fast and easy and he was very patient with us as this was our first Airbnb rental and we had lots of questions. Our stay here was a very pleasant expirience and I would recommend it to anyone that wants to see whole NYC not just a few famous landmarks on Manhattan. Charles was a great host. The appartment is perfectly located and the neighborhood is very nice with many place to eat and drink and all the metro lines are really near. The building is really safe. I aspected an more clean appartment. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting."	0
541	The place is good and safe. Clean and Tidy. Comfort is the main Thing!. I will surely come back and stay again❤️❤️❤️ The location could not be more perfect for a couple of days I NY! Apartment was small, but still it had all what we needed. Perfect for a family stay for a couple of nights. Wifi was great. Nice appartment in the middle of everything you need and want to see.  Short walk to Times Square (where we bought hop on - hop off tickets). Close to Central Park and many other must see things in New York. Not recommended to bring a car, expect 40-50 USD per day for parking, besides that it is a highly recommended appartment to rent. Kevins apartment was a perfect fit for our stay. The apartment was clean and comfortable. It was a short walk from restaurants and several tourist attractions. Most importantly, communication with Kevin was simple and he accommodated our check-in and check-out needs! Would highly recommend this apartment!  Very good location for a food or theater trip Good location very central.   It is a bit tight for 8 people especially if with children. But if its just for sleeping youll be fine. Warning that you do need to go up 2 flights of narrow stairs to get to the flat.   Great wifi and loads of socket points for your devices. Kevin was a great host! He was easy to communicate with and was accommodating and flexible! His home was in a great location, was clean and perfect for our family vacation! Great location  The first word you read is Stunning this is anything but stunning.  We were so shocked when we walked through the door. The size of the place, its so small.   The bunk beds were so noisy and uncomfortable. It is literally just a base. There is one pan to cook with, very limited utensils and half of the cupboards are locked shut.   The neighbours had parties and kept us awake most nights. I didnt have a solid night sleep in the 4 nights we stayed here.  The AC is useless, its so noisy and the one in the bedroom with the bunk beds sounds like its about to take off to space.  I wouldnt stay here again if I was paid to. Im so disappointed about the description of this place, its very deceiving. Muy amables y flexibles los anfitriones para dejarnos las llaves en un lugar accesible.  Yo creo que es importante que se indiquen las dimensiones del departamento porque las fotos dan la impresión de un departamento amplio y moderno de lo que es. No TV.  Very small. No place but closets to put clothing. 2 very steep flights of stairs. Really happy! Short walk from all the tourist attractions! Very happy with the communications! Will be booking again! The communication per E-mail via Kevin and with Matthew was perfect. Matthew give us the apartement, he was very friendly and helpful. There are two steep stairs to the apartement. The rooms were very clean and the location of the apartement is perfect - short walks to Times Square, Central Park etc. But I would not recommend staying there with more then 4 people, otherwise the apartement is too small and crowded. Me and my family had an AMAZING stay at Kevin’s house, the apartment was clean, and everything ready for us. It’s a great deal for the location and a true NYC experience, there are restaurants surrounded all around the apartment and Time Square only 5 minutes away.   The building is older but that’s to be expected since it’s NYC, I would definitely recommend this place if you come to NY, thank you Kevin!! Host was great at communicating. Nice central location. Lappartamento ha un posizione fantastica! il che lunico punto di forza dellappartamento MA ... 1) la pulizia lascia a desiderare... 2) la dimensione è davvero minima 3) i servizi quasi inesistenti! Lhost non si è mai visto (le chiavi erano sotto lo zerbino) / le stoviglie non sono in numero sufficiente per gli ospiti (4 piatti con 5 ospiti) / servizi accessori pari a zero (non cè nemmeno il phon) 4) il rumore costante, soprattutto per il fatto che non ci sono i doppi vetri e lappartamento è al secondo piano Fantastic experience, the home is located in a great neighborhood, I would stay again and really clean. Thanks Kevin! As I stated in my many message to Kevin and Konrad (his house manager?), the unit was not as listed and there was no way there was room for even six, let alone seven people to stay in the unit. The bathroom was very very unclean. The floors hadnt been swept or mopped. They were sticky and dirty. The air conditioner was still in the window, and because of that, the bedroom was absolutely freezing. The window in the other bedroom was stuck cracked open, therefore the rest of the unit was also freezing. The top bunk of the bunk bed could only hold one adult, so two adults had to share the tiny futon in the living room. Not only that, but there were people running up; and down the stairs all night, banging on the door, drunk and acting crazy. After contacting Konrad, he said he was going to refund us the rest of our stay, as we only stayed the one night. Since then Ive spoken to Konrad multiple times and he keeps putting off giving me any actual proof that we will be getting a refund. Ive also contacted Kevin and have heard nothing back. This is currently being dealt with through Airbnb, as this unit was nothing like it was described, and definitely was not clean. I have all the emails and text messages from Kevin, Konrad, and the cleaning guy, who would also not let us check in on time because he was not done cleaning the unit. The one plus was the location of the unit. It was very close to downtown. The kitchen and linens were clean as well. We just wanted to give a huge thanks to you Kevin. You were always quick to answer our messages and calls with answers to our questions which was so great. The location of this place was near by many attractions and restaurants. Perfect for a few night getaway with four people. We had a great time and are very pleased with everything!!!  I love it there best pace I ever stay in New York City, perfect location Two blocks from time square. Really clean, and Kevin it’s very flexible. I recommend this place and will be back next year. Thanks Would definitely recommend this apartment as the locale to Times Square and broadway and other main sites were perfect and well within walking distance.  Apartment was very clean and tidy.  Main bedroom in on the corner of w52nd and 9th and can be a little noisey and times. Although other bedroom at opposite end of apartment was definitely a lot quieter. Lots of places to eat literally on your doorstep. Overall I would def recommend this apartment and would def stay again. Safe street and zone. Very close to Times Square and Central Park. Just some feet away from food markets, Starbucks and restaurants. A bit noisy due to Ambulance/Police/Fire  sirens. Water cold and hot perfect. Heating perfect. Quick response by the Manager. Microvawe, fridge and oven perfect. Comfortable beds. Nice apartment though not that nice building. No elevator but stairs are ok. 3rd floor ok We made Kevins place work for four people!!  Thanks Kevin..the place was nice and clean when we arrived.. Everything worked.. No issues Great location to stay as it is located in Hell’s Kitchen which is a very fun place to go for bars and restaurants. The location was also close to Times Square and several locations where we wanted to see. We had a great time staying in NY!! Nice small apartment with great location, everything we want to see and do was walking distance. Both host and cohost were really sweet responded to all our needs and would recommend them to others.	0
542	Sinaly was very communicative right from the start and was keen to know my flight and arrival , he was waiting for me though it took me one hour to get through immigration and filing claim for my lost baggage. The place was nice clean and felt like home it was in a nice peaceful neighborhood and shops were a short walk and Metro was a 10 minute walk away.Sinaly and his partnerAayaana took care of us as we were family and took extra care that our stay was comfortable, it was very sweet of Ayaana to give us a parting gift with a lovely card.Would love to stay there again. Sinaly and Ayanna were really welcoming. They were very helpful from the beginning of our stay. We enjoyed living with them so much so that we per longed our stay. The facilities of the house are very good. The bedrooms are a good size with lots of storage. The kitchen comes fully equipped. The area is nice and quiet. The subway is quite close but leave yourself 45mins if travelling to centre Manhattan.  Sinaly was very attentive, he waited till we arrived at the house and then showed the place and facilities. The room was very comfortable, ample space for two guests and plenty of closet space. The kitchen had all we needed (stove, microwave, cookware, fridge,plates, cups, etc) and was clean most of the time. There were 2 bathrooms, so there was no problem with the sharing. The neighborhood was nice, lots of green areas. Its 5 minutes away from the B46 bus that takes you to the Utica subway station where you can take the train to Manhattan (20min ride aprox.)  Our experience was horrible. We had to wait outside the home for like an hour and there was no one to open the door. I told the host about our arrival time. We called him and knocked the door like 100 times. We called him on the number which was given on airbnb but he said that my number on airbnb is wrong. When i was doing the reservation, i mentioned him clearly about our arrival time. The host does not have serious behaviour. We asked him many times for blanket and iron but he didnt give us. The room and bathroom was dirty. We booked the room for 6 days but we got really upset and left his house the very next day. Kitchen was also very dirty. The day we arrived, the room was not cleaned and there were dirty sheets. The last day we called him that we are leaving your house he said i am coming but he never came. We asked him to give our deposit back but he became very rude. We called airbnb and got email of our check out but we didnt get our money back. Place was okay, communication of host could be better 	0
543	"Жильё полностью соответствовало фотографиям. Хорошее расположение относительно центра (до Таймс Сквер 20 минут езды), удобно добираться на общественном транспорте (3 минуты пешком до метро 145 улица или 10 минут пешком до метро 135 улица). Гарлем - нормальный, спокойный, некриминальный район!   Никаких бытовых проблем не было. С Lilia было приятно пообщаться на русском языке. Если еще раз приеду - постараюсь опять здесь поселиться! Lilia was very responsive and helpful when I lost my keys. Also accommodated some other requests. My stay was very pleasant and uneventful. The neighborhood was fine and felt like home. Got what I payed for. Line 3 subway   is right around the corner. Lilia was very nice and helpful. If youre a baseball fan, the yankees stadium is not far. Will definitely stay there again :-) Lilia was a very nice host who responded to my questions and helped me out when I had a problem. When it got cold towards the end of my stay she got me a warmer blanket and a heater and her boyfriend fixed our internet when we had trouble with it. The appartement is on the sixth floor of a house with many parties but it is calm, only on the weekends people are sometimes celebrating outside on the streets. The room is small but has everything you need,  a comfortable bed, a small desk, a wardrobe and a big mirror. The kitchen equipment is adequate and the fridge quite big. The bathroom is okay too with a shower inside the bathtube. This is a three room appartement and I enjoyed the company of my two other (Hidden by Airbnb) . Harlem is a good area to live, I did never feel unsafe on the streets, the appartement is cery close to a subway station and you are at Times Square within 25 minutes. In addition a laundry room and two grocery stores are within five minutes walk.  Lilia was very nice the whole time, the room is small but theres enough room and the apartment itself has good essentials (restroom, kitchen, living room). The neighborhood is okay, laundromat only 2 blocks away. MYSTERIOUS BUG BITE MARKS ALL OVER MY BODY! I asked another girl living there if she had experienced similarly. She confirmed having the same exact bite marks just two weeks prior. When I told Lilia that I suspected bed bugs, she nonchalantly said they will replace the mattresses. Fumigation needs to occur in order to get rid of these! I had to end my stay early and go to a hotel (after spending hours sanitizing my clothes to prevent them from spreading). My stay was completely ruined. It was HELL. It is still hell as I am suffering from the painful, itchy bite marks six days after moving out. Trust me---DO NOT STAY HERE. Bite marks can take up to 12-14 days to appear on your skin. Mine took 11 days to appear.  Lilia is really kind and helpful! And I love the room :) For a short stay period (I would say, up to 3 months), this apartment is fine. It has all the equipments in the bathroom and kitchen and foremost, the bed was good. As you might expect from this neighbourhood, the apartment is not perfect. Sometimes the heat turns off (or on) whether or not you want that. Also, it is clear that some parts/corners of the kitchen and bathroom are never cleaned. However, I was quite able to make the apartment comfortable and I have no regrets about renting this specific place.     Furthermore, I liked having roommates from all different backgrounds, the subway station is close by and easy to reach, laundry is close by, supermarkets are close by. The neighbourhood is safe, in my experience, although I didnt often go out during nights.     I recommend this place for short-stay and if you like having roommates.  I stayed for 5 months. The apartment is well-located. Subway, groceries and laundry are close-by. From my experience, the neibourhood is quite safe, but I didnt ever go out late at night. The apartment is on the fifth floor. Note that there is no lift in the building (this was not a problem at all for me). Lilia doesnt live in the apartment, I met her only once but shes always easy to reach via Airbnb. In addition to this one, Lilia rents 2 rooms in this apartment and 3 ones in an identical apartment just above. I really enjoyed interacting with all these roommates from different countries. The bathroom and the kitchen had everything I needed. The apartment is very clean by my standards. Since it is old, however, there are a few problems, with the heating system for instance, but nothing unmanageable. Overall, great value for money, Im very happy with my choice. Small but nice apartment very close to subway what takes you anywhere in Manhattan in north - south direction. Thanks it I spent nice time in New York. I would recommend this apartment.  Great place to stay if youre commuting throughout Harlem. Really close to the #3 train. Also really close to Rucker league basketball games. I stopped and watched really often.  No es lo que parece a priori en las fotos porque está bastante más viejo y descuidado que lo que se aprecia en las mismas.   La limpieza no se ha realizado a fondo desde hace muchos años, eso se nota en las esquinas, la cortina de la ducha y los rincones de cualquier parte. La cocina es incomoda porque las cajoneras y armarios no tienen tiradores.   Estuvimos casi todo el mes sin bombillas /iluminación en la zona común /sala de estar.   Se hicieron obras de remodelación del suelo del baño durante mi estancia y se alargaron mucho más de lo que se suponía con lo que ha sido incomodo tener que subir al piso de arriba a compartir el baño con otros muchos vecinos. Así que habiendo pagado por un piso con baño... durante los últimos días de mi estancia no tuve baño. Debería haber coordinado las obras del suelo del baño en un momento en el que el piso estuviera vacío.  Mi habitación sólo tenía un enchufe con lo que se hacía incómodo utilizar a la vez el ordenador, cargar el móvil etc.  Además no tiene luz en el techo de la habitación... solo una lampara de pie tipo IKEA.   En la pared de la habitación había un mosquito grande aplastado que nadie se había molestado en limpiar, al igual que un gran chicle pegado en la pared cerca de la cabecera de la cama ...  Debo decir eso si, que la cama era muy cómoda y descansé muy bien.   La comunicación con Lilia fue muy buena en todo momento a través de la app de Airbnb  En resumen, para haber pagado aproximadamente 800 dólares por un mes está bastante bien para sobrevivir ""económicamente"" en NYC The location is very good.  The apartment is near to subway. And  there are many kitchen instrumental; microwave, kettle, toaster, and so on. So you dont worry about cooking."	0
544	Nice accommodation very well situated in Brooklyn ! 2 lovely cats also :-) Erin made all her possible to make our stay comfortable !!   Very good experience...    Jeff The apartment was great and we really enjoyed our stay. Erin was super easy to deal with by email and left lots of info about the accommodation and hints on things to do in the area. She obviously has a great eye, reflected in the artfully eclectic decor and homely atmosphere. There are lots of great bars, cafes and restaurants nearby as well as everything you could need in terms of amenities- laundrette, supermarket and subway all within 5 minutes walk!   Erin was great.  Our 15 1/2 hour flight from India landed at 4:30 a.m. and she welcomed us right up when we buzzed at 5:45 (a full two hours faster than we thought customs and traffic would take).    The apartment was exactly what we were looking for after a year in Delhi.  Fully stocked kitchen, a comfy bed (and day bed), cute cats, and right smack in Williamsburg.  We would definitely stay again.   Erin/Austin (her boyfriend) left detailed instructions on the apartment (wifi, instructions for cats, contact numbers, etc) and were responsive to communication before and during the stay. There was sufficient space for the two of us between the sleeper couch and bedroom, and I believe could sleep up to 4 comfortably (there is enough space for bags and such). I found the bathroom was quite small, but it is NYC--we didnt have a problem with just two people. No complaints about the apartment!    We didnt spend a ton of time in the immediate neighbourhood, but there is a T-Mobile where you can get a local SIM card and cheap local prepaid voice/text/data ($3/day!). I found the walk to the Manhattan train closer to 10 minutes than 5, but not a big deal. There are also a lot of cool looking bars in the area and by the Metropolitan Ave G-train. Neighbourhood always felt very safe.    Would stay again at the same rate if coming back to NYC. Location was perfect for our needs, good bars,cafés, shopping all nearby.  Apartment small but with good sized bedroom.  Cats friendly & easy to care for. Great host, super accessible. The cats are really friendly. Close to the L, great neighbourhood. Everything was really nice!  Nice apartment located on a busy Brooklyn street. Close to supermarkets, restaurants and bars. About three blocs from a subway station, really easy to get to Manhattan and to JFK airport.   Erin and Austin are great hosts who know the neighborhood pretty well. They wrote us important tips, we enjoyed a lot. We felt trully welcomed because they kept in touch all the time. Cool guys!  Its a nice place to stay when you want new experiences in Williamsburg, Dumbo, Greenpoint, Crown Heights... besides enjoying Manhattan attractions. 	0
545	"Perfect location. It is very small and a bit noisy but very clean and friendly staff. Would go back.  This was a great hostel in a convenient location for a single traveller on a quick trip. I liked the cabin layout as opposed to the traditional large room with a bunch of bunk beds in it that Ive experienced before. My cabin and the bathrooms were clean, and I had no problems sharing with the other guests. It can get loud, use the earplugs.  Awesome experience. Super helpful staff. The cabins were clean and comfy. Showers and bathrooms were also clean. Common areas were cool and relaxing. Perfect environment to work on emails in. Will definitely stay here again if Im ever in Manhattan.  Good place for sleeping! Very polite The Bowery House is a great affordable option in the city but do your homework before staying there. You shouldnt have high expectations as it is similar to a hostel providing very basic living amenities and not much else. If I had to be nit-picky, Id say the experience would have been much better if it wasnt so dark in the building all the time. That being said, the rooftop garden was pretty nice and relaxing.  Interesting place and comfortable bed. Very nice staff as well. But if youre a light sleeper it may not be the best place to stay as the ceilings are open and youll be able to hear the the other folks staying at the bowery house.  Very helpful and kind front desk. Check-in was smooth and seamless and accommodations were perfect - great location, clean, quiet and secure. Many thanks to the entire staff at The Bowery House.  Bowery House was a clean, convenient, and comfortable place to stay. Its a great value if youre visiting NYC and just need a place to sleep and shower.    I love that they give you earplugs so that you get a good nights sleep. The bathroom was nice (hot rain shower), but make sure you bring flip flops for the communal showers! Good choice for potential guests who do not mind hostel-like accommodations. Great location and value Its small, its cheap, and if you need a spot in the LES for the night its just perfect. Remember no guests in the hotel and bring your shower shoes! Good value I missed my flight and couldnt stay at the place, hope to do it in the future. Good place for a night or two. Sleeping with earplugs is a must. Other than that, cool, simple and very convenient. The staff was super nice and even tho Im 6""2 the standard room and bed was big enough. Stayed in a Cabin which was exactly as described.  Its basic with a bed and small dresser which was all I needed.  The 4th floor living room is very comfortable and there is a cafe lounge 1 floor below which was hardly used and a great place to get away and work on the computer.  Dont forget the rooftop garden and the location. The hotel is right in the middle of some of the best New York has to offer.  Staff was friendly and helpful. The bowery was very comfortable and close to everything. It was cool when outside was hot and it was cosy and warm when outside was cold and rainy. I recommend it :) x Great affordable place to stay in Manhattan! Close to Soho, Greenwich Village, NYU, famous Katzs Deli, Strand Bookstore, etc. The cabins might be a little small for some, but are perfect for travelers who spend 90% of their time out exploring and enjoying like me.  Good location, was exactly what I needed for one nights stay! Paid a taxi in advance to the receptionist and they forgot to get me the taxi when I was supposed to leave to the airport. Almost missed my flight and had to order a Uber. Paid twice and they wouldnt reimburse me and let me leave without really caring. The bed and the place was cool. Unfortunately the service was terrible. Kept overcharging for taxes, check out, and taxi that never came. I thought I was going to pay an affordable price but ended up to pay twice the price.   Excellent value for money. Be prepared for a tiny space and to hear your neighbors snoring (and their phones). Bowery House thoughtfully supplies earplugs and water, and you didnt come to NYC to hang out in your room. If you know what youre signing up for, its by far the best value downtown. Good location and quiet. Space a little tight, but for a quick sleep with little luggage it is ok.  A hostel in Bowery is a great thing. As with any hostel it is quite compact in sleeping arrangements. I am 63"" and had to sleep diagonally as I was taller (longer) than the bed when sleeping.   Great neighborhood with bars like the Library just a few blocks away you cant go wrong! Great place! Perfect for a single traveler visiting NYC If u cant afford an hotel or expensive room in manhattan, you can choose this one. Its like a hustle, but for young like me this is enough.  Not worth the price — it should be more around $40, not $89. Staff was wonderful — the only redemption other than location. This is not a room... its a dormitory separated by privacy panels and no ceiling. This should be more clear. I was woken up over thirty times. The noise levels were insane. I would only ever stay again if it were the only option and half the price. Good private Dormitory in a nice surrounding. Very central and ideal for single travellers. This place is exactly as described; its perfect for an overnight stay for someone who is just going to be sleeping here. I would say the photos make things look a bit more squeaky clean/new than was in my experience--but it was still a really nice spot. I didnt get that basically the accommodation areas are basically partitioned into the ""cabins"" but the cabin doesnt have a ceiling--its open-air and covered by a decorative trellis. Just as an FYI--I didnt realize that. I definitely heard people coming and going and some loud guests who maybe didnt realize that their voices carried easily through the thin walls/doors and open ceiling. Overall, I felt safe and secure and cozy in my little cabin. The communal bathroom was fine; multiple stalls for shower and for toilet. Things could be wiped down a bit more frequently but overall quite clean for such a high-traffic area. Its really a great opportunity to stay in such a key area--the New Museum is literally across the street. The outdoor roof deck is also super cool to have. There are lots of stairs--no elevator-- but didnt pose a problem. Nice desk staff and theres a little convenience store for toiletries and snacks. Great place to explore Manhattan from Really enjoyable. Quirky space. Centrally located in great neighbourhood. Loved it! Great spot for overnight stays Although the listing is clear, nevertheless I didnt fully realise that the cabin Id be sleeping in was open-top, and that Id be sleeping in terms of noise in precisely the same space as everybody around me (on account of the open ceiling). People can be incredibly noisy, so if youre a light sleeper like me its likely youll have difficulty getting a good nights sleep, even though the BH provides earplugs. Bedbugs Bedbugs Bedbugs. I got bunch of bites and it drove me crazy during my NYC trip. Although they refunded my stay, and took care of medicine, which was $9, it was terrible experience. Be aware that! Its a nice place to stay for a single person. You have your own, really clean, small cabin... You should know two things: the first is unchangeable - the cabin has only a fencing as a roof, so you can hear noises from the neighbour cabins (and there a many in one floor). The second is in some cabins the bed ends with the wall (so its hard for tall persons so sleep in). As my dad slept there, the first room theyd offered us was such a room but as we explained the problem to the crew it was no big deal to get a new one, where the end of the bed was free. Therefore I can just recommend the Bowery house for cleanness and the kindness of the crew. Good location! Very nice place to sleep after a day in NY. The location cant be better, right in the hart of Manhattan, with a metro station a few blocks. Thanks again The Bowery House. This place is disgusting and not worth the cheap price of a place to stay. You will not get any sleep and probably get bed bugs."	0
546	The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Check in was at 3, she told me to come at 8 because she had to work. Inconvenience number 1. When I got there it was a friend who met me to give me the keys which made me wonder why I had to wait until 8 but hey I already paid my money so I just said whatever. The room was dirty. They bed sheets were stained. I slept sitting up in one corner of the couch and call airbnb for a refund in the morning. I was suppose to stay 3 nights but I could not take it. This was a great last min place. Edvige was very accommodating and sweet! After traveling all day to reach NYC I was so happy to fall into bed! The best part is the apt is steps away from the subway! Im a vegan and I was able to cook and make myself meals. There are plenty of fruit stands, and other stores around for your every need. The apartment is a cozy 1 bedroom.  My host made the stay feel like I was at home. The apartment is very cozy and comfortable. I will definitely stay again in the future.  Edvige was sweet and she made our stay easy.   Edvige was very welcoming and responsive as the host. Her place is really clean and really welcoming as well. My girlfriend and I stayed there over the weekend and even had to stay an extra night and she was very flexible and caring . This is a great place to stay , the location is convenient right by the subway and  to other shops. We enjoyed our stay and would without any doubt recommend this place if you ever looking to stay in Brooklyn.  This was a great place to stay. She was very accomodating and accurate. Youre literally 2 secs away from the J train. The neighborhood is decent and fairly quiet. She was so patient with me bc i had a traveling delay from my traveling time. I would recommend this place to anyone!!!   Thank you so much E.  Séjour sympa  Edviges appartment is literally 1 minute walking to the subway, which is very convenient. There are lots of shops where you can find vegetable and any kind of food for really good prices. The appartment is cozy and there is a real bed. Edvige was very nice and it was really easy to keep in touch with her, she has a really good personality and is helpful, she even gave us some advises about where to go to shop. It was a real Brooklyn experience that we liked, we wanted a real taste of New York lifestyle. Thank you to Edvige.  The host is very nice and accommodating.  Just beware that this isnt the most attractive part of town and amenities are of low quality. This was my 1st time using this service. I would use it again but be more discriminating in my choice. Edvige was very welcoming and easy to communicate with. Place looks like the pictures. Right next to public transportation. Markets, delis and super markets all around. Would definitely recommend to anyone.  Very convinient! The place was just outside the subway, and even tough I only communicated with Edvige vía email, she was always so helpful and answered promtly. Thanks for making my bf and mine stay speciak! Xox Really great host! One of the best Apartments Ive stayed at so far on Airbnb , fully furnished and cozy. Perfect area, one min from J line train , supermarkets, wine store,salons, grocery all within 3mins . Gracious and courteous Hostesses, I definitely recommend  Never met Edvige but would book with her again. This was a great location for me and parking wasnt that bad either. It is a really small place and could use a deep clean but for the value it was okay overall. Very quick response and right next to the station and in an area with lots of shops. Edvige is very responsive and courteous.	0
547	The place is a little smaller than what it seems on pics, overall nice to stay for a short period of time. Liana was a very available host. We loved this area and street. It reminded me of a grungier version of Chelsea with the trees and brownstones. We loved the neighbourhood and found some great restaurants. It was central for everything. The apartment is basic but served our purposes: we wanted somewhere to sleep only !! The apartment was clean and comfortable and big enough for two. Liana and Gene helped us get our luggage up the stairs and spent time getting us connected to the tv. The neighborhood is safe and convenient for: subways, restaurants, markets, shops, museums, and Central Park.  We really enjoyed our stay at this apartment. Great placr & value for money! Had a great stay at Lianas one-bedroom for two nights. The space is not big, but makes up for it with high ceilings and large windows. The space is set up nicely with a comfortable bed and cleared tables and empty shelves to work at, relax at, unpack into. The location on the Upper West Side is near the subway, markets, restaurants, nightlife, shopping. The apartment was perfect for me and my 10 year old to call home for two nights. The location of this place was great! The couch is a bit small but still functions pretty well as a 3rd place to sleep. Liana was super accommodating when it came to check in since we were late. There was an issue with communication on how to check out (paper instructions stated to leave keys in the house and lock the door behind you but the keys should have gone back in the lockbox), the issue was resolved. Liana was very understanding and overall a great host. Nice neighborhood, nice people. People should be aware the tv screen is a monitor that requires a computer to attach to. We don’t travel with the computer, so could not access. We had plenty to do, so we were not there a lot, but it should be noted. There is is also no air conditioner in the bedroom and it was hot,so that was a little uncomfortable. As the weather cools, this should not be a problem. The ceiling fan helped, but not enough. We appreciated the other amenities -soap, shampoo, towels. Lianas place was a great value and its location in the upper west side was very convenient to restaurants and the subway.  The 2nd floor walk-up had a large living area compared to others weve seen in the area, and the wi-fi worked perfectly.  The TV was set to connect to our computers, which was just what we would have liked.  The kitchen and bathroom are small but serviceable, and the bed is large and comfortably firm.  House rules were simple and clear.  Wed stay there again in a heartbeat! This property is in a great location, but fails to deliver all that is listed. There is mold on the bathroom ceiling and grout. Although there is room for 3, this only has one double bed, so make sure you want to share a bed with someone. The couch doesn’t pull out and is the size of a loveseat. I guess I’m not used to New York prices. I stayed in an Airbnb in New York last year and thought that it was a much better value for the money. If you like to explore a different side of New York, this would be a good place to stay in. Although the building looks old, the apartment is spacious and very much accessible to trains and buses. It should be noted that the couch is good for one only and is quite small. Thanks Liana for accommodating us and keeping in touch efficiently! Lianas place actually looks better than the pictures. Great location near natural history museum, great for thanksgiving in NY. Wonderful location near from 79th st subway station. Neighborhood is really good as well. However, I was very disappointed for this stay. 1) Liana showed up late for check-in. We were supposed to meet at 5pm but she came at 5:45pm. I postponed the check-in time once but she said okay and late.. 2) The room was very dirtier than my other airbnb experience. Rat Traps in the kitchen and foods in the fridge. 3) Washer and Dryer actually werent in the room but airbnb profile said yes.. The apt is located in a nice area but unfortunately the place was not clean how it was supposed to be since I was charged with a cleaning fee, garbage can was full. Cable was not working and communication with the host was limited , However, the husband was nice with me on the phone.	0
548	Claire was helpful and welcoming.  The apt is conveniently located close to the subway. No a/c but Claire provided a fan that did the job. Plenty of room in the fridge. Clean bathroom. I would definitely stay here again. Claire was most accomodating. My sister and I arrived late from the airport and Claire remained awake to welcome us at the door. We appreciated that. We learned that we shared the same cultural background which made it extremely easy to relate to her. She gave us pointers about the area and made us at ease. Claire thanks for making our visit superb! Claire was a great host! she was very accommodating and nice. I stayed there nine nights and every other day or so she would text me to make sure I was enjoying my stay and didnt need anything. The room is exactly as it looks in the picture and is very clean and comfortable. The only downside is that central Manhattan is about 40 minutes away by subway however the station is a 2 minute walk from Claires.     Also, prior to staying at Claires some friends warned me about the neighborhood and how it might not be the best place to stay but i must say everyone was very nice,friendly and kept to themselves and I had absolutely no problems whatsoever.  I really enjoyed my stay and would definitely recommend staying at Claires! Claire is a great host! Shes very nice and helps you with everything you need to have a good time in NYC and responds to messages very quickly to make your stay as pleasant as possible. Best place in the mid of Brooklyn. 1min to the subway to uptown. Claires is an affable host. Her simple style and approach makes her place very convenient and comfortable. I will highly recommend her place to anyone because its affordable and in a safe place and very close to a subway. Claire was amazing about everything.the check in was supposed to be at 2pm but we arrived at 11am and Claire was totaly fine with it.the place was very clean,the kitchen was equiped with everything you need and the room was nice,cozy and it looked exactly like in the pictures.we got clean bedsheets and towels and she left little candies for us when we arrived.Claire was available for us all the time and she promptly answered our phone calls or texts.She provided all the information we need (the location of the subway station, laudry, cheapest places to buy groceries,detergent etc).She was very nice, asking us everyday how our day went,if everything is fine, she was always willing to chat with you, without being pushy or indiscret.Claires demands regarding the cleaness of the house were really decent, nothing to worry about if you are a civilized human being.the neighbourhood is decent,the house is safe, there are places you can get food at anytime close to the house,the subway station is very close( it takes 40 min to get to central manhatten and there is a direct train-which is really convenient).The staying at Claires place was very pleasant,I was satisfied with my choice,I strongly recommand staying here and I would for sure come here again. The room was extremely clean, tidy and comfortable. The residence is in a nice calm neighborhood, but the most important point is that the host Claire is super nice, welcoming and makes you feel right at home. We had an absolutely wonderful time! Clair was sweet and welcoming. Loved the neighborhood and apartment a lot. Highly recommend! Потрясающая хозяйка и отличное предложение, полностью соответствующее описанию! Рекомендую! Claire was a really nice host. The place was clean and warm (we visited in winter). The location was perfect,  metro station was just around the corner. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone!  Claire house is perfect. I had a really great time. Her house is very clean, quiet, cosy and comfortable. Claire is also super kind. She gave me towels once a two days. Its really helpful to me. If i send a messege to her, she reply to me immediately. Also the house is really close to the station. If Ill come back to NY, im gonna stay here again! Thank you Claire! Would highly recommend  Claire is a wonderful host, she went out of her way to make my stay comfortable.  Would definitely recommend!  Claire was very nice, and so kind :) The Bed is soft and comfortable. It was very cozy room. And house is very near to subway station. I really like this house. Thanks Claire!  Claire is a very hospitable lady. She communicates clear and helps you getting around. Great place. Clean!  I will go back! Claire was amazing host. She attends to your every need and makes sure you have everything you need! She was wonderful.  This is my second time at Claire during the summer and as usual Claire is a gracious host. The place is well kept and is in close proximity to the subway. I highly recommend Claires home. The place is very nice, you get your own room with a shared kitchen and a bathroom. The room is clean, spacious and with a high ceiling. It has a fan and an air conditioner, which were nice to have during hot days. The neighborhood isnt the greatest one in the city. However, the house is 1 block away from the metro station and you can use it to get to Manhatten in 30 minutes. Finally, Claire was very nice and helpful, and I highly recommend her place. I had such an amazing stay at Claires place. She is really welcoming and is always supportive in everything you need. She is a lovely host. The place is really clean, with the subway just across the corner. Laundry place close, groceries close and easy! This is my second time staying at Claires place and once again I had a great time. The place was clean, she was very responsive to our requests and she recommended good places to do the groceries. I felt safe in the house and nothing bothered me during my stay. Claire is a great host and I would certainly reccomend this place. She is good cleaner and very kind. I stayed comfortably. Thanks a lot. This was the best Airbnb I’ve stayed in in New York. You don’t have to question whether you’re getting fresh sheets or a clean room. Claire makes sure to welcome her guests when they arrive and get them settled-in. She cleans the kitchen and bathroom every morning and cleans every inch of the room when guests leave. It’s in a great location, right next to the train, and if you prefer Uber, it’s a short ride to Target and Flatbush downtown area. The bed was so comfortable, I didn’t want to leave. It does get chilly sometimes at night, so I would ask for the heater if you’re staying in the winter. This was a great stay, and I would definitely stay again and recommend it to anyone looking for an Airbnb in Brooklyn/NYC area.	1
549	The host canceled this reservation 37 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Positivo: buena ubicación, cerca de mercados, bares y metro. John siempre muy atento, y siempre disponible para cualquier consulta.  Negativo: Creo que es un apartamento para parejas, parejas con un niño hasta 14 años, no para tres adultos.  En definitiva: Muy bueno. Todo, y ni hablar de NYC!! Un lujo. Just used the apt to sleep at night only.  Didnt do any cooking etc.  Great location with easy access to get everywhere.  Cute neighborhood with places to eat, have a drink, grab a coffee, etc in every direction. John was very good at communication. I only stayed for one night but was really good  Beautiful apartment and pretty clean Definitely would suggest this to anyone staying in NYC. Close distance to anything and everything you could ask for.  John is an excellent host with great communication. John is charming and we stayed in his place twice while visiting our son. The location was perfect but the apartment was never clean. The floor was dirty the first time, we went away for 4 days and it had not been cleaned when we returned. The shower curtain was mouldy at the base and the shower unclean, the bathmat was very dirty. There was no mattress cover between the mattress and sheet.  When we returned the second time there were dirty dishes left in the sink to greet us. We would not recommend staying. John war ein wundervoller Gastgeber: Er reagierte stets sehr schnell auf alle Fragen, war sehr freundlich beim Willkommen und ermöglichte unkompliziert einen Checkout erst am Nachmittag. Die Ausstattung der Wohnung entspricht  genau den Fotos (in Realität sieht es sogar besser und heller aus), das Bett war hervorragend, das Sofa auch. Die Lage ist top. Wir wären gerne länger geblieben... A cozy apartment in a central area of the city, near the metro, supermarkets, pharmacy, a great wifi connection, comfortable bed, large TV with international channels, equipped kitchen. Although I dont  meet John personally he was a great host, we felt at home away from home, if I go back to New York I will have no doubt that I will stay there again.	0
550	The host canceled this reservation 44 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 6 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Jessica und Rebecca waren sehr hilfsbereit und man konnte sie jederzeit erreichen wenn man eine Frage hatte. Das Appartement ist sehr klein aber hat seinen Zweck erfüllt...hat dafür aber ein unglaublich bequemes Bett :) Wer nach New York kommt zum sightseeing Urlaub ist dort genau richtig von East village waren wir schnell am Union Square und Umgebung. Ein Bus fährt direkt vor der Haustür ab der einen bis zur wallstreet fährt.  Danke für die Cookies Rebecca & Jessie  The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 10 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great location, both Jess and the lovely Jillian were very responsive to my needs, the place is walking distance to public transport and East Village and I very much enjoyed my stay! El departamento estaba muy sucio, internet no funcionaba y nisiquiera nos quedamos, no se podía estar ahí, un espanto!	0
551	The location is a really cool spot. Close to a lot of stuff to do. The hosts were awesome! Super chill people that are very friendly and helpful. I recommend staying with them. They would definitely go out of their way to assist you in any way. Jane and Van were amazing hosts, so eager to help in any way they could, such positive, friendly people and the apartment was in a great location, surrounded by food and drink places and easy access to the city. The room was clean, spacious and comfortable and I would highly, highly recommend! Cant say enough good things about the whole stay! Unbelievable value for the area, both Jane and Van are super nice and accommodating. The room was much larger than expected, very clean and very comfortable. The area is also fantastic, with tons of amenities within easy walking distance. Great host, Good location a bit away from the NYC noise and yet close enough to all major sites in the City Jane and Van are very friendly and warm. Response promptly and are always willing to help. The location is quiet and convenient. The room is clean and has everything you need. Definitely a must- recommend to friends! I stayed for a week in Jane & Vans place when I came to New York to visit my daughter in university. The apartment is an old and small apartment but the room is pretty large, definitely larger than what I expected. It was clean and very comfortable, I slept well. Since it is an old apartment, bathroom is not luxurious but it is clean which is what you want in a shared bathroom.   Jane and Van are very friendly and are good communicators. They are just a message away to respond to you in minutes. They clearly do their best to make your stay comfortable.   There is a little desk in the room, which I used to work using my laptop. The internet speed is very good and very reliable.   There is a dog daycare and hospital downstairs. When it is time for the dogs out to go to the courtyard, they bark. This only happens occasionally during the day, you dont hear any dogs in the night. I worked in computer during the day and dog barking did not bother me at all, but I think it is worth mentioning in case you have a problem with that.   In summary, it was a positive experience, and next time I visit NYC I will check availability of this room first. Super quiet apartment with AC (thank goodness!!) Totally sweet host! Great location, noisy in the daytime but the hosts are very helpful Jane and Van were so easy to communicate with and very friendly. The room is clean and larger than I was expecting, and the neighborhood is quiet but a great location. Id definitely stay here again! I had a great time at Jane and Vans place.  It worked perfectly to have a place to sleep after a long day of touring NYC! The Airbnb was conveniently located and very clean. Host were accommodating and extremely helpful! The room was very clean, and very enjoyable..  the subway was close by and easily accessible..  hosts were gracious and very helpful.. Jane and Van’s place in the East Village was exactly what I was looking for during my quick two day stay. Check in and check out was seamless and getting a hold of either Jane or Van was quick and easy. The bedroom itself is quite large with a closet, desk, night stand, and a spacious, comfortable bed. My only drawback with this accommodation is that it is located above a doggy daycare which makes for some noisy mornings. So bring some ear plugs if you’re planning on sleeping in late! That being said, don’t let this keep you from booking Jane and Van’s place. It’s a good value and is located around plenty of restaurants, coffee shops, and bars! Jane & Van were flexible with my changing arrival time and accommodated my requests. There were available for any questions at all and were kind hosts. Jane and Van were awesome host. Their place was exactly as advertised. The room was very clean and the actually bigger than I thought, very big for a New York City room. I am coming back next month for a meeting and already booked again. Great value for the money. Functional, basic  and convenient to East Village area in NYC.  Towels and treats (orange juice, cliff bars) were a nice touch.   Shared bath for a couple wanting to head out promptly meant waiting for others to finish using it.  Arrived at night and it was difficult to find and get into the building Perfect for all east side venues and very walkable. Due to extensive construction on 14th Street I recommend using 13th street for all your walking destinations. Jane & Van were great communicators and made every effort to be flexible and accomodating when my arrival times got confusing. Thankyou for that. Their instructions were clear, their replies were fast. The place itself is simple but tidy and mattress was very comfortable. The location was great. Just what I needed - a place to crash while I explored the city. Thankyou! Jane maintained a speedy and open communication throughout the whole process. Van was very nice and accommodating. This place is situated above a dog daycare so there is barking in the morning/mid day; however, this wasnt an issue since I spent most of my time out and about. Would definitely stay here again! Thanks Jane and Van! The location is perfect, only 10 mins walk from the nearest metro station. Theres also a grocerys store nearby to buy some snacks and drinks. Jane and Van are so nice, making us feel at home. And communicating with them is always good and we can get reply quite soon. Itll be a good choice for guys who want a trip to those famous sightseeing, like Times Square, Empire Building, etc. Jane and Van’s apartment was just what I needed for my short stay. It was clean and the room was very big. The bathroom was also spotless; very clean for a shared bathroom. Jane does her best to cater to guests, as she had left me a few drinks and snacks in the room. She was always there to respond if I had questions. This was such a great experience that I would not look any further and would book this apartment gain. Thank you for such a great service. If youre looking for a place to stay in a trendy neighborhood, this is it The room is reasonable spacious and youre a couple of blocks from the train station - which youll need to learn how to use anywhere you stay in New York Its right next to a couple of bars and a cafe that are open late night if you like a midnight tipple Just what I needed. A simple room and a shower. Nothing more. If you are a light sleeper, be aware of dogs barking in the morning in the back yard. Is it a kennel? This room was exactly what I needed! It was spacious, clean and in a great location. The bathroom was also very clean. When I am back in the city I will definitely see if this room is available first. Jane was awesome. She left me drinks and snacks and was always there to answer my questions. She was awesome! Perfect location, clean room and clean bathroom. And also perfect hosts! Thanks for hosting Jane! Jane is awesome and communicates well. Great value! Bedroom is exactly as pictured. Location is fantastic - close to the subway and TONS of hip restaurants and bars. Place was clean, and there is a small mini-fridge in the room with some water and snacks. Hosts were very communicative. Walls are pretty thin, so you can hear the hosts, neighbors, and outside dogs fairly easily. But the place was very reasonably priced - would stay again.  Jane and Vans place is wonderful, from the location, coffee shop just below as well as the public transit being right around the corner!! It was a wonderful location!! An adequate room, a good location and WiFi were the things we looked for and Jane and Van’s place worked out well. Thank you. Great host, great room, very clean The place was perfect for me. Exactly what I needed so I extended my stay. Thanks Jane! I extended my stay and it was great. Jane and Vans place is conveniently located in East Village. The room was exactly as described, and was what I needed as a solo traveller staying in the city for one night. Just a heads up - and this is not the fault of the hosts at all, they were great - the neighbors in the nearby apartments own dogs, and I heard a lot of back and forth barking in the morning, especially with NYs thin walls. Not a deal breaker, but something to think about for the light sleepers. Thanks for the hospitality! Hi Jane, thanks for letting me book such last minute!!!  This place is great value for the money. Room is clean, bathroom is clean and so close to many restaurants. Right on 14th street so easy to get everywhere I needed to go I live in NJ and come into NYC occasionally and the first place I try and see if is available is this place. It’s definitely worth the price and the room and bathroom is clean. The hosts are extremely helpful and kind as well. I Would stay here again! Van is very welcoming and enjoyable to speak to. Communication with host was very efficient and any issues we had were resolved immediately. Hosts, 5 Stars! The room is exactly as pictured and is in what seemed to be a safe neighborhood and easy access to the subway. However, we found it pretty difficult to sleep as there was lots of noise from the apartment above and from the dog daycare below. Obviously at no fault to the hosts but if you’re a light sleeper like myself, it will be difficult to get any sleep here sadly. Kind and gracious hosts--my travel plans were changed because of weather but Jane and Van were extraordinarily accommodating. Booking at Janes place is the best way to visit nyc. It’s so cost efficient. The room was really spacious and clean. Jane even was nice enough to provide drinks and snacks. The bathroom was also clean. I was very satisfied with my stay. Jane and Van are excellent hosts!  Their communication was great, and check-in was a breeze.  The room and apartment was charming, and they provided all the necessities: a soft, comfy bed, wifi, clean fluffy towels,  plenty of space to hang clothes, lots of power outlets, a hair dryer, etc.  The location is great - a short walk to Union Square or the L train.  The neighborhood is quiet, so there was very little noise from outside.  My only complaint was that the walls inside the apartment were a bit thin, so it was easy to hear people talking in the other room. I didn’t get to meet Jane but Van was cool and very chill. This space is their nephews apartment and they rent out two rooms. Overall my stay was good, I really only needed a place to sleep and keep my stuff. There is doggy day care behind their place that can be a bit loud in the morning but that’s big city living. this was my second time staying at Janes place. I had a meeting in the city and Janes place provides the most affordable place and a comfy room.  The bed is comfy, the room is very clean, and the bathroom is clean as well.  Very easygoing guest who cares! Place was amazing!!! Jane and Van are great and extremely hospitable. Left drinks and snacks in the mini fridge and were extremely responsive whenever i needed them. Arrival and departure was flawless and the place was very clean and actually bigger than expected. Awesome value and a great location! Everything was as advertised at their place. I would stay here again. Comfy bed, great communication, very kind hosts. Ill be back! Awesome Bed!  The room was very clean and Jane was so easy to work with.  She was so accommodating.  The location was great. Right off of 14th street and close to the subway.  Nice restaurants close by and a coffee shop in the same building.  I couldnt be more pleased with my booking.  I will definitely be back.  Great price for the location! Janes place was easy to check in.  A 2 minute walk to the subway.  The room was very clean and big.  The bathroom was simple but very clean as well.  I would definitely stay again.  Such a great location in the East Village. This was my second time staying with Jane and Van. Place was great as per my first visit. They do an amazing job of keeping the room spotless and are always available for any questions or concerns. Great location and snacks and food were left in the room! Love staying here and will continue to book with Jane and Van in the future! Amazing place and great people. Would highly recommend staying with Jane and Van! Everything went smoothly and the place is great! Recommended! Hosts were great, room was comfortable, quiet and well appointed. It is a great location; the neighborhood is safe, fun and convenient. I would hope to be able to stay with Jane on my next trip to NYC.  It will be the first place is check for availability as I am in the city often.  Thank you for such a great experience. Great location, great value for a clean spacious room.  Jane was not here to greet me, but her Husband Van was.  The apartment was centrally located on 14th street which was steps away from the subway stop I used to get around.  I would definitely book again.  EVerything I could ask for and more. Clean room, and clean bathroom and a very nice host. Jane and Van were such great hosts!  Check-in and communication couldnt be any smoother.  The location is great; its just a short walk to Union Square.  There was very little noise from outside so we had great nights of sleep.  The room and apartment was charming and they provided all the necessities: a soft, comfy bed, wifi, clean fluffy towels, plenty of space to hang clothes, lots of power outlets, a hair dryer, water and snacks etc. I would definitely recommend! Amazing place. Love staying w jane and van. Great location and snacks. Janes place was great. Great proximity to subway. Very clean room and bathroom. Would book again. Value for the room is amazing. Hidden gem. My go to when I am in the city. Place was great! Had an awesome time and loved meeting Jane and Van!! Would definitely book again. Great place! Would highly recommend staying with jane and van! I’ve had to be in Ny for work over the last couple of months and I always book with Jane and Van. Consistent, pleasant and great value! I extended my stay and it was great as usual Jane and Van do a great job of making sure you enjoy your stay. Bathroom is always very clean, great hospitality. I have stayed with Jane for about 4 weeks now, while taking classes at NYU.  I was lucky enough that they had me for so long.  Thank you so much for being such a great host.  The place was all I could asked for.  The room was spacious and the bed was comfortable and only a 10 minute walk to NYU.  The train station was also only 1 block away. Clean bathroom and awesome location.  Thank ou for the hospitality	1
552	The host canceled this reservation 158 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The location is good, close to the subway (5min by foot).  The room where you sleep is okay, kinda loud because you live right next to a busy street and a train station. For a couple of nights its a great pleace to stay.  Christopher was very friendly and he also bought us a breakfast in the morining. I really enjoyed my stay, upon meeting Christopher, we had a 2 hour conversation about Brooklyn and many other things. Hes a great host, the apartment is decorated well, the room is quite big!! He was upfront about the train noise but I swear that didnt even bother me one bit. Really enjoyed my stay and would highly recommend.  Christopher was very welcoming and his apartment is centrally located. The apartment has lots of cool art on the walls and is piled high with books. Great air conditioning and comfy bed. The room is very loud, though. Louder than your average NYC apartment, so dont forget your earplugs! Check out Furmans for coffee and Sweet Brooklyn for food. Christopher is a nice man... Christopher was a great host! He was more than willing to accommodate me and provided me with great conversation. I would without a doubt stay with William when Im New York.	0
553	Good people, nice apartment.  Adonis was super helpful and friendly and quick to respond to messages. Will try to book with him again next time! The place is located in the hip East Village and you can easily find restaurants, bars, or cafes within walking distance. The place itself is very clean. My only reservation would be about the fact that the place is on the 4th floor of the building with no elevator. Thankfully i only brought 1 luggage with me on my trip. Overall, i had an enjoyable stay. The house is very very old and smelly. Good place to stay, very clean Great host, great location, had a great time! Loud and dirty	0
554	Host was very helpful, made us feel like home. A good stay for the price. The train outside makes some noice and the walls are quite thin but the host is very sweet. This a great place to stay Shah is an awesome host that truly goes above and beyond I would suggest to anyone looking for a cheap clean and well located place to stay to definitely pick this place Its slightly better than what youd expect a $60/ night room in Brooklyn would be. The bathroom and apartment overall were very clean. If youre a light sleeper, this probably isnt the best choice because the train station is a five minute walk away and its pretty loud if you have the windows open. Shah was a great host. He was  very friendly and always responded quickly to any questions we had Good value for money! The place is a little far from the city, but the area is safe and quiet. The subway station is just a minute walk from the place. Good house! But train is noisey. Bad Nice appartement but some nose (nyc). The bed is not perfect if you are 2, Shah was a great host, friendly and quick communication! Lou’s place was perfect for the single traveler. It’s a couple blocks from the subway, which is super convenient. Their was plenty of parking when I arrived. I would definitely stay again if I were by myself, but if I were to bring my girlfriend again, I wouldn’t. The walls are rather thin and we heard every bit of conversation our neighbors were having and can only imagine they thought the same. I want to highly recommend this place for the single traveler! I would have had no issues with this home had it not been for my guest. Amazing place to stay if you want to stay outside the chaos and the noise but close enough to enjoy the chaos and the noise. Room was very cozy and place was clean. Area was quiet and relaxing. Host was also great! Good room for the value. i was born and raised in brooklyn, new york. east new york to be exact. it was really great to be close to the neighborhood i grew up in. lous place was great for what i needed and they were extremely accommodating. i will be staying here again in the future.	0
555	This is my first time using airbnb. She is really caring person and nothing but kindness. The place nice and quite. Ill absolutely use it again. It was great location and very clean bedroom & bathroom. I loved staying here and will happily come back. I really enjoyed starting at Sharons place. The location was great. Easy to walk to the places I wanted to visit. Quiet at night. Clean bathroom and bedroom. Would definitely stay here again. Sharon was a great host. Room was clean and tidy. Happy with my stay Very strategic place , really Nice and safe place to stay Not only was the plane still sorry when I arrived, but I got kicked out before I even spent a single night because it is an illegal AirBnB.  0/10, wouldnt recommend.	0
556	Booked this place for my moms first ever Airbnb in NYC. She absolutely loved it - great location and great hosting! So flexible with check in and out times and now my mom will forever be using Airbnb! This air bnb is perfect! In the best location.. extremely safe neighbourhood and gets away from the busyness of the time square area but is still only a short distance from that area. It’s a fun place to walk around and have a look at some of the shops and there are some gorgeous cafes close by! - you’ll feel right at home here, and like a part of New York! Check in was easy, the air bnb hosts are super fast on reply and just a phone call away if you need. The apartment has a very homely feel to it. I really enjoyed my stay. The photos are accurate.  The hosts did an excellent job of finding furniture that perfectly fits the guest room space.  The building has an excellent location that is easy for ridesharing company drivers to find. Thanks again! I enjoyed my stay. They made me feel home. Great, colorful people. Great localization. Fast and trouble free communication.  Thanks one more for so warm hospitality. Absolutely recommend Leo and his place. Definitely worth staying here. Great spot great hosts	1
557	Susan met us at the apartment, walked us through all the ins and outs of the place, and even went out of her way to make sure we had coffee the next morning! Id recommend this stay to anyone looking for a good spot in Brooklyn! Great place to stay, wonderful apartment highly recommend!  The apartment is in an excellent location with may restaurants/bars/delis nearby along with easy access to many subway lines.  Susan was very welcoming and gave us a tour of the apartment along with answered all of our questions in a timely manner.  This place is fantastic. It feels like coming home, or starting at a friends place while theyre out of town.   The location is perfect, and somehow the apartment is quiet. Food and drink are super close; theres even an awesome hipster doughnut place right across the street.   Easily my favorite airbnb ever.  Susan met us at the apartment and made sure we knew were everything was in the apartment. She was very responsive to our communication. The apartment was wonderfully spacious for 2 people, with a beautiful and homey feel. We were steps away from remarkable coffee shops and restaurants, and less than 5 minutes away from the subway to take us into Manhattan. We could not have found a more comfortable and convenient location.  Susan ´s apartment is very nice and cosy with real spirit of Brooklyn. Good location close to subway. We will be happy to come again there.  So cute, cozy, warm and convenient. I love this place! The host canceled this reservation 81 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Susan was very communicative about everything I needed to know about the apartment. Even though I didnt meet her in person we talked over the phone and she spared no details! Would strongly suggest to anyone generally looking for a place in Brooklyn or near the Barclays Center! Beautiful apartment and had everything we needed. Would seriously consider going back there in the near future.  Cozy, and in the perfect location. Susan will make you feel right at home! We had a great time at Susans place, it was cozy, clean and convenient. Loved the urban patio for morning coffee, we were very comfortable and enjoyed getting to know the neighborhood. The hood is alive and busy so do not expect it to be quiet, great places to eat and get coffee nearby. Ideal for anyone attending events at the Barclay center since it is a short walk away. Thanks for being a great host, we hope to be back soon. This is a very cute apartment in a fantastic location that made me fall in love with Brooklyn. This is definitely a lived-in apartment so be aware that there are plenty of personal items in the house and that its not a spare rental. There are two levels of stairs to climb up to, however, they are big and easy stairs and should not be a problem for most people. The  very cozy outdoor terrace was a really nice feature.	1
558	Amy was an amazing host. She checked in regularly and was always available. She left a cute card, personalized for us with extra details. The apartment was really maximized well in terms of its layout and decor. The neighborhood is super convenient and fun. I forgot to take into account that it is south facing a receives a lot of light, so sleeping in is difficult without an eye mask (as is the church across the street, which rings loud bells each hour on Sunday morning)! There was some dusting that needed to be done, so maybe not ideal for someone with severe dust allergies. However, despite these extremely minor complaints, I would highly recommended staying here as it is great value and Amy makes it wonderfully pleasant to deal with. There are fresh linens and towels and Amy is always reachable. I would stay here again.  The host canceled this reservation 8 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Fantastic stay in NYC! Amy is a great host, always available for any needs Her apartment is really comfortable She provides fresh linens and towels. There is a nice perfume inside the house When you come back after a long visiting day, you feel like to be at your own home I strongly recommend it What a wonderful experience we had! The apartment was clean, comfortable and so well decorated! Most of all i cant say enough about the location! We were in the middle of all the best bakeries, shops, restaurants and bars. We never even took the subway.. Just walked everywhere! Our host was responsive and accommodating. Highly recommended!  Amys place is just as lovely as pictured. It is a spacious, comfortable space for one or two guests. The location is fantastic – close to the metro and with plenty of wonderful restaurants and fun bars nearby. I would happily recommend her place to anyone!  Amys apartment is so charming and in between my favorite neighborhoods (SoHo and West Village). Easy walking distance to a few different subway lines. She left a note with all the information I would need during my stay.    I knew the apartment was on a busy street and came prepared with an eye mask and ear plugs for sleeping.    All in all a great stay! Amy was very easy to communicate with and she gave clear instructions regarding her place.  It was perhaps expensive, given the size. I only say this as I stayed in another apartment around the corner afterwards which was much bigger and newer (or somewhat renovated). The area is great as theres lots to do nearby and so this is an ideal location for a stay and it was nice to have an entire place to yourself.  Unfortunately there is a lot of noise from outside that comes through the windows so didnt get a good nights sleep and the room was bright so if you are a light sleeper this may not be suitable. The apt is in a convenient location, near fun and interesting neighborhoods.   Despite the busy street noise, it was drowned somewhat by the AC & fan, so could sleep alright. Eye shades work fine, despite the curtains required to remain open.   I wouldnt stay here again because I need an elevator to climb 2 flights with a lrge suitcase and prefer very clean living conditions.  Amy was a great host who kept in constant contact with us on anything we needed. Location is amazing, noise is quiet considering such a large city and Amy had everything we needed for a short stay. Apartment was cute, clean and again I cant express how awesome the location is.  Amy was always fast in responding my questions. She left us the keys at a shop below the apartment and wrote a personalised and kind note on the table. Her apartment looks exactly how she described it: no bad surprise, except in the bathtub which is really old and surely not inviting taking a bath in it. I guess it would be fair to mention a vintage flair to this flat. Overall the flat and its hostess were good, but I do find it is overpriced for what it is.  The apartment was charming and lovely.  Our host gave us great restaurant recommendations too.  We really enjoyed our stay and was very comfortable.  Starbucks and a convenience store were close by, so that made mornings nice.  Would definitely stay there again. The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great place to stay in a wonderful part of the city.  Thank you!   Amy was no there, she said had left the key in a lock box with a code at the window beside the front door. Unfortunally the box was no there, even the key, and Amy was on vacation. I reached her by phone, It was hard to convince her I was in the midlle of the street after a long fly and it was very late night. Finally she had sent her cleaner with a copy of the key and she invited me  for dinner out next day.  The location is nice but the flat is really overwarmed by a bad heating. Closets are totally full by Amys clothes, I couldnt open my luggage, the kitchen has nothing to warm some water for a tea. The cleaner doesnt work so well anyway!  Im sure that Amy is a nice girl and I hope she can be a better host. In person, Amys place looks exactly the way it does in the pictures! So beautiful and homey. We were greeted with a hand written welcome note, so sweet, and were only a 5 minute walk away from my favorite breakfast place in New York (bluestone lane) and a ton of great bars and restaurants. Definitely would book again. My partner and I stayed two-nights in Amys apartment for a fun-filled weekend in the Village. The apartment was exactly what was shown in the pictures - very cute. The apartment is in a perfect location - 6 min walk from the subway, lots of restaurants and bars right below the building, ~20 min walk to the Hudson river to enjoy a picnic - its a pretty sweet deal! Though we did not get to meet Amy, she was very reachable and quick to respond to any questions we had. We would definitely stay here again the next time were in NYC! We loved the place! It was very cozy and reminded me of a home away from home. The unit was bright and sunny and not nearly as loud as you would suspect given it was on a main road. We heard nothing of traffic or street noise and slept well. The location could not have been better. Amy, although I did not meet her, was kind and helpful and always responded quickly. One could tell she was a considerate good host. I would highly recommend it and we hope to stay there again on our future trips. Thanks Amy! Beautiful and sunny spot with all the right vibe in an excellent location. Quaint and close to everything. Loved it! Amys apartment is absolutely adorable and I would recommend it for anyone looking for a few fun days in the city. The location is perfect, walking distance to all kinds of places, but not so bogged down in the main hustle and bustle that it feels overwhelming. Amy is so friendly and helpful!  She got back to me quickly to answer any questions I had and even left a bottle of champagne for us to enjoy during our stay. I wish I could give more than 5 stars!!!  Amys place is great!  Perfect location on Houston St right on border of W Village and SoHo so great access to both neighborhoods and public transit options.  Communication was great and check in/check out went very smoothly. Despite being centrally located the apt was reasonably quiet and quite bright and comfortable. Excellent, comfortable bed and ample bathroom for a NYC studio. Amy does care about her guests with thoughtful touches (strategically placed phone charging cables, Netflix, flowers, and great local recommendations).  Definitely recommend Amy and her lovely apt!!! Check in was easy peasy. Amy’s Space was clean and super stylish, welcoming, and fun. I will definitely be staying here again! It’s so close to everything! We were able to walk to a ton of places like the Comedy Cellar, by.Chloe, Kushari, Red Bamboo, tons of parks, and a bunch of subway stations. You won’t regret staying here. Amy place was great- exactly as the pictures show. The apartment is super quiet given how it’s on a busier street. There are so many places to explorer around the apartment and the 5 minute walk to the subway was a plus. Definitely recommend Amy’s apartment for a single or couple traveling, looking for a cozy place to stay in th heart of the Village.	0
559	The apartment has a very good location. It is very close from Central Park and the neighborhood is quite. The place could have more furnitures but it has been a real pleasure to live there. Paul nous a très bien accueilli et nous a bien informé sur lappartement et le quartier en général.  Le quartier est calme et les commerces sont proches.  Lappartement correspondait parfaitement à nos attentes car il cest un endroit simple mais parfait pour une semaine de visite.  Paul nous a bien accompagné pour déventuels problèmes et de façon très sympathique.  Cest donc un final très positif sur lendroit et je remercie Paul pour tout !     Overall the experience was good. The area of the apartment is in a quiet neighborhood and a 15 minute drive to Times Square. Paul was available to help us with whatever we needed over text and also provided us with croissants and sparkling water. As soon as we got to the room we started to unpack and right away we heard the doorbell going off. We asked Paul who the elderly woman was who was at the door and he said shes the nosey neighbor. We ignored her and she didnt come back the rest of our stay. The place was clean and the beds were very comfortable.  However we didnt get any signal in the apartment and could not connect to the wifi. Our flight out of JFK was late and Paul allowed us to check out late to help accommodate us.  房间属于美国传统住房,有点老旧,但床睡着还好,离市区远。 Pauls place was very close to the metro, in a nice community and next to a beautiful park. He was very keen to answer questions and concerns. The flat is large with and comfortable. The building is old, however and the floors creak. Be aware of this as there is a neighbor below who does not like noise. Overall, a very good experience! Paul was extremely accommodation as my husband arrived quite late and Paul waited to hand him the keys and show him the apartment. All was as described and very spacious. Was a great experience dealing with Paul, he gave clear instructions and was useful without being overbearing. Asked what beverages we would like one day before arrival so he could have it prepared in the fridge. Great host.   The place itself is pretty big and spacious you wont find yourself bumping elbows or anything at all. The bathroom was nice and clean as was the place in general. The coffee machine with capsules laid out was a very nice touch.   Cutlery and a fridge are provided as is all the usual accoutrements. The beds were comfortable although be warned one is an air mattress although I had no issues being above 6 foot.   Location wise the place is a couple blocks from a subway station, near a great wings place on the corner and near a supermarket that is affordable as well. The area itself is safe as evidenced by how there is a school right next to the place.   Overall great place great host great trip.   Recommended  We had a very pleasant stay at Pauls place. Paul was very helpful and kindly sent the keys to us the night before we checked in. He also prepared beverage and croissants for us.The place is very big located in a quiet neighborhood at Central Park north. Its only minutes walk to the Central Park North metro station. It took us about 15-20 mins to the museum mile by bus. We are happy with the bedrooms and the bathroom and felt safe there. Everithing went right. Paul is the perfect owner, good communication. The location of the apartment is perfect along the B line, near the park. Thank you very much. Highly raccomanded.	0
560	Super awesome place to stay! Close to several brunch places and night life. Very clean, also Gabi was a great host! Made sure we had everything we needed! Would definitely stay again!  Outstanding location the underground crosses all the other tubes went all over NY in no time plenty of excellent restaurants close by Italian, Mexican and Columbian to name a few. coffee shops for breakfast 2 minute walk. Just my cup of tea, thanks Gabi   Very flexible to checkin. 3 private bedrooms. Worth to the price!  Our stay was great, Gabi was super helpful and answered all of our questions. The place is clean and in a very nice location, with everything you need just a few steps away. The location is amazing , 2 blocks from the subway , 15 minutes from Manhattan , tons of restaurant around., Ill definitely recommend, this apto , you wont regret your stay.  Tidy little apartment in a wonderful neighborhood. The area is filled with cute cafes and a variety of different cuisines, and is conveniently located near public transportation. Gabi una muy buena anfitriona, siempre respondió nuestras inquietudes y la ubicación del apartamento muy buena, quedaba cerca de una estación del metro. Great place to stay when visiting NYC, very close to the subway and easy way to get to manhattan. Lots of shops and restaurants in the neighboring. Quiet and clean. Apt is very confortable, we had 5 people. Highly recommended, would stay here on our next trip to NYC. The location of the apartment is very good. The appointment has only a little kitchen where you can sit. The apartment was not really clean en is not comfortable. Excellent apartament in a quiet neighborhood. I truly recommend this for friends or family trips . Apartment is small but it has everything you need . Barrio tranquilo, departamento a pasos del metro, y de muchos negocios que te sacan de apuro,   impecable y cómodo.  Las Anfitrionas 10 puntos. Barrio tranquilo, todo cerca, tanto el metro como negocios de todas clases. El Departamento es muy lindo y cómodo y tiene todas las comodidades. Lo mejor de todo las anfitrionas.	1
561	Sylvias place was perfect for our long weekend in Brooklyn - the location is absolutely perfect, right across the street from prospect park and the metro station. We were also walking distance from several different bars, restaurants, and brunch options around the park. The place itself was spacious and cozy and as described, bed was comfy. Sylvia was a considerate and gracious host, very helpful and prompt to answer questions. Check-in and out were also super easy - would LOVE to stay here again, and highly recommend it to anyone else visiting the area! Very cozy apartment right in front of the Prospect Park subway station. All white and lots of sun in the morning streaming through! It was very lovely to wake up to. Walls are thin, so be courteous to the neighbors all around!   Would recommend to anyone looking for a place to stay in BK. Good value having the entire apartment to stay in. Sylvia was very good with communicating quickly and responding to all my questions. Very centrally located.  Close to the subway and very close to Prospect park, which is beautiful. Sylvias place is great for those who know, and have visited, NYC before. If you want to have a real Brooklyn neighborhood experience this is the place for you. Right outside Prospect Park and train station.	1
562	Michelles room was incredibly lovely! Her bed is so comfortable I wanted to steal it (by steal it, I mean ask her where she got it and by the exact same thing). The bathroom is clean and cute and the building is very charming. I didnt meet Michelle, but she sent detailed instructions, which was all I needed. I highly recommend her room, I had an amazing weekend staying there.  yes The host canceled this reservation 45 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Michelle is such a great host! It was very easy to communicate with her. Her space was very comfortable and welcoming. The location is perfect and close to the subway as well as walking distance to food and shops. Checking in and out was so easy and stress free. I would recommend this space to anyone and would stay again! Super cozy room! Bright, homey and a comfy bed. Perfect place to stay while visiting friends in Brooklyn. The host canceled this reservation 4 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting.	1
563	"Kettys place is perfectly home-y and adorable. Its airy and bright so it feels refreshing to come back home to after being out in the city. Great communication and would love to stay again! Ketty and Alan were great hosts. We had to make last minute plans to NY and found this place available which was close to public transport. The place is a fully furnished well maintained apartment with all the amenities in Kitchen/bath/bedrooms.  An excellent and comfortable stay! Bit of a transit to the city but manageable and get an experience of the skyline on the way via the ferry. The host is very approachable and their home is very welcoming. Everything youd need for the duration of your stay is available at the apartment!  Even though we never got to meet Ketty and Alan, they are great hosts! The place is very nice and much more spacious as it looks in the pictures. The connection to NYC with the ferry is great!  Getting in touch with Ketty was also very easy, response came always very quick. I would recommend this place. Kettys place was a joy to live in, an absolute delight. The first thing that will strike you is the promptness and detail of their responses to your queries. Then of course there is the apartment itself - a bundle of joy ! Everything was as shiny and perfect as in the pictures. Amenities galore and a simply amazing vibe just to be there. The wall painting is a great personal touch. It was brilliant to find a place which was not only very beautifully setup but also made all of us feel right at home. Ketty & Alan were prompt when messaging about arrival times, instructions and any questions we had. Very clean and well decorated apartment and in walking distance of food and bus system and good walk distance to the ferry! Highly recommend! I was at Kettys place for 3 nights with my parents and we found everything in the house cozy, clean, and comfortable. The decor and furniture are minimal but gives very elegant look to the whole setup along with a sense of modern style which we appreciated a lot. The house was well equipped to take care of tourist-related requirements. The bathroom have all the sanity requirements including the accessories needed, while kitchen was loaded with different type of utensils and setup to complete most cooking needs -- a very important aspect when traveling with family.  The building was quite too with nice people around who wouldnt mind holding or opening the door for you once they recognize that you are staying there. The neighborhood was equally quite and family-friendly with shops nearby.  Finally, regarding commute and that it is in Staten Island. Yes, still it is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for the price if you dont mind the 35-40 minutes commute to Manhattan that includes a 8 minutes drive and 25 minutes Ferry. The ferry is free so you are looking at only the cost of commute between the house to the Ferry station which is about 9$ (fixed fare with taxi) or ~2.5$ in bus, and less than 8 minutes ride. Great value. Clean, comfortable, roomy place to stay. Convenient enough location with a short bus ride to the Staten Island ferry. Ketty was helpful and responsive to questions. From the moment we walked in the door, I knew we had chosen the perfect place for our visit to NYC. The apartment is clean, bright, spacious and airy, with gleaming hardwood floors, big windows, and what looked to be a recently remodeled modern galley kitchen. The apartment is a quick bus or Lyft ride to the FREE Staten Island Ferry (free? In NYC? YES.), and the ferry ride takes about 25 minutes, offering beautiful views of lower Manhattan. Once you arrive in Manhattan, just hop on the subway to anywhere in the city.   The apartment has two bedrooms (one with a queen bed, one with a queen-sized high-top air mattress), a large living room, a high-ceilinged bathroom, and a large and bright living room with a sofa/daybed. I traveled with three 16-year-old girls; they slept in the bedrooms while I slept on the surprisingly comfortable sofa bed. There are plenty of pillows and blankets for everyone, and the girls said the air mattress was really comfortable. The kitchen was perfect for cooking breakfasts in the morning before heading into the city for the day/night. There are so many of Ketty and Alans personal touches throughout the apartment, from little figurines and mirrors to the map on the living room wall just waiting to be colored in (crayons provided!). We truly felt at home throughout our whole trip.  Tip: if you take the bus to the ferry, youll need to have a Metro (the NYC transit system) card or $2.75 in change to board the bus. If you havent been to the city yet, you can purchase a Metro card at the yellow store on Victory Blvd. (If you start walking downhill on Victory Blvd. towards the ferry, its approximately 1/4 mile down on the left-hand side. I dont know the name of the store, but youll see it.) The Metro card is the same one used for the subways and buses in the city, so load it up! We actually walked to the ferry the first time because we didnt have Metro cards, and then took a Lyft to and from the ferry after that (a Lyft ride averaged about $7-$12, which was less than or about the same as the bus.)  We will definitely book with Ketty and Alan again for our next trip to NYC! Kettys place is perfect! It is a nice a quiet place away from the hussel and bustle to relax. It is just a short bus ride and a quick ferry trip away from the big city. Her communication was wonderful before, during, and after my stay. When I make my way back to NYC I want to stay here again!  Once a resident of St. George, walking into Kettys apartment gave me nostalgia to beautiful hardwood floors, open space and bright lighting. The apartment is a short, easy ride to the ferry. The building itself is well maintained with friendly neighbors. My family and I enjoyed the artistic touches throughout the apartment that were minimal yet aesthetically pleasing. We also loved the ""community coloring"" wall art. We will definitely stay here again!  Pros:  Inexpensive.  Doorman in duty was super nice.  Felt safe in the place.  Cons:  literally uphill both ways to get to the apt building.  Was tough after a long day of walking 9 miles around NYC.  Spent a lot of travel time to get to NYC.  so if you have a very short period of time to see all NYC has to offer, best to stay closer. Hesitant to write a raving review because I want to keep the place to my self! However there is no denying that Ketty and Alans place is the perfect choice when staying on the island. Minutes from Wagner Clllegw and St. Johns the place offers the perfect location for relatives and friends to stay when visiting students. The home is well decorated, with wonderful natural lighting and gorgeous mid century modern decor. Will stay again!  I wish I could give Alan and Ketty 10 stars!  Such wonderful people!  Really great apartment in a nice building and super clean.  We had a couple questions and they replied immediately.  It was really great to be able to have a real NY vacation without having to spend an arm and a leg just to sleep at night.  I highly recommend them in every way.  We are hoping to return next year!  Thanks guys!!! This was a great space to recharge after a day in The City. The hosts were quick to respond with questions and comments. The apartment was spacious, clean and creative.   I would definitely recommend it! Perfect! We could not have found a better place for our NYC visit! Ketty was easy to reach and responded quickly to questions. Our stay was quiet and very comfortable in this beautiful tree filled neighborhood. The apartment itself is clean and well decorated, very comfortable and cozy. The master bedroom in particular is peaceful and spacious by any standards! And great living room/common area. We bought groceries just down the street and cooked in the kitchen, which saved us even more money. Superb apartment, stayed here for 10 days.  Large, comfortable, clean and bright, the pictures do not give it justice.  It is about 10mins bus ride to the ferry (bus stop very close to apartment) then around 20 mins ferry ride to Manhattan (ferry every 30 mins).  A few little shops nearby to get daily necessities.  Ketty and Alan responded to any queries very promptly.  If in Staten Island again will definitely would like to stay at Kettys place. Thank you for a great stay. I took a bit of a gamble when booking this because I had not been to Staten Island before and my trip was primarily to visit NYC. It was a well-worth gamble.   Ketty was fab as a host. While we never met, communication was a straightforward and clear and, even when there was the potential for a small problem with an electrical outage, Ketty messaged me asap. Awesome.   The place is a generous size and quiet. After a full day walking around NYC, its great to pop in, shut the door, crank on the AC and have a quiet snooze (my mother was especially complimentary of the bed while the air mattress did the trick for me).  Tips wise ... do your grocery shop before you arrive because the hill is a monster to climb and there isnt any grocery shop within immediate walking distances.   Tots would stay here again. This was a lovely place to stay, away from the hustle Manhattan. It was clean, and exactly how it was described in the post. Taking the ferry into he city was a refreshing change from the subway and very easy to use-it comes every 30 min., and its free! Passing Lady Liberty every day was just the right touch for a visit to NYC! Kettys place was super welcoming and made us feel at home. It was nice to come back to a quiet neighborhood after being in the chaos of the city. I would definitely come back here! Great place to stay!  Ketty and Alan are very accommodating. Kerrys place was a lovely, clean, comfortable apartment that was stocked with everything that you would need for long-term or short-term stay. The place is in a great location with easy access to the bus that would take us directly to the ferry to get into the city. Ketty was an amazing host! I went to stay at her place with my family during a long weekend and since our main purpose for visit was sightseeing in Manhattan, I was worried about the location. Turned out to be a great decision in terms of location and price. Her place is just a 5 min bus ride from the ferry station and it was very convenient. Will definitely stay with her again! This apartment really was perfect for our trip to NYC. Communication for arrival was clear and frequent, meaning we were totally aware of the check in procedures. Apartment was large, clean, and well equipped - pictures in the ads probably dont do it justice. Bed in main bedroom was very comfortable, shower was great, and the sofa was perfect for lazing on to get over jetlag. We didnt use the kitchen to cook as we ate out in Manhattan, but it certainly appeared to have all of the utensils you could possibly need. Location is good, the building is really great and the neighbourhood is quiet. For getting into Manhattan, we would give it around an hour - leave the house on the hour, be on the ferry at half past, so be in Manhattan for the following hour. Really not a problem when you consider people strive to ride the Staten Island Ferry! Overall, perfect apartment and Id recommend to anyone planning to visit New York. Second time staying here, happy with the place as usual! Kettys apartment is lovely. Very close to the bus which takes you to the ferry. Area felt safe, and the apartment building did too. Ketty and Alan were very helpful from the get-go, I had lots of questions for them (!) which they answered quickly and provided lots of information for our trip. The apartment itself is spacious, well lit, well decorated, and with a very comfortable bed (very important after walking miles around NYC every day!) I would recommend staying here - especially for the price compared to places in Manhattan. I would highly recommend Ketty and Alans apartment as a place to stay in nyc. We have had a really nice stay and the apartment is very clean and comfy to stay in. The ferry was also really nice to get to and from manhattan and the area of statin island where the apartment is is very quiet and easy to get to . We have had a great time and Ketty and Alan have been great to deal with. Staten Island is an excellent place to stay when visiting NYC. You can always take free ferry from Staten Island to Manhattan within an hour. Relax and fastest way to NYC. Dies war unser erster Aufenthalt in New York und die Unterkunft passte perfekt für unsere Ansprüche. Die Anreise war gut erklärt und die Fahrt mit der Fähre war (vor allem am Abend) jedes Mal ein Highlight! Die Unterkunft ist mit allem ausgestattet was man braucht und sehr geräumig. Das Haus war etwas hellhörig, alles in allem aber doch sehr ruhig. Durch den Portier am Abend fühlten wir uns außerdem sehr sicher! This was our first time to New York City - and it was our first stay in an Airbnb.  We were very pleased with both!  I wanted to be away from the hustle and bustle of the city and thats why I chose Staten Island.  It was a little bit of a trip to go back and forth to the city, but riding the ferry was one of my favorite parts so I thought it was well worth it!  There is a little grocer at the bus stop and the people there are very friendly as well.  We purchased breakfast each morning of our stay for about $10 for 4.  We loved so much about this apartment and the location.  We felt very safe walking around the neighborhood even very late at night.  I asked a lot of questions before we arrived and Ketty was always very quick to respond and was very helpful.  We are already planning our next trip and we definitely hope to stay with Ketty again! Thanks to Ketty’s clear information and communication we got to her lovely apartment and got settled very quickly. We then didn’t want to leave! The Staten Island ferry is a great start and end to each day’s sight seeing - really magical on the bright sunny days we were there. The subway (metro card system) we found quite expensive to use (as five people and no child discount once over 44inches tall) and wish we’d bought a week’s pass as we’d have got the value out if it in four days - just so someone else can benefit from our error! The apartment was secure - lovely cheerful doorman - and clean and homely with some beautiful touches. Our kids loved the drum, Shakespeare for kids books and the novelties of garbage chutes! The apartment has a launderette on the lobby floor which is simple and quick to use and a residents’ library where we dropped off lots of the books we’ve read whilst travelling - the place felt really nice - all the other residents were really kind and considerate. Put shortly, Ketty’s lucky we ever checked out - our kids were up for staying! We wouldn’t hesitate to come back and cannot recommend this fab stay highly enough. Thank you Ketty - as we travel all over we’ve seen a lot of Airbnbs and your clarity of communication, little kindnesses and  helpfulness made this a perfect stay. Many thanks. What a dream! This apartment is just as described and better. Gorgeous sunlight streaming in the windows welcomed us, and we felt right at home. The style of decor is so pretty. So many thoughtful design touches everywhere and a sense of whimsy, including in the house rules note.  We were in town for a wedding on Staten Island, so the location was ideal. We got a chance to explore and there are stunning views a short distance away. Hosts are a pleasure! First of all, you will not regret it. Renting out Ketty and Allan’s place will never lessen your NYC experience (because of the distance, as is the common issue for many tourists) it will infinitely make it more amazing. First of all, it is a pro that you get to ride the Staten Island Ferry everyday, as well as see the Statue of Liberty, and the beautiful Manhattan skyline as well (never mind the time allotment you need to adjust everyday, it’s worth it!). Now the apartment itself is perfect, it was large to fit all five of us in the family (all adults) plus our eight suitcases, with a larger space to navigate through the house still! The area is a residential, everyone was very friendly greeting us good morning/evening every-time we pass by. There was a store by the block that sells amazing breakfast sandwiches if you are taking issue with the convenience of the place. The bus station to the ferry terminal is also just down the street so it’s all just nearby. Ketty and Allan was an amazing host, easy to reach and very precise with their replies! All in all we felt safe, content, and happy as a vacation should be. The only con perhaps is the uphill walk towards the apt from the bus stop, but you really won’t notice it after a few days? Haha! Its quiet. Kitchen well equipped.  Doorman was friendly and helpful.  She Kettys place was quaint and lovely; it was an easy find from the Ferry.   Jerrys on Bay St. was great for a classic French Toast breakfast and Taqueria el gallo de Azteca on Victory Blvd. for the best local Mexican food!  However, there was a lot of constant noise from the flat above with a dog and busy feet on the wood floors.   Overall, we enjoyed our stay! Thank-you for your prompt and efficient responses Ketty. Kettys place was very clean and cozy, and conveniently located only a few minutes away from the ferry for easy access to Manhattan. Perfect place to spend a relaxing weekend; would highly recommend. Very spacious living, especially the Master Bedroom & living area.  The apartment is aesthetically pleasing, and the people in  the complex are engaging, as is the doorman! The apartment was very clean, and homey. Ketty and Alan were both very easy to get ahold of and helped with each concern we had. They even accommodated us by allowing us to leave our belongings in the apartment prior to check in as we had a very early flight. My only concern was the commute into the city which required a bus and the ferry. They were both easy to figure out I would just recommend planning an 35/40 minutes or so to get into the city. No complaints otherwise! Very quiet location. Kettys place was perfect!  It felt even bigger than pictured, so plenty of space, spotless, and uncluttered.  Bed was super comfortable, shower pressure great, and it had everything that was needed for my week long stay.  Ketty made the check in and out process super easy and was accommodating when some of my plans changed.  I was working in the area so I didnt go to/from Manhattan but the neighborhood felt safe.  Overall an excellent stay! Awesome at an awesome price! Was very spacious for the location. They were amazing hosts! Really loved all the small touches.  The only I would give as a heads up is that the apartment gets COLD in the winter. During our trip, the temperature was always below freezing outside and we were definitely cold in the apartment. Come prepared with warm clothes to wear to bed if the temps are low. Clean comfortable apartment with well equipped kitchen.  Very comfortable bed in main bedroom.  Had a good stay.  Thank you. The place was nice and very clean. Also the host is very friendly and responsive if you have any questions. The two things I can mention is that, first, the internet speed has a 15gb cap. So if the previous tenants use up the cap, you’ll be limited to about 600kbs internet speed which can be a bit inconvenient. The other thing is that you can hear the neighbour walking upstairs. But overall, I liked the place. The apartment was very spacious with a double bed in one room and a double air mattress in another.  Lovely hosts and a pleasure to stay here. As someone else mentioned, I dont even want to share how much of a gem this place is out of fear that it will be booked the next time we want to stay! Ketty and Alan were wonderful hosts and their place is so beautiful. If youre looking to explore Manhattan, but want an affordable place just far enough away from the chaos of the city (but not too far away to commute), this is your place. There were only two of us, but you could easily fit five people in here comfortably. The bed in the master bedroom is so comfortable that I wanted to take it home with me. We even fell asleep on the couch a few times and that was super comfy too! The kitchen is well equipped, which was a nice surprise as we made breakfast every morning. The building itself is on a very nice street and we felt safe at all times. Everything about our stay here was so easy, which is exactly what Id hope for on vacation. We will definitely be back! This space is absolutely gorgeous!! Every one in this apartment is so friendly. Ketty is an amazing host, the house is decorated so cutely and the views from the neighborhood are great. Street parking was really easy by the building. We just hanged around staten island and went to great kills park, and walked by the beach. Its great for sunset photography."	1
564	Ayinde was very prompt and honest in replying to my inquires regarding the location of home in proximity to the destination we were visiting.   Unfortunately, we left our home base very late and didn’t arrive to the home until the wee hours in the morning. Ayinde was exceptionally thoughtful and reserved a parking spot for us. After a five hour drive, I was very thankful and speechless!   The home was very clean, modern, spacious and more than accommodated our needs and the beautiful backyard/patio area was a pleasant surprise!   Knowing we didn’t know our way well around New York, he even checked in on us during the weekend to make sure we were okay. Honestly, I don’t know how close we were to public transportation as we drove to all of our destinations and were able to find on-street parking fairly easily.   We look forward to a future stay in this home!  From the moment we arrived Andy was extremely welcoming and helpful. Theres was a book with things to do and local places along with a first aid kit and a basket of goodies. He took care of all of our request immediately. The home was beautiful, very well decorated and super clean. It was definitely a home away from home and we will be staying here again when we come back to NY. Highly recommended!!  Ayinde was extremely welcoming, helpful, and responsive for everything we needed during our stay! The check-in process was smooth, and he touched base with us several times during our visit to make sure we had everything we needed. He seemed very interested in making sure we enjoyed our weekend in NY and even came down to let me in to the apartment around 5 am when I was locked out but didnt want to wake anyone up and was waiting In the backyard for one of my friends to wake up and let me in.  Host communicated very well, and took care of the extra needs such as towels. The actually Airbnb looked as it in pictured, however there was not A/C. There was as often a dog that made entering the unit problematic at times. I would recommend the place if youre often out and about and arent coming in and out of the Unit, based off distance and the difficulties faced entering the unit.  Great place to stay. Ayinde and his family were very friendly and helpful. The apartment was comfortable and nicely furnished.  However, it is a little walk to the nearest subway station and quite a long subway ride into manhattan.  This wasnt a huge problem unless we were coming back late at night. That part was less than ideal. All in all, though, it was a good experience.  Ayinde was the perfect host. Checked in to make sure we had everything we needed. Responded quickly to anything and has created a really great place! It was clean with awesome entertainment TIS with endless channels, amazing hip backyard and super close to 2 different subway lines. It was exactly what we needed. I would stay there again anytime and highly recommend it! Thanks Ayinde!  We stayed here for two nights and loved it. It was very close to the subway so we could travel anywhere in a short amount of time. I really really loved the design of the place. Not only was it super clean, but it was designed perfectly. It was very modern and sleek.   I will definitely stay here again the next time Im back in New York! Soooo beautiful in every way !! Aydin and Sofia was so great host and always available to help us . The house is in a perfect location, only 3 blocks from the subway to manhatan. The beds very cozy and the bathroom and shower was very nice ! Decoration very cool, so NYC style ! They was in all the details.  The neyborhood safe and very local . We really recommend this house. Thank u Andiye and Sofia ! Hope are you very soon :) Great little spot in Brooklyn! Definitely worth the value. Ayinde and Safiya were awesome hosts, and helped out with any questions we had. The best place in Brooklyn!! They are soooooo great. If we are going (again) to NY sure we will contact with us!!! ❤️ The house is so cute and we got all we need in them. Perfect, we dont say anymore! The couple were great at communicating and we appreciated the accommodations ! Convenient 4 block walk to the C train. When we arrived, we were immediately given a tour and any instructions that were needed. My friend and I didnt have a lot of questions, but the hosts were very cool and we didnt feel unwelcomed. Great appartement, the Subway station is near and straight to Manhattan .  Ayinde and his wife were very kind and available for any questions.  I would recommend this place if someone ask me Adorable apartment. Loved every bit of it and Ayinde was amazing. She checked in with me a few times to make sure everything was ok and if ever I did have a question she replied almost instantly. Apartment is located only 2.5 blocks away from the subway which was very convenient. Only issue was that the area in which the apartment was in was a little sketchy. We walked to the train station during the day but at night we caught Uber or Lyft from the train station because it just didnt seem safe to walk. I would stay here again though, for sure!  We had such a great stay at Ayindes place! Exactly as pictured. Our flight landed earlier than usual check in but they let us drop off our luggage which was super helpful! They were so informative and accommodating. Thank you for everything! Perfect stay! The hosts were very kind and helpful. The apartment is well decorated with all amenities and very near of the metro station (3min). Ayindes was a great host very attentive & great communication. The space was perfect and clean and had everything that we needed. Ayindes welcome book was very helpful. It included places to go to eat coffee shop and how to take the subway and which train to take. The Space was great, couldnt ask for more or better three TVs equipped kitchen the bed was comfortable the shower was great  love the space. So definitely be back. We really enjoyed out stay at Ayindes place! His apartment is just 5min walking from the subway. They checked on us every morning that was very nice and kind of them! Definitely would stay there again! I highly recommend this AirB&B. Ayinde was an extremely amazing host and really did have great communication with me. He answered all the questions and concerns I had prior to booking. Upon check-in, it wasnt hard to notice the cleanliness of the room and how spacious the unit was. The back patio was a nice touch to the place also. It was really perfect for my one night getaway. I would definitely book this unit again. Thanks again Ayinde and Safiya for showing me real hospitality. Ayinde and his family were very personable and hospitable from the moment we arrived. If we ever needed anything he was just one call or text away! The nook was spacious and well decorated with all the proper necessities. The neighborhood felt like home and we were appreciative of the fact everything was a short walk or subway ride away. Thank you again Ayinde and we hope to see you all again ! (Just in the spring or summer when its not as cold lol) We checked in late and Ayinde greeted us with a smile and a  basket with little goodies! They kept in daily contact with us to see if we needed anything during our stay. Good sized place. Great facilities. Absolutely loved our stay!! Thanks for everything!! Ayinde was such an outgoing and wonderful host!! We felt more than welcome and prepared in this beautiful spacious apartment. The apartment was big enough to fit 20 people and was perfect enough just for me and my guest. I appreciate the style and service we were offered while staying there. Very vintage and classic furniture design and the house was decorated so nice. Ayinde was very present and always asked us if we needed anything. the stay nothing short of amazing for me and girlfriend. I will be recommending this apartment to my friends and definitely look forward to staying here again!!!!  Thank you. Peace & Love Ayindes place was above and beyond our expectations. The place was immaculate and all the amenities you could ask for and more! Ayinde even offered to buy us a pizza!!!! Absolutely our best stay thus far!! Ayinde was the best host! He helped us with local tips, gave us suggestion s in where to go and checked up on us everyday.  He even took our dirty clothes to the laundry and got them dry cleaned as well!  Over and beyond host who really puts value on the people he is hosting!  10/10 we had a great stay at ayinde’s home. He has always been very responsive to help us in case of problems and advise us on the visits to make. Special mention for the warm welcome The accommodations are very comfortable.  The utilization of the subway is approximately 3 minuets away which is a blessing to travel to all parts of New York.  The host stays in touch the whole time in order to assist you with your stay. great space and great value. hosts had great communication and had everything we needed ready and available when we arrived This place was awesome everything about it unlimited tv’s ,comfy,CLEAN, space . Everything was convenient felt like my own apartment ... wish they was renting but it was great I didn’t really have a issue with anything I ate Uber eats the entire time I was there and used my lyft app for transportation. The backyard is to die for lights , little swinging seat made of net that was cool . Other then that I had a great time I just didn’t know it was a basement. Overall clean place no bugs no nothing . Would definitely book again . Ayinde was a great host. He made me and my friends feel at home. The apartment was in a good neighborhood, close to public transportation and really nice. Id recommend anyone staying here if youre in town. Très bon accueil de la part d’Hayinde et de ses proches. L’espace est chaleureux, fonctionnel, connecté dans un quartier tranquille. Métro à 7’ (Sheperd), L’autre métro (Nods) à 10’avec des boutiques achalandées en nourriture ouvert tard,  et petits restaurants typiques du quartier; un peu plus loin à 10$ en taxi ou uber , Gateway center pour un shopping  moins mouvementé qu’à Manhattan, Hayinde  vous aidera dans votre voyage et sa femme dans votre confort. En toute discrétion   Je recommande Trendy spot well decorated & spacious ! Kind thoughtful hosts !	1
565	Markus apartment has a great location very close to a subway station and walking distance from Little italy if you like pasta like I do this is a big plus!  Since I was not the person who actually live in. I forget to tell my friend to check in before go to Time Square. So I bring a little trouble for the host not be able to leave his house. But the host really responsible and keep inform me about what should we do and his situation so we contact perfectly and eventually he helped the non- English speaker  mother and her son settle down there. Thanks for everything  Markuss appartment was precisely what I wanted - basic, comfortable and well located. The room has two walls with windows which makes it fresh and light during the daytime.     Accommodation in this part of town is SO expensive, so if youre looking for good, basic value then Markuss hospitality is what you want! Great hospitality. Great location. Very convenient. Perfect size room with great view over looking Chinatown.   Markus is extremely accommodating. He made his home completely open to me, and yet provided perfect privacy. Very attentive with booking. He was my first experience with airbnb and he will not be my last. a nice stay  in his room,quite warm,the host is nice kind man Markus was very welcoming, polite, and responsive. I was in and out a lot and this was no problem. Even came back very late one night. The room was as described, small but comfortable, and in a very convenient location. Overall, positive experience. We really enjoyed our stay at Markus apartment. The room was clean and Markus helped us with logistics and was available for our questions. He let us check in early and check out late which was really helpful. The apartment is very close to the subway and easily walkable to parts of lower Manhattan. It is located on the 6th floor of the building so be aware that its a good exercise to get up and down! Markus was very welcoming and made sure that I was comfortable and had all I needed. Markus is very nice, easy to reach, and gave us a lot of space. The neighborhood and building are quite dirty but Markuss apartment itself is perfectly clean and hospitable. Be mindful that there is no elevator so you have to walk up 6 flights of stairs. I didnt mind.     Overall, the place is as advertised - you will be hard pressed to find a better deal in the city and with its close proximity to public transportation you have access to everything.  Good room, good AC, close to TSQR. Dirty Building, dirty neighbourhood. Friendly man. Markus is very warmhearted,he answered all my questions patiently,i really like him,and the apartment is very clean and nice,the bed is soft and comfortable,if i will travel to New York next time,i will also choose Markus apartment. Great Markus was a friendly and hospitable host, communication worked well. Markus apartment is in a great location in China town and the room was nice and clean.  Markus is a thoughtful host with a great location. Its in the middle of Chinatown and an easy walk to transportation for everything around. The room was comfortable, the bathroom clean, but the neighborhood is very noisy (doesnt bother me but FYI) and dirty. Of course we found New York as a city to be a bit dirty. The only bad thing I experienced was when we got back at midnight there were a couple of bugs in the kitchen, but the windows were also open. Its a 6 flight hike with no elevator so people with bad knees beware. Otherwise, a great location and a great host. The neighborhood felt safe for us to walk around late at night. Markus was very welcoming, friendly and easy to get in touch with. The building is a little decrepit but that is NYC for you. The place was spotless comfortable and had all the amenities, just as described.     Markus also helped us over and beyond what was required. The place is also 5 blocks from NYCs best doughnut place (Doughnut Plant) and a very good bagel/bialys cafe (Kossars).     Markus was very flexible with his checkin and checkout time which made it very convenient as my girlfriend and I travel standby on flights. Place was just as described in a great location. We will definitely look this place up again next time we are in New York.  Markuss apartment is in a great location in China town, just a short walk away from little Italy and the subway. Markus was a friendly and hospitable host, he was flexible with our arrival and departure times. It was good value for money and I would stay here again.  Fantastic room and a helpful, communicative host. Very easy to deal with.    The home is very clean.  Markus is a very gracious host; kind and respectful.  The bedroom is a good size for a Manhattan apartment.   This was my first time with air bnb and Markus was very flexible and gracious in working with me on getting in and out of the apartment when I needed.  El anfitrión consiguió hacer que me sienta como en casa por su cordial trato y la discreción que tiene, La descripción del anuncio es correcta. Markus is very kind. The place very clean. Great place, close to everything. Markus is a very helpful and genuine host.  Would love to stay longer, but his place is always booked out.   Efficient and simple. Markus was very accommodating from the get go. I would definitely stay here again Nos encanto. Todo estaba muy limpio y Markus es muy agradable. Recomendable! Markus and his place were great.  He was so kind and accommodating. I didnt have a long stay or I would have enjoyed talking with Markus longer. Excellent location - and for the price, it cant be beat! Se stai a new york per poco tempo, tutto ciò di cui hai bisogno è un appoggio in cui dormire, cambiarti e fare la doccia.  Se cerchi questo lhai trovato. Its a really good choice if you dont want to spend too much money on hotels. Close to subway station and restaurants. Markus is very nice and communicative Busses into Manhattan are never on time, but Marcus was very accommodating to our fluxuating schedule. The apartment had all the necessary amenities for a stay in NYC, and was located near the excellent bars and restaurants of Chinatown and LES. Cant find a better deal! Markus was a communicative, accommodating host who met us at 7am to give us the key and allow us to drop off our bags. He responds quickly via text. The apartment itself is small but very tidy and clean. The location is wonderful.  The host canceled this reservation 4 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. I stayed at Markuss place for a month to finish my internship in New York. The location is great, food is just downstairs and I can walk to my office from there. The room has a big bed and good enough table to work on. Markus and his son are very respectful. I had a very good lovely experience in New York. The place is in China town with lots of restaurants within walking distance. Apartment is sixth floor with no elevator so those with lots of luggages need to notice. room is clean, with all things needed. It can be noisy in the evening because of traffics but you can shut the window. I would recommend this place. Marcus es un excelente anfitrión muy predispuesto para con nosotros. El alojamiento es muy pequeño lo recomiendo solo para gente sola y que no le importe la limpieza y el orden. Hay que subir seis pisos por escalera. La ubicación no es mala. Pero justo en esa zona el barrio chino es muy sucio Very good host. Always available. The only downside is that the apartment is in a sixth floor without elevator. Besides from that, us a ver y good location, a block away from a metro station and near little italy. Good to stay if you are Chinese. There are many Chineses food nearby. Host was kind and respond quickly. But you better watch out many stairs! 5th floor without elevator. Very central appartment, cozy and clean! The appartment is clean and close to the subway. Chinatown is really safe and Markus is very helpful. Good value for nyc room Markuss place is very clean and is in a great location! He is very responsive via texts and the host that was there at the time was also a very sweet lady. If you can get past walking up about 6 levels of stairs (no elevator), you will have a very satisfying experience.	1
566	"A great host that made my stay comfortable and enjoyable. I was provided with anything I needed. The host walked with me around to introduce to local amenities. Great conversationalist, at the same time my privacy was highly respected and never distributed. The area was pretty safe. There are plenty of stores and places to eat to provide you with anything you need. The train is pretty close which enabled me to get to any part of New York. The train system is somewhat intricate though and it takes time to understand it better. The area is surrounded by the city life. Therefore, expect a typical big city noise. Overall, my stay was great and I gained very enjoyable and exciting experience. The place is great as for solo adventures as for couple travellers. Albena крайне доброжелательная хозяйка, очень помогла мне разобраться с транспортом, телефоном, магазинами и кафе. Квартира соответствует стоимости. Если нужно недорогое жилье в Бронксе - рекомендую! Very warm and welcoming environment. Easy access to main arteries and public transportation. My first at my new job as a school director was made easier by staying here. Albena was kind and friendly.  Very laid back and chillaxed environment. I loved her little figurines in the bathroom and the room itself was very large with plenty of space to iron and prepare my clothes for the week.  Awesome host. Was barely there. But host is very nice and quiet. :) Albena was lovely and her place was just what I️ needed for my stay in the Bronx. Great stay.  Place had everything I needed for the night. Very hospitable. Great host, quick responses, showed me the neighborhood! Albena est très réactive et très agréable. La chambre est propre et le lit est confortable.  J’ai apprécié l’adaptabilité Albena is a really friendly, helpful and nice person! We enjoyed that so much and her room is pretty nice This space is in a wonderful location, with transportation, food, and shopping nearby. If peace is what you seek, you can find it here. Albena was a great host, easy going with everything, very kind and accommodating. Her place is very convenient to transportation and essentials (groceries, etc), clean and safe. It was perfect for what I needed. Albenas place exceeded my expectations! The neighborhood is adorable, kind of tucked in and compact, with lots of restaurants and shops within 2-5 minutes of walking. The apartment was spacious (MUCH bigger than the average Brooklyn apartment) in a well-maintained ""classic Bronx"" building. Room itself was huge and clean, and right next to the bathroom which maintained a sense of privacy. Albena was a great hostess: cordial, friendly, quiet. One tip: Arrive EARLY evening to maximize parking opportunities (before 7pm): I arrived closer to 8pm and had to rove around a bit to park. Thanks Albena for a great stay!"	1
567	"Enjoyed my stay. Would definitely seek to stay again Todo estuvo bien, el lugar estuvo bien.  Esta muy bien Ubicado. No tuve problemas durante mi permanencia.    Good place and wouldnt mind staying again.  Yes the host was very welcoming!  The place was as-described.   Efficient and clean in a quiet part of Brooklyn close to a very convenient metro line to manhattan.    All of my needs were met and everything went exactly as planned.   Thanks for a really good experience! We let him know ahead of time that we had an early flight and he offered us an early check in time (thanks again!) Place was exactly as described. We loved the fact that it was super close to a subway entrance. Always responded within minutes. Would totally stay there again!  Place was exactly as described and was clean. I had zero issues during the entire stay. A lot near by and very nice hosts! Nice place, the host was kind and always available for any request and suggestion. Literally 5 minutes walking by subway. I suggest this place.  Lots of space, nice set up, very well contained little unit, beautiful kitchen suite, spacious bath, overall a nice unit. Bed could be more comfortable My parents (73 & 74 yrs old) stayed at Sha apartment for 5 nights and were very happy with it! It is a clean, cozy apartment and Manhattan is easily reachable within a few minutes (the metro station is really near). There are some good and affordable restaurants nearby and the neighborhood is very quiet. I communicated with Roc, a dear friend of Sha, and he was always friendly and helplful, even if my parents do not know a word of English :) I only can recommend this apartment. The bed and linens could have been a little more comfy but really my only complaint was the smoke detectors battery was dead in the stairway so for the entire weekend there was a loud chirp every minute which was very unpleasant. If I had a ladder I would have changed the battery myself!  They were a great host, tolerant and flexible, and it was a quiet place. A performer stayed in the appartment after a long tour and rest well there. Nice stay in NY. Spacious flat located near metro station. Shane was very flexible with our arrival and departure times. Thanks !  Quick replies and more than enough space for two people.  The only issues were that the fire alarm was constantly beeping due to low battery and the place wasnt spectacularly clean. Overall it was decent for a weekend stay. Great place! Private place, location is very centralized, about a 5-minute walk to the subway station. Great communication. Would def stay here again!  My partner and I stayed at Shas house for two nights. We had previously stayed in Manhattan, and wanted a base to explore a different side of NY.   The apartment is up two small flights of stairs, quite spacious, and has all the amenities you will need for your stay. The kitchen was clean and tidy. Overall the apartment needs a good clean. The floors were dusty with accumulated piles of hair in the corners/ along the skirting boards.  The bed is not particularly comfortable, and the blinds dont do a great job of blocking out the light, so it gets light quite early.   The suburb was fine during the day, however at night we were not particularly comfortable walking around. If you are comfortable catching cabs at night, then it should be fine. Its about 45minute walk to the Islanders Hockey stadium which is convenient, and very close to the train into Manhattan.   Kingston (the gentleman who helped us check in) was very friendly and helpful and spent a lot of time explaining the ins-and-outs of the apartment and local area.    Overall I think for the price, this property needs a little work. Good host. Fancy microwave oven. It was realy nice apt! Very clean and comfortable. Excellent location, close to the subway and restaurants. Host was very friendly, helped us to deal with a subway pass. We had a late flight and the owner allowed to leave our bag in the apt. We had a great time in Brooklin, thanks a lot! Great host & love the place! Would definitely recommend. Loved the place! Great location & close to public transit! This place was just as it looked in the pictures, very clean, and the host was very nice and available for all of our needs. Definitely enjoyed our stay here  This is a nice flat for what it is.  Its close to the subway.  Communication and friendliness were 100%. TV, kitchen, bathroom, bed! Great location, nice building and nice studio.  Sha was good with communication as well.   Great place, great price, very comfortable and convenient. Wish we could have stayed longer. Felt like home away from home. Glad I didnt go to a pricey hotel. Located a 10 minute walk from the subway station, where the A/C train can take you downtown. The apartment had enough space for two people, and the kitchen was fully equipped. The neighborhood felt safe during daytime, but during the evening we felt more comfortable being two walking together. Sha was easy to communicate with! A nice apartment in Bed-Stuy just 3 blocks or so away from a subway station so its easy to get around Brooklyn and NYC as a whole.  As other guests have written the bed is a little firm but after walking around the city so much we certainly didnt mind.  Ive seen previous guests say they felt the neighborhood was sketchy but we were in and out at various hours and it never felt that way to us.  Nice apartment, super convenient, very friendly hosts. Would definitely stay again! studio confortable ,bien situer,bon rapport qualité prix bon accueil, pas forcement adapter au famille.1 seul vrai lit.   Staying at Shas has been great! The apartment is cozy, pretty large and, importantly, very silent! Mornings were always very quiet despite the city. Checkin has been easy and weve been instructed very well about everything. The location is also nice, with many cute bars, restaurants and bakeries in the neighborhood. I definitely recommend staying at Shas! Great apartment. Perfect for a trip to Manhattan. It was spacious and had everything I needed.  Some neighbourhood sound can be heard but this dies down in the late evening.  The subway is at less than a 3 min walk and there is also a bus stup right in front of the apartement.  Checking in and out is a breeze and Shas responses are quick. Nice place! Very clean and great location. Really enjoyed the whole experience  My stay at Shas place was very enjoying. The host always made himself available to assist. The apartment was Very clean and the location was an easy access to where we needed to travel. I will definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a safe and prime location to stay. Everything was great! The place was spaceous and clean. Near metro station! The host was great, he took time to explain us how nyc subway works which was very helpful! Not a queen bed as advertised. Could use a few new towels and pillows.  Good location, clean apartment.  Our stay in shas apartment was great and we had a very good time in New York. The metro station is near (about 5 Minuten) and the contact to the host was very good.  We enjoyed our stay!  Wir hatten eine gute Zeit in shas Apartment in Brooklyn. Die Metro Station ist sehr nah (5 Minuten zu Fuß) und der Kontakt zum Vermieter war sehr gut und einfach. Check-in und Check-out war sehr einfach und unkompliziert. Das Apartment ist relativ sauber und recht ruhig, die Nachbarschaft ist nicht so schön aber da wir die meiste Zeit in Manhattan waren,war das nicht so schlimm. Wir würden auf jeden Fall wied r kommen! This flat is rather interesting for a short stay (a few things need to be repaired) Anyhow we experienced an unpleasant situation since what we discussed before booking has finally not been respected.  In short, this flat is owned by someone unknown, the booking is managed by Shane (not met) and the check-in/check-out by Kingsley. We had a flight back late in the afternoon with a checkout at 11 am so after a short discussion, Shane told us that it would be possible to leave our lugage after check-out and pick them later in the afternoon of the last day. But what Shane said did not commit Kingsley and Kingsley told us that at least, we would see during the check-out. I asked specifically Kingsley for someone to be there for the check-out but no one was present for the check-out. So we had to leave with our luggages (rather big for a last day in NY).  If Shane would not have told us we could leave our luggage, we would not have made this reservation. If we had known that for some of them the conditions of check-out were strict and for others not, or that we would have to check the commitment of all the people really involved, we would not have made this reservation.  So this experience is not a good one for us. This is a question of trust.   Anyhow thanks for the clear explanations about the New York metro: those were helpful. The studio was a great place to stay. We really enjoyed to live in Brooklyn Bedford-Stuyvesant, just 5 minutes away from the subway station and two bus stations. The building and neighborhood is quiet and safe. We enjoyed the Anchor coffee shop nearby. It is generally a very good place to stay in New York. The studio is large enough for two people. Air conditionning was very appreciated. The only ""bémol"" is the bed. It is a double bed and it was too small for us. It was not very confortable. My husband had to sleep on the sofa... Shas place was really clean and enjoyable to stay in. I must agree with the others that the mattress is not the BEST mattress, but otherwise everything was great. There is no air conditioning that we were aware of so it was pretty warm in early July, but the ceiling fan was a welcome addition. Id absolutely stay again. Thank you! Overall good flat, AC was pleasant to have, neighborhood fine. Reactive and available host. But unfortunately only close to C line (slow and delay) and not A express... Great value, good location, and clean. We had a great time at Shas place. It was very close to the C train which took us directly into Manhattan. The neighborhood was friendly, and the apartment was very clean. Sha and Kingsley are great hosts.  It was a good size studio and was located in a good neighborhood. Great place. Lots of space and storage. Decor is a little outdated but who cares? Youre in NYC! Full use of kitchen if you want to cook. They also have a washer and dryer. Great for long term stays. Kingsley is super helpful and friendly. Hes an amazing host. Sha s apartment is great for a one week visit to NYC. The neighbourhood is safe, pretty near of some supermarkets and just four blocks from the C station (20 minutes to manhattan)  I recommend this place. Overall the apartment was great - nice neighborhood, close to the subway, quiet building. The property manager, Kingsley, was very accommodating and let me leave my bags after check-out. Amazing stay for the price. Really close to the train to Manhattan and perfect for me and my girlfriend. Really clean and has everything you need. Kitchen, TV, wifi. Check in and check out was a breeze. I would definitely stay here again. Lovely apartment in a beautiful neighborhood! Close to C train that’ll take you right into manhattan in 30 minutes or less. A ton of delicious restaurants around the area. The apartment was spacious and very quiet. Very clean and tidy with nice bathroom and kitchen area. Check in and out were very easy. Only complaints were that the WiFi was laughably bad and the towels were rather old. Other than that, definitely suggest this place! Very close to the subway, with a bunch of different food options nearby! Check-in and check-out was very easy, and convenient. After booking this place I was asked to move to another apartment (about one month before arriving). That turned out to be an upgrade and Im very pleased with my stay. Therefore I cant give a fair review of this place other than that we had good communication. This is a great place to book when visiting NYC. Extremely clean, amazing hospitality,  close to the metro and quickly in Manhattan. The space is great and the location is really good too. Convenience stores are everywhere. My shoe broke and there is a shoe repair store on the corner. Loved the area. Easy access to the subway and C train into Manhattan and A train back. We were lucky with the on street parking too and had no problem.  Just as others have stated, the bed was not the most comfortable but it was a bed. The sheets were clean, but worn out and a bit scratchy too. It would be good to have extra pillows as well. We did have a great time and the value is good. Its a no frills deal but a good deal. Again, theres plenty of space. The only drawbacks were the bed,  half used soaps, dishes left in the dry rack and food left over in the fridge (and only 2 plastic forks.)  Overall though, we had a great time. My boyfriend and I stayed here on our first visit to NYC. It was easy to navigate our way into Manhattan and the spot is very close to the subway. Couldnt have asked for better proximity!  Everything was clean, the neighborhood was safe and we got a complimentary bottle of wine and fruit which I thought was so nice.  I missed my bed at home a little but we were spending most of our time out and about anyway so wasnt an issue.  I would definitely recommend staying here if you want to do NYC afforably and spend your money on Broadway shows and food! Convenient location to the subway. Was nice for the price. Grocery shops close. The only issue I had was the bed being uncomfortable and the description saying it was a queen size bed but t was smaller. Great studio and location! The subway 4 blocks from the apartment and a lot of markets on the town. Great location and very close to the train station. The studio was standard and just right for what we needed for our 5-day vacation. Great apt close to public transportation. Great communication. Would definitely stay here again. Nicely located, the apartment is nice but you clearly hear your neighbors. Apart from that, communication with the owner was fast and precise, we didnt have any trouble to check in and out. Great place, great location.  Really enjoyed our (Email hidden by Airbnb) munication was quick and informative, and overall we felt right at home.  I would definitely recommend this spot to anyone passing through Brooklyn and looking to explore Bed-Stuy. The place was exactly as described! Great location to the subway that took no more than 30 mins to get to Manhattan! Room was very clean! The heat did stop working our last night there but Kingsley’s came right up and brought a heater so it wasn’t a problem at all! The place was very quite. Would recommend!! A very clean, very nice studio with lots of natural light and everything we needed. Spa tub is a plus. Sha is super responsive and accommodating. Had a great stay!"	1
568	Nice apartment in a wonderful location. Excellent location in Greenwich Village, a couple minutes walk to the subway. Super cute apartment, clean kitchen and (tiny) bathroom, comfy beds. Gavin made it really easy to check-in and check-out.  There are a few stairs up to the building door (no ramp). The apartment is on the fifth floor and has a manned elevator.  The apartment faces the corner of a busy intersection-- you can hear cars, people, church bells, sirens, etc at all times of the day and night. This didnt bother us at all, but you may want to bring ear plugs depending on your tolerance for that kind of thing. The neighborhood is crowded and bustling. Great for people who want an urban experience; maybe not great for folks looking to relax peacefully. Incredible value for the location. Gavin made the entire process seamless and easy during a very popular December weekend in New York. Positives:  good location and nice hosts.  Challenges/negatives:  staying in this home is like crashing at your 27 year old nephew’s place for a few nights.  Rock hard mattress and pillows.  Clothes, shoes and personal items all over.  Shower had old bars of soap and razors.  Towels and sheets very worn. The walls are scuffed up, marked up and full of holes and hooks from art taken down and never patched.  It has a very tired/worn, a bit dirty and very lived in look.  For the same price that we paid, we could have stayed at a nice hotel in the city like the W or Dream Hotel etc.  We’ve stayed in many Air BnBs, and for the price, this was the lowest quality accommodations.  We would probably opt for a place that the owners are not living in full time or a nice hotel for the same price next time.   This is a perfectly located apartment with easy access to all of Manhattan. Very comfortable.  Loved staying there with my family and communicating with Gavin was easy.	0
569	a parte una certa superficialità nella manutenzione della casa, per altro poi risolta in seguito alla comunicazione, lalloggio è compatibile con la presentazione dellannuncio. devo dire che Jag, ha fatto di tutto per supplire alle mancanze e per compensare il disagio iniziale della fase di check in ci ha restituito una parte della somma. La zona, scelta volutamente per la sua posizione periferica è ricca di sorprese, piena di buoni locali per mangiare e per ascoltare buona musica. I servizi di trasporto buoni e abbastanza vicini alla casa. nel complesso fruibile e suggestiva. Fairly quiet neighbourhood although only 5-10 minute walk from 1st and 2nd ave with plenty of places to eat and drink, walkable distance to nearby subway stations. Jag was quick with communication during our stay and helped with recommendations :-)  Notres séjour dans l appartement de Jag c est très bien déroulé, le contact etait très facile malgré le fait que Jag soit en voyage au Japon. Lappartement est spacieux, ce qui est assez rare dans les locations a New York pour ce prix là. Propre, bien équipé, seul petit point faible pour les amoureux de la lumière, l appartement est très sombre car situé au 1er étage et en cours intérieur, mais du coup très calme ce qui est un luxe pour Manhattan... Mais surtout quel quartier génial! Je recommande vivement. A great pad in the heart of east village, close to plenty of bars and restaurants, but you wouldn’t know it as there is minimal noise pollution in the apartment. For those staying for long periods there are laundramats and gyms within a 5 minute walk, and a veg market in Tompkins Square Park on Sundays.  Inside, it is modern with lovely exposed brick and a very comfortable bed. Although it is quite compact, it has everything you need. The kitchen is very limited on space, at times a little tricky to prepare and cook food, but all in all the description and photos of the apartment do an accurate depiction of the place.  Jag was very good at responding with any emails I had, even though he was living in a different time zone!   A well recommended place to stay. Nous avons passé un très agréable séjour chez Jag, appartement situé dans un quartier agréable et vivant. Bien équipé et joliement décoré. Appartement au calme seul point faible est le manque de luminosité. Jag nous a fait livrer via Amazon un colis pour notre arrivée ce qui est très apprécié pour le 1er ptit dej! Nous avons eu un petit souci de clé à notre arrivée que Jag a très bien réglé, il a été très réactif malgré la distance et nous len remercions! Je recommande donc fortement!! Great place to stay , Key pick-up/drop-off was easy.  Lots of things to do nearby within walking distance .  Apartment is exactly like the photos ; bright, spacious From subway walk distance about 20 - 25 min . A little bit faraway ,  For me, the location was convenient to everything I needed . Jag was an amazingg host. We never met in person but he was extremely quick with responding and make our check in and out super comfortable.  The place is in Least Village witch is super close to pretty much everything.   Whats more he send us some fruits and beverages for breakfast , which was extremely kind ! Totally recommend staying in this lovely apartment.	0
570	"I loved staying at Olivias apartment! Not only is is super cute and comfy, but also perfectly located right next to Central Park, less than two minutes from a metro stop. Olivia and her husband ware amazing. they were super friendly and kind, so the communication was super easy! I definitely recommend staying here and with them in general!  My boyfriend and I loved staying in Olivias apartment!This was our first time with airbnb and we have been very lucky!The apartment was described very well and it is well located very close to metro stops and Central Park. The house is clean and comfortable. There are two small dogs but they are very quiet and friendly and we havent even notice their presence!  But the reason why this experience was so amazing and good is that Olivia and her boyfreind are really good people and they have been very friendly and helpful with us. They also waited our arrival until late and they suggested us restaurants and places to go. Even if my boyfriend doesnt speak english so good they have been very polite with him and have tried to understand him and talk to him too.   So we definitely recommend them and their apartment!  If we return to NYC well choose them absolutely another time! Olivia and George were really great hosts! They are very friendly and helpful. Their 2 dogs are more than cute, you will adore hem for sure :) The apartmenr is located close (3 minutes by walk) to Central park (great for your morning run) with great connection (2 minutes to subway station) to the centre of NY. The room and whole apartment were very clean and cozy.  Olivia and George were excellent hosts! I communicated with them frequently prior to our arrival and they always responded promptly. They were extremely helpful with restaurant suggestions, parking, and subway transportation information. The room was exactly as pictured. The bed was comfortable and the room had plenty of storage. We were greeted by one of the dogs upon our arrival, but did not hear or see either dog for the rest of our stay. I would highly recommend staying here! Thanks again, Olivia and George! They were a very lovely and welcoming couple. Great location, and a one minute walk to the metro station. Spacious room.  The room was as described (nice & clean, comfy bed), the appartement very nice and spacious for NYC & our hosts made us feel at home! Thank you guys! A wonderful stay with Olivia and George! They were very welcoming and gracious hosts and their apartment was very conveniently located, pleasant and clean. And their dogs were adorable! Thanks Olivia and George for such a great stay! About the flat and the room:    Two bedroom appartment, very clean and cozy.  Our room was exactly like the picture. Spacious living room with open kitchen.     About the neighborhood and geographical position:    Subway 2 and 3 is 5 minute walk and it takes you to the 42th street (time square) in about 15 minutes thanks to express train (much appreciated)  10/15 minutes walk to 6 lines on the east and same for B and C lines in the west side.    Central park is also 5 minute walk so its great.  Everything needed is in the neighborhood like supermarket, some restaurants, pharmacy, place to have a coffee and a donut in the morning.    Last but not the least, about our host Olivia, Georges, Howard and Oliver:    Very nice people, always there to answer our question or give us some advice about restaurants or things to do in NY. When you need something, they are here to tell you where to find it. We could not expect more!  Their two lovely dogs are real cool too (Hi Oliver, Hi Howard!)    Well, As you got it, I can only tell that I recommend this place and we would come back without hesitation! Olivia and George were great hosts. They were very friendly and kind, always happy to give recommendations.  They were flexible with our arrival and departure time so it made our stay even more comfortable. Apartment is nice and well located - just next to the subway and Central Park. Olivia et George ont été très Accueillant avec nous ils nous ont fait totalement confiance durant la semaine .le logement est très bien ainsi que la chambre . La station de métro est à environ 300m et nous dirige directement vers le centre de la ville ! Olivia nous a conseillée quelques restaurants typiques . Je recommande donc ce logement  We had a great stay at Olivia and Georges! We met and gave us the keys. They are very nice and welcoming. The apartment is very well, clean and luminous; the room is as described and like you see it on photos. The neighborhood is very nice, quiet and above all near two subway stations and buses which are going to the touristic attractions in a blink of an eye! Ill recommend this stay a thousand times!  We had a very nice stay at Olivia and George place. They are very friendly and welcoming. The bedroom is nice and comfortable. I will definitely recommend them to my friends! Very kind and nice hosts. Lovely dogs. Very near to the subway that will drive you quite quickly to downtown. Near to central park and Harlem. The bedroom and the bathrooms were ok. Would definitely recomend this place to a friend.  100% recomendable!  Apartment is fantastically located - 3 minutes from Central Park and the Metro stop. The room is just as described and very comfortable. Olivia and George were very friendly and more than happy to recommend places to go and things to do. Our flight home was late evening so they kindly let us have a late check out. Great hosts. Olivia und George waren super Gastgeber! Total freundlich, aufmerksam und sehr hilfsbereit!   Das Zimmer war sauber und das Bett wirklich groß und bequem!   An der Nachbarschaft hat man etwas gemerkt, dass die Wohnung nicht unmittelbar im wohlhabenden Manhattan liegt, aber trotzdem gab es nie eine Situation bei der wir uns unwohl gefühlt haben!   Die Verbindungen mit den Öffis waren ebenfalls sehr toll und über die unmittelbare Nähe zum Central Park haben wir uns auch sehr gefreut! :) Had a great stay with Olivia & George, the apartment was clean and as described and had everything you needed for a trip to New York, Olivia & George were really lovely people, they were very friendly and welcoming and was always happy to help with any advice and recommendations around the city, great location with the subway only a 2 minuite walk, they also have the cutest little dogs, i would recommend to anyone coming to New York.  & Thank you for the cookie (i see why its the best cookie place in New York) was delicious. It was awesome! Thanks a lot :) We had a great stay with Olivia and George. The room was as described and the location was excellent. It was a short walk to the subway and easy to get around town. Getting to a from LaGuardia was easy from their location.   Olivia is a very good host.The room is like the description. The district is very well situated to visit the city easily. The two dogs are very cute. Thank you for your welcome Olivia. It was a pleasant stay at Olivias and Georges place in New York. They were super nice and always willing to help us. The flat is great and clean and we had everything we needed. They have two little lovely dogs which we almost didnt recognize. The flat is perfectly located. You can reach everything easily by the subway and the central park is close by, perfect to do some exercises before you start your New York City journey. Thanks a lot! We would definitely come again!! We stayed there for 6 nights. Olivia and George were awesome hosts. Everything we needed (and more) was provided. Olivia had some nice tips for us where to eat and what to do.   The room itself is small but very comfy. The two little dogs are sweet and funny. Location is perfect: right next to the north end of central park. The area is rather quiet, but within a couple minutes you can go pretty much everywhere in manhattan by subway. Definately a recommendation. Olivia and George were lovely hosts, really helpful in recommending local restaurants and attractions. They kindly let us check out later in the day as we had an evening flight home. The appartment was very clean and tidy, and has an excellent location for anyone keen to explore New York. We would definitely recommend staying with Olivia and George.  The dogs were nice and friendly too :) Ce séjour chez Olivia et George sest bien passé.  La chambre est confortable et  le logement typiquement New-yorkais!  Olivia et Georges sont discrets un peu réservés.  Merci pour leur accueil  really nice hosts, good location, nice room, comfortable bed! I would defininately stay there again or advice it to friends of mine! Olivia is a great host! I stayed with my wife, we had an amazing time and felt like home... 100% recommendable Olivia and Georges House is very comfortable. The home owners are very kind and precise, always  careful  to keep the house clean and to be ready for our needs. We loved the two little dogs too! The apartment is in Harlem,very near to Central Park, perfectly connected with the rest of the city and surrounded by every kind of mini market or grocery that you need! Highly recommended! They were great and very welcoming. They have the cutest two little dogs ever! The bed was super comfy and the house was clean. They gave us recommendations on where to go and were super flexible with our late check in and check out times! Perfect hosts!  Olivia and George are incredibly nice and welcoming.  They will help you in anything you need but totally leave you your own space. Theyre a great couple that one can talk to about everything and have a great time.   Their place is perfect, the room is just like you see in the picture, clean and with enough space to leave bags, store clothes, etc. The bed is very comfy, we slept soundly for a week.   Their apartment is one street above Central Park, easily accessible from two metro stops and surrounded with coffee places, delis and grocery stores. One can just stroll into Central Park on a sunny morning after having a great lunch in the area. The metro to Times Square takes 15-20 min and several big museums are on the way.   My boyfriend and I have just spent 7 days here and will definitely come back to Olivia and Georges next time we come to NYC!  The apartment is incredibly well located for moving everywhere from Central Park to Battery Park and more. The listing is just as described. We were lucky enough to be by ourselves but Olivia was super accommodating and available via message for any questions or needs that came up. She was very thoughtful and flexible with checkout which helped a lot too! Clean bathroom, beautiful kitchen, wifi, lovely guestroom, I would stay here again in a heartbeat and I fully recommend this place. A++ Great place to stay at! One block away from the subway station. One block away from Central Park. Really safe and quite place. Olivia is really nice, and she was flexible with the check in and the check out hours. Dont think about it, book now! Olivia and George were very accommodating and easy going during our stay. We felt trusted and comfortable. It was easy to communicate with them even if we were on different schedule. The room is really nice and clean. Perfect for visiting NYC for the week-end! Thank you guys :)  Olivia and George have been friendly and helpful! the stay in their apartment has been delightful. The apartment is cozy and the neighborhood well connected with downtown. Oliver and Harvard, the two little dogs are nice and funny! I strongly recommend this place!   Our trip to NY was great. The flat was clean and comfy and looked exactly like the uploaded pics. It was really easy to communicate with Olivia and her boyfriend, when we asked for ideas for breakfast Olivia gave us two nice addresses. All in all we enjoyed our stay here and I would always go back there when in NY. Thanks again for having us and making NY a great experience!  Nossa estadia foi boa. O quarto é bom, silencioso e com uma boa cortina, que escurece bem. A cama é confortável, nós dormimos muito bem. O banheiro é bom, com uma ducha boa. Tudo funcionou bem. Nós não tivemos muito contato com os anfitriões do apartamento, mas o contato que tivemos foi bom. Eles nos pareceram ser pessoas boas. We had a great stay at Olivia & Georges. The apartment was perfectly located for our trip & we were warmly greeted upon arrival. Hoping to visit again soon, an excellent stay. Ottima esperienza! La casa era molto pulita. Posizionata a pochi passi dalla metro express. Olivia é stata molto accogliente e i due cagnolini davvero simpatici. La casa es tan cual esta descrita y según aparece en las fotos. Todo muy limpio y ordenado. Cocina con todo lo necesario. Excelentemente comunicada con todo manhatan gracias a las paradas de metro que tiene cerquisima. Ademas la casa se encuentra a unos 20 minutos caminando de la universidad de columbia donde hay un gran ambiente universitario y muchas opciones para comer y salir. Olivia y George son encantadores y solamente hacen la estancia mas sencilla.gracias por todo chicos! Sin duda una gran opción de alojamiento en la gran manzana. Hemos pasado unos días estupendos.  Posizione Ottima per chi vuole scoprire New York, a pochi passi dalla metro e da Central Park. George ed Olivia sono sempre disponibili e premurosi lappartamento è accogliente e molto carino. Torneremo sicuramente!!! Todo estuvo excelente, el cuarto y la cama super cómodos y limpio. Tal como se ve en las fotos. La ubicación muy conveniente y cerca de dos estaciones de metro, los alrededores muy seguros. Subir los escalones al 5 piso es un poco cansado pero nada de otro mundo. Definitivamente me volvería a hospedar aquí. Awesome place. Its located in the quiet side of NY, close to the train station and cool little eateries. The hosts are awesome and we enjoyed our stay.  Great stay! Really cute dogs and friendly hosts.  Olivia y George son excelentes anfitriones. Siempre amistosos y bien predispuestos. El departamento es tal cual se promociona en airbnb. Oliver y Howard, sus mascotas son adorables. La ubicacion es muy buena, a una cuadra del Central Park y del subway 2 y 3 que conectan con todo NYC. Buena limpieza y todo funciona OK. Súper recomendable.  Olivia and George are excellent hosts. Always friendly and well-disposed. The apartment is as it is advertised on Airbnb. Oliver and Howard, their pets are adorable. The location is very good, one block from Central Park and subway nro. 2-3 that connect to all NYC. Good cleaning and everything works OK. Super recommendable This was a great apartment to stay in for seeing NYC. It was just a couple of minutes to the subway and from there, 10 mins into Times Square. The area itself is very nice, very close to Central Park and much quieter than areas downtown. The apartment was exactly as described, very comfortable and Olivia was very helpful.  Olivia and George were so friendly and welcoming. The room was loverly just the right size, would definitely recommend!  We stay 5 days in New York by Olivia and George. It was a really good appartment. The room look like on the pictures and is very nice and clean. The dogs from Olivia are so cute, we love them.  The appartment is near the centralpark and with the metro/subway you are in a few minutes in the city.  Olivia and George are so friendly and nice. We feel very wellcom in there appartment. Olivia and her boyfriend were welcoming and friendly, but we havent seen them very much as we had different schedules. Room was large enough for two and we didnt have any issue with the shared bathroom.  The house is not centrally located, but the subway is just few blocks away. Consider 30 mins to reach downtown. Note: Olivia has two small dogs, they behave very well and they never came into the room, but consider it if you dont like pets! Overall we had a good stay, than you Olivia! Great stay! Everything was perfect Olivia, George and the two little dogs were excellent hosts :) The flat looks just like in the photos and there’s a few good cafes around. There’s a direct subway 2 min walking from the flat and it takes 20 min to go to the city center, so it’s pretty handy. We really enjoyed our stay here! The apartment is as described and overall it makes it well up the 5 storeys stairs :)  We gave full use of the apartment always trying to be cordial and respectful but still enjoying ourselves since it was our vacations. Must say we felt very welcome by Olivia and Jorge, always very helpful, thank you for everything. Olivia and George were the kindest hosts, always with a smile and very quick response from messages. The apartment was great to stay in for seeing NYC. It was just a couple of minutes to the subway and from there, 10 mins to downtown. The area itself is very nice and calm, very close to Central Park and much quieter than areas downtown. The apartment was exactly as described, and very comfortable. Beautiful apartment very conveniently located right off central park. Olivia was a great host and would definitely stay here again. Olivia und ihr Freund waren super Gastgeber, zu jeder Zeit bereit für Tipps und Vorschläge! Der ""Check-In"" ging problemlos und das Zimmer war wie ausgeschrieben. Auch wenn die Gegend nicht unsre bevorzugte Wohngegend ist, haben wir uns dennoch sehr wohl gefühlt - dank Olivia! :) Wonderful hosts with 2 wonderful little dogs. The place was clean, and we were comfortable staying here for our weekend trip. Would definitely stay again and would recommend this place to others. Really nice and cozy place near the Central Park. The whole apartment is beautifully designed and arranged. The room is perfect for accommodation and is close to the flat entrance, so it gives you some privacy if necessary.  Olivia and George are very polite and were quite helpful during my stay. They have two little puppies which are cutest little critters and quite friendly to play with, so if thats what worries you - it should not at all. Id definitely recommend staying here to anyone wanting to explore NYC. We had a great time staying at Olivia & Georges place. Our room was quite spacious compared to what youd normally expect in New York, and they were great to talk to! The place was always very warm which was a good relief from the freezing cold outside. Thanks again :)"	1
571	"I reserved this apt for my family coming in from Paris and Liam was one of the most accommodating hosts I have ever seen. Anything we needed, he made sure to obtain. The place is large with large ceilings so I can be bit a bit drafty, but other than that I would definitely recommend this place to passer-byers of the city. Its across the street from everything and a very secure building.  This place was AWESOME. Its massive. My colleague and I actually stayed at Liams for business. We had another colleague meet with us during the day to do working sessions. The table was great for getting stuff done. The bedrooms were great. 2 Private bedrooms. If you want to have more people, it has 5 beds. Full kitchen, toiletries, multiple keys. Overall great place.     The location was phenomenal. Great food spots, groceries across the street, close to transportation (if you even need it).     Definitely staying here again next time were in town.  This loft is huge. Extremely comfortably sleeps 6 as advertised. Liam was extremely easy to work with and always available to answer questions leading up to and during our stay. I would recommend this. To anyone especially if they are traveling w a larger group (4+).  Liam was very helpful in getting us set up in the apartment. Great space and I would definitely rent from him again.  Second time staying, just as good as the first! Ill be back again! Nice flat and gracious host. Great value for money :) Liam was an excellent host, very responsive and helpful. The apartment is AMAZING. We hope to stay there again when we are back in the city. Huge apartment, excellent location. Liam was very helpful. The apartment could have been a bit cleaner and the standard of amenities was average. Only one bathroom was a little issue for party of 5 women ;-) We had an absolutely brilliant time in New York and staying in Liams apartment made it even better! The location is great and the apartment is massive. We were 6 adults and we had more than enough space. The apartment is as shown on the pictures and description and Liam always replied quickley to any questions. If I ever go back to New York (hopefully!) I would absolutely stay in Liams apartment again and would recommend it to anyone! Thanks!!! Liam was a great host, and the apt was awesome. It was clean with ample space. He also recommended places to visit, and the location was excellent.   Liams two bedroom apartment in NoHo is really huge! He isnt kidding!   We were there for two weeks, and were grateful for so much space.     There were some challenges when we arrived, such as the wrong code to get in the building and the cleaning service was still there, towels werent cleaned yet, etc. But, we didnt mind waiting! Unfortunately Liam was out of town, so there was NO clean handoff of keys, instructions, welcome, ""heres where trash goes"", etc. We had to email and call him several times to find out where the keys were, and what the WIFI name was, and all kinds of things. He was kind and responsive, but we expected a lot more upon our arrival and felt we had to do a lot of work to get the basic information from him. Additionally, the previous tenants had left large LEWD chalk drawings of genitalia and references to sexual encounters on the chalkboard which we immediately removed. Very poor taste to leave them for future tenants.    The next day I found more challenges, such as a kitchen without any pans for the oven (nothing I could put in the oven!), a broken microwave put into the closet, no air conditioning, only three places to sit at the table (broken chairs) and only ONE frying pan and two old copper pots for the stove. There was literally no way to heat things up unless you used the range. Needless to say, for a two week stay, this wasnt sufficient, so we purchased and left there a mixing bowl, and pans for the oven along with many other items.     Liam did have the super come put in the air conditioning window units and brought some new chairs. The window units kept the place nice and cool, but are loud and make watching TV tough. The light over the sink in the bathroom was promised to be repaired, and Liam said hed follow up with the super, but it was never repaired while we were there. It made putting makeup on nearly impossible in the bathroom.     Generally, the location is awesome. The elevator makes it very convenient! We felt safe, and it was mostly quiet - which is hard to come by in NY. There is little furniture in the apartment, few lamps (and several broken ones) no dressers, or many surfaces at all. The fact that we had to ask for chairs, clean lewd graffiti off the chalkboard, purchase things for the kitchen to even make it usable, etc, made us feel like the $500+ per night we were paying was WAY too high.     If you are looking for a big place in a great location, and you dont plan to cook, reheat anything, or be home much, this place is fine!     If you dont mind cabinet doors slightly coming off, a kitchen table that is held together by duct tape, and parties on the rooftop outside your windows, this place is fine!    It really is huge!  Everything was exactly what we expected. We spent one month on Liams apartment, which is awesome, huge, cool, everything works very well. Would definitely stay there again!   The neighborhood is super cool, with many many dining options on Soho, Noho or East Village. There is also a huge super market right across the street, a couple of gyms around and a subway station on Bleecker (one block away).   We loved our NYC home!  Liam was a fabulous host!   His apartment was perfect for us!  Great size, great location, great amenities!   I highly recommend! We had a great time in NYC staying at Liams. The apartment is really spacious, very clean, tastefully decorated, quiet, and most of all amazingly located, literally a few minutes walk from the heart of East Village, West Village, Soho, Noho, LES and subway stations.  Though we were arriving late at night, Liam had arranged for us to pick up the keys and was an extremely nice host.  Overall, this place is simply awesome ! The reservation was canceled the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Liam is an amazing host and his place is phenomenal. He made me feel right at home when we met to walk through the place and hand over the keys. My co-workers enjoyed all the space and it allowed for us to do work and hang out in a huge, open environment. This place will always be on the top of my list when I return to NY for work events. It was too easy to rate this a 5 out of 5! Great apt, good location 2 block from soho. The host easely accessible, solve any inquiry ... Next time will get there again!    Great apartment in Manhattan close to metro. Very spacious. We were 7 people including a young child of 2 and found all we needed to enjoy a wonderful stay. Liam was very cordial and helpful. We will definitely come back... We spent a great month in this spacious apartment in the East Village. It was the perfect fit for 2 adults and 2 kids. Everything was clean and comfortable, and the location cant be beat. Liam made himself very available to us if we had any questions and was an excellent host overall. (Also: WASHER/DRYER!!!) Liam was an absolutely amazing host! He was super patient and communicative before, during and after my stay. My coworkers and I actually used his loft as a coworking space and it worked out perfectly for all of us.     His loft was also close to public transportation, awesome restaurants, and grocery stores. I couldnt have asked for a better stay and would highly recommend Liam and his space to anyone! Great loft, thanks for the hospitality! Liams loft is absolutely incredible!  It is HUGE - bigger than I had imagined from the photos.  I used the space to host a bunch of friends from out of town for two nights.  We had a huge dinner party on Saturday and the kitchen was awesome - double oven, double sink, dishwasher, well stocked.  A previous review mentioned the microwave was broken - not the case, we used it all weekend.  The dining table easily fit a group of 10.  Plenty of space to sleep (in addition to the king bed, two twins, and pullout couch there were extra mattresses in a front closet).  This is a great place to host and hang out.  Cable, Apple TV, and internet all worked well.  The building is nice and very secure.  Incredibly convenient location - close to Whole Foods and tons of great bars and restaurants.  Liam was a great host - super friendly and responsive.  I can definitely see myself booking this again in the future and would highly recommend it. Liam was friendly and helpful. We didnt get as many keys as we asked for but that was fine.    The beds were comfortable. The space was great and looks just like the pictures. It is a surprisingly good location with lots of deliscious restaurants within blocks of the apartment. There is even a Whole Foods a block away.    The kitchen is fine, however it is lacking a full set of pots and pans. It is workable, but I wouldnt plan on cooking a lot. Great Liam & Tim are excellent and caring hosts. The apartment is spacious, linens etc very adequate, kitchen and bath bit dated, however clean and perfectly functional.    Location is excellent, block to Whole Foods or the Train/Subway, fantastic neighborhood, lots to eat, feast and observe.    Very safe. Kind neighbors. Would rebook. Our stay at Liams apartment was wonderful. It looked like the photos posted. Located was convinient, short walk to the subway and wholefoods. Thank you Liam! We had a great 8 night stay in Liams spacious apartment. It offers plenty of space for a family and is well equipped with everything you might need.  The location is great, just a short walk from brilliant bars and restaurants and the fashionable Bowery Hotel. Liam was a terrific host - friendly and welcoming. We has some issues with the TV during our stay but he was always available to help. Happy to recommend  to anyone looking for an apartment with plenty of space in the Bowery. We stayed for two nights in July.  I was literally able to make the reservation the same day I was arriving.  Liam was extremely responsive and very helpful.   Was very easy to get in touch with during the stay.    The apartment was quite large and adequate for the reasonable price.   A little more on the rustic side, but it worked for us.    The location is very convenient to walk to Soho or the Village.  We liked that the best. Our experience was great! We felt we were welcome because the keys were exactly where they told us and in time, we also found some things in the fridge for us. The location is great, and the apartment is very nice decorated, big and clean.  There was order in towels, sheets and everything. Definitely I will rent it again!! We are a family of four, and we were in NYC accompanying our daughters to college.  As soon as we landed at JFK, we received a message from Liam informing us that he was waiting for us at the apartment.  He was very welcoming, and explained thoroughly about how everything worked, and gave us two keys.   The apartment was clean, the beds were comfortable, and so was the set-up in the sitting room and the dining.  It has ample space for a family of four (could accommodate more), the Kitchen reasonably well equipped with all one needs for home cooking, and the bathroom is large.  The apartment had all the linen and towels one needs; and the laundry room proved to be very useful for our longer than usual stay.  The location of the apartment is perfect, one block north of Houston, and at a walking distance from SOHO and NYU.  The supermarket is a one block away, and there are plenty of coffee shops and restaurant within 5 minutes walking distance.  I would undoubtedly go back again when I am in New York; it was the perfect place for our needs. Liams apartment was exactly as described- spacious, comfortable and well-equipped. Its location on the edge of SoHo, a block from Whole Foods and two blocks from the subway makes it ultra convenient.    His friend was on time to meet me with the keys and show me the apartment. Liam responded immediately with a question I had about the operation of tbe t.v.  I highly recommend booking this apartment when staying in New York. this loft is even bigger than the pics.  overall a great experience.  no complaints.  would definitely stay there again in the future.   Liam was a great communicator and was accommodating for my son to drop his bags off in the morning while the cleaners were in the apartment.  The spacious apartment was fabulous for a family of five (three adult children) with the gourmet supermarket a block away and many subways several metres away. Soho shopping is only five or ten minutes walk away. Plenty of spare towels and linen in cupboards. The washing machine and dryer was handy for the children who arrived in NYC after three weeks in Central America. I would recommend this apartment to Australians thanks to our low dollar. We loved our stay in NYC in this apartment. Liam est un hôte fort sympathique, il a su nous recommander de nombreux lieux afin que nous trouvions notre bonheur. L appartement quand à lui est fort bien situé et spacieux, nous ne pouvions que nous y sentir bien. Nous avons grâce à Liam, passer de super vacances! Nous vous recommandons cette location.  What a great New York apartment! Great location and absolutely huge. The pictures dont do it justice - it is easily 50%, perhaps 100% bigger than you think. Its a real neighborhood, an authentic New York apartment and perfect for a group of people looking to live the life the center of fun stuff. Liam was great and would love to come back some time! We spent 9 nights at Liams loft. We are very pleased both on the place and how we were treated by him while we were there. When we arrived there was a small problem with missing cups and a water heater that did not want to stay on, but he was very helpful to fix the problems. The place is as described, very comfortable with an excellent location, very convenient to subway stations, grocery stores, bars and restaurants. We have no doubts to recommend both the apartment and the host. The host canceled this reservation 25 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 28 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Liam was an attentive host, available via text for most of the weekend when needed.  The apartment was great and spacious in a great neighborhood.  Stayed five nights with wife and two girls, and Liams place was perfect for us.  Everything worked out smoothly, and the location is outstanding (close to multiple train lines, plenty of restaurants of all types, and Whole Foods).  The place looks just like the photos.  Plenty of space given the location and good separation with the two bedrooms.  Would definitely stay again if were in the area. Amazing apartment right in the heart of East Village. Walk right outside and you are amongst it. Its a real loft feeling with high ceilings. And amazingly quiet for its location. Liam is a wonderful host too. I left my jacket and he posted it to me!! Liam was very helpful and supportive with everything. The arrival was easy, the place was terrific and the neighborhood was brilliant. We would stay there again anytime. We had a great time in New York. The flat is huge and in a very nice neighbourhood. All good, a good list of restaurants/shops provided.    Plenty of sheets and blankets and very clean Great pad, cool area Great loft in an excellent area Great location and place!  Dont hesitate.    Host is very accommodating.   Place lives up to expectations.    Our host Liam was friendly and accommodating. He was easy to communicate with when we were coordinating our arrival. He was quick to provide recommendations for restaurants in the neighborhood.  His huge loft was perfect for our group of 4 and gave us plenty of space to stretch out. Loved that it had plenty of closet space, in-unit W/D, and spacious rooms. The space was clean and welcoming and a great jumping off point for exploring the East Village, Lower East Side, and everything else New York has to offer. Options for nightlife are abundant and there is something for everyone.   I definitely recommend this place and, given the chance, would stay again. Great and huge space definitely a must place to stay in NYC. Liam was very attentive to all our concerns. It was very nice of him to give us his personal tips on restos around his neighborhood. Will definitely recommend his place to friends.  Great place. Nothing more needs to be said! Liam was very helpful in accommodating an early check-in This loft is even bigger than it looks on the site.  Great for our blended family with several adults.  Close to lots of public transit, good restaurants, comedy clubs, and more.   Liams place is amazing, even better and bigger than the photos would suggest. Its centrally located, close to dozens of restaurants, bars, shopping areas and subways. Liam was super accommodating and easy to communicate with. Will definitely be staying here again! A very spacious apartment in a great location close to restaurants, supermarkets, the SOHO shopping precinct and several Subway locations. Highly recommend this apartment for both its location and internal layout.   Liam provided great advice tailored to our desired NYC experience and was always contactable for further advice.  Liams place was in the dream location, extremely spacious, and he was extremely accomodating and communicative.  Overall I had a positive stay in this spot. The space is huge and incredibly well located in Noho. The apartment is relatively quiet for being in a bustling part of town.   The only downside was that, while the apartment was very clean, I saw 2-3 roaches in the apartment toward the end of my 3 week stay as the weather heated up outside. I think this was likely a freak occurrence. I chose to relocated and Liam was very responsive and immediately refunded the remainder of the stay.  Amazing apartment that it is hard to find a bad word about. Super location. Close to subway. In the heart of lower East side, with Nolita and Greenwich village a short walk away. The Wholefoods a block away was a life saver. The apartment itself is massive. Huge living area. Air-conditioned. Spacious bedrooms with tons of cupboard space. Kitchen amenities simple but workable. Cute touches in the decor. Liam was an amazing host. Super responsive, flexible, and understanding. We did a late check out without any fuss. He sourced a cot and high chair. He promptly reimbursed us when we bought some more bowls for the kitchen. He made recommendations when we asked during the stay and checked in to see how wed gotten on. Would happily stay again any time! In generale soggiorno confortevole. Posizione casa bellissima. We returned to NYC for a week long vacation having moved away 4 years earlier. My husband, 7 year old daughter and I stayed in Liam’s loft and it was fabulous. The location couldn’t be more convenient for shopping, dining, walking and transportation. Easily jump on an uptown / downtown or Brooklyn train or walk to SoHo, East Village, Lower East Side, Chinatown or Greenwich Village. Such a great central location. The loft is huge and having a full kitchen, loads of closet space and a washer/dryer made the trip super easy. The beds are crazy comfortable!! My only semi-negative complaint is that it can be a little noisy but it’s NYC and noise is pretty hard to avoid! Liam’s communication was immediate and always helpful. Would stay there again in a heartbeat!! Super spacious.  Great location.  Really nice hosts.   Will stay again, and highly recommend. We loved staying at Liam’s apartment! It was incredibly convenient, spacious and fun. There’s not a lot of access to these old converted lofts with high ceilings and Liam’s is a gem. Super close to subways and Whole Foods and night life. Would recommend to travelers if any ilk! Nous avons passé un séjour exceptionnel d’une semaine.  Superbe appartement grand (immense pièce à vivre et 2 grandes chambres) et très bien situé au cœur de Noho/East village. Calme et dans un style très new yorkais. Tout équipé avec cuisine américaine, TV, systeme de son... Commerces et Restaurants à qq mètres, accessibles facilement à pied. Plusieurs stations de métro très bien desservies aux alentours.   Liam, l’hote, est particulièrement agréable, réactif et arrangeant. Pour la remise des clés comme pour le Check out il a été très flexible. Et les échanges ont toujours été très amicaux.   Je recommande fortement cet appartement.  Great space, high ceilings, perfect location to explore NYC, and a good place to work from as well! Super appartement typique new-yorkais , spacieux , literie confortable, emplacement au top et un super rapport qualité prix par rapport à dautres que jai habitée à new York . A refaire sans modération et Liam et un hôte compréhensible et disponible pour vous arranger ."	1
572	We had a very nice stay at Mackenzies and Ryans. The apartment is very well located, 10 minutes walk to Jackson height station. The place is huge and clean, the room is very convinient and the view from the rooftop is  amazing. Mackenzie and Ryan were very kind with us and gave us tips about the area. We defenetly had a great time there, thank you again. Mackenzie was helpful and responsive prior to my arrival and during my stay. The bedroom is comfortable, as is the apartment. One thing to note is that the room is right off the kitchen without a good seal on the door, so if youre a light sleeper (like me) this means you need to adapt to your hosts schedule. If youre not a light sleeper it shouldnt be a problem because they kindly make an effort not to be noisy in the morning. Jackson Heights is a great neighbourhood, so I was happy to be there! Yes. The hosts definitely made me welcome!  The place was very comfortable and clean. The location was perfect for me. I was even given a full shelf in the refrigerator for my food, which I did not need but appreciated. There were two clean towels for the week. Thank you so much, Mackenzie and Ryan! Everything was ok, the place is the same as the pictures, the neighborhood is nice and quiet. The listing is very accurate to the room and bedroom provided; they even gave us a shelf in the fridge! We were met by Mackenzies boyfriend Ryan who showed us around. The room they gave us was very private and quiet, which was appreciated after our long journey. The location is 10 minutes from LaGuardia Airport. All in all a fine experience. Great place to stay in Jackson Heights, felt extremely safe. Didnt have the opportunity to interact much with Mackenzie, but she was very nice and able to recommend some great restaurants Our stay in Mackenzie and Ryans place was a good moment. The flat is located 10 minutes from the subway and after you have 30 minutes by train to go in Manhattan. The room is nice and you can use the others rooms as well. Our hosts were very discreet during our stay. Mackenzie speaks in French but we didnt exchange a lot. I recommend this place if you dont want to exchange a lot with your hosts. Very friendly and easy to contact. I was a bit late checking in and yet very well accommodated. I would stay with them again. They provided me everything I could possibly want or need. We had a really nice stay at Mackenzies and Ryans place. They were both really nice and welcoming :) Jackson Heights is a great neighbourhood to stay in NY! We had a good time there, thank you Mackenzie and Ryan :) This place was perfect for me and my roommate. Super close to the subway station and Ryan was very hospitable. It was nice to have a cozy place to come back to after long days of exploring! The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 9 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Greate, nicelooking place. Very peacful. Two airports are easy to get on. Friendly host.  Mackenzie and Ryan were nice hosts and the place was as advertised. Thank you! Mackenzie was very nice and accommodating even after I showed up way earlier than expected. Didnt get a chance to meet Ryan but we were all busy in and out of the home. Very nice and homey apartment stocked with any extra items you may have forgotten to pack (toothpaste, lotion, soap, towels, etc.)  I also got my own spot in the fridge. The neighborhood was nice and safe as well as the building itself and the location was pretty much accessible to all local transportation. I would definitely stay again! Thanks again Mackenzie and Ryan! Mackenzie & Ryan were great at communicating and welcoming us to their place. They did their best to keep us cool despite the heat wave we experienced while there. Their apartment is in a safe, fairly quiet neighborhood conveniently located to the places we were interested in visiting.  Mackenzie and Ryan were friendly, but we had very little contact. The room is as advertised and the living room is very nice for having breakfast. Although it’s certainly a matter of taste, we were not overly enthusiastic about the area in terms of restaurants and bars (only ethnic fast-food), but it was safe and very easy to find good fruit. We did find the kitchen and bathroom rather on the messy side, for example dishes and food being left around for several days and the shower being clogged.  The apartment was perfect ! We stayed for a week and Mackensie was really nice with us. We had everything we needed and the view on the roof is breathtaking. Ill come back here if I go to NYC again. Mackenzie and Ryan were very responsive and quickly got us settled in. They were very nice and attentive and I would recommend staying with them. Their apartment is in a very nice area of Queens with good access to the metro and restaurants. The only downside is that the place was bit messier than what the pictures show, but nothing that made our stay uncomfortable. It was very nice stay in Mackenzie and Ryans apartment. The location is very good. You can get a bus just in the apartments corner and go to the Subway station that is located 3 blocks away but is not far. In 10 minutes walking you get the station. Also in the neigborhood you can find many places to go: small restaurants and stores specially from Colombia and other Latin America countries. Prices and quality are very good. The room is small but there is enough space for two people and the luggage. There is a big window, a fan for warm days and a heat for cold ones. We also have our own space in the refrigerator which was very helpful because my husband and I spent 3 weeks there. Mackenzie and Ryan are very friendly and gave us privacy. They were almost never home so was like the entire apartment was just for us. In the bulding you can find a good laundry to wash and dry for cheap price. There is also a beautiful intern garden to enjoy! My son and I lived here for 10 nights.The room is warm and comfortable. We felt like in our home. Thank Mackenzie and Ryan for their accommodating and kind help! We will book their room next time! Mackenzie and Ryan were incredible hosts, all the time making sure we were fine and making themselves available in case we needed any help. They quickly fixed a small problem in the bathroom which shows respect and care for their guests. Their place is near a Subway Station, around a 15 minutes walk. Our stay with them was perfect. We stayed with Ryan and Mackenzie for a week and they were so great about accommodating us to an earlier check in time due to when our flight landed. We were within walking distance to the nearest subway station (about 20 minutes) and felt safe while walking home even later at night. While staying with them we also rarely saw them. They provided us with just about everything we needed including an umbrella in which did come in handy during one very rainy day. Thank you for the stay!  Mackenzie & Ryan where both friendly & welcoming. The room is private and looks out over gardens.  The apartment is located within the beautiful Jackson Heights Historic District 10–15 minutes by Q49 bus or walking to express E train which makes it a great base for exploring Manhattan and Queens. The neighborhood is very diverse, with many restaurants and supermarkets and felt safe.  We were a little worried about the room being an annex. It turned out to be perfectly fine. The only thing to note is there is no way to lock the room (swinging door without a latch) but at no point did we find this troubling.   We barely met Ryan during the week we stayed (and Mackenzie was away) but he was very helpful when we needed something (lent us iron, laundry card, etc.).  Convenient location, safe and cozy place, we had a great time while in NYC ! :) We loved staying with Ryan and McKenzie. Their apartment is lovely and the neighborhood is really nice. The description on the page is very accurate. Queens is a little bit of a commute but their apt is just a 13 mins walk to the station. Its on a very quiet and safe area but on the walk to the station you can find a very lively and cultural area on Roosevelt Ave with so many great little hidpanic food places and food trucks. I would definitely stay there again!  Its good for anyone who needs a place to sleep. Its close to the Rossvelt subway station (ten minutes walking). The neighborhood is very quiet and friendly, there were times when we came home late night and we felt safe. The building is beautifull and the garden is great. The hosts make you feel confortble, providing everything you need and acces to the entire house. As a negative point I would say that theres no lock on the bedrooms door and sometimes there were dirty dishes in the kitchen. It was our first experience with Airbnb and Were glad that everything went fine. I would stay there again, for sure. Le logement est conforme à la description faite. Situé dans un quartier calme du Queens, lappartement se trouve à 10-15min dune grosse station de métro où plusieurs lignes y passent, ce qui est vraiment pratique suivant le quartier de New York que lon veut visiter.  Mackenzie et Ryan sont des hôtes très gentils et arrangeants. Nous avons passé un superbe séjour.  Nous recommandons bien évidemment cet airbnb à quiconque voudrait visiter pour quelques jours la ville.  My sister & I had a great stay here! Its a short walk from the subway, so it was easy for us to travel to Brooklyn and Manhattan. Ryan was great and helpful. He was available, but we were out most of the weekend so we didnt cross paths too much. One thing to note is that if you drive, you should plan a small time cushion for finding parking - thats true of most places in NYC, though. Overall this was a great value! Ryan and Mackenzie were friendly. We felt comfortably staying at their place. I got really sick on my last day in New York. We already checked out but they let me come back and rest in the room when I asked them. Thank you so much. Their place was a few minutes from couple of bus routes, and 10 minutes from the subway station. It was very convenient for us to go around using public transport. Mackenzie and Ryan are great hosts! They answered all our questions and were really friendly. The room was nice and cozy and we could always use the kitchen.  Also, the location of the apartment is awesome! Its a great neighborhood and just a 10 minutes walk to the subway station (from which you can basically get everywhere). We really enjoyed our stay and would always stay there again :) Nice place, great hosts. Mackenzie and Ryan are super friendly and flexible hosts. The location of the flat is great, there are good public transport connections everywhere (you just need to walk ~15 minutes to the nearest subway station) and the Sunday local market is fantastic. There are 2 active cats in the flat so if you dont mind them/love cats, this place is perfect! Mackenzie & Ryan were very welcoming, we surely felt at home after a long day of visiting New York ! :) We recommend staying there. This place is really close to La Guardia airport. It just cost like $12 by lyft, so I definitely recommend you to stay here if you use La Guardia airport. I think even the distance between here and JFK is not bad at all too. You will see lovely kittens. If you are a cat lover, I highly recommend you this place coz they are so adorable!!	1
573	Joes place is awesome. Well planned space. Everything you would ever need. Had washer and dryer in the unit which was a huge convenience. Definitely enjoyed my time there This can be a noisy neighborhood but it is definitely walk able to Times Square and this is a lively neighborhood in its own right.   There is a bar directly below the building that has a DJ and is open till 4am. There are all services close by.  The space is tight for about 3 people, I wouldnt want to put 4 in this apartment thats too tight. We were 3 and it was just fine. Good location. Enjoyed NYC life. Thank you for hospitality! Great location. Couple of blocks from times square and near central park.  After the slightly complicated check in where they used a lock box and attached it to a park fence (we had to check the whole park) We arrived in the flat.  It looked just like the pics but everything was very dirty, dust everywhere in all the cupboards, walls and draws. Me and my girlfriend had to clean everything when we arrived ourselves I even contacted the host and they did not care enough to reply.  I know they read the message as I sent anouther message on anouther day because we lost hot water and they replayed.   Overall I would not recommend this place I have stayed in a few airbnb and this was the worst.  You can find somewhere better for cheaper, Trust me Great location in Hells Kitchen. Great communication with Jessica from MetroButler. Appartment is missing Roku so no Netflix to be had. Location very good for Times Square, easy access to metro etc. Amenities are adequate, great to have laundry facilities. Bed and linen not as glamorous as lead to believe from photos. Double bed rather than queen. Everything from our first contact was smooth and easy! The lines of communication were always open and any question or concern we had was quickly addressed and remedied if needed to be.  The apt is PERFECT! Location, size, cleanliness, accessibility, you name it joes apt is A++.!! I would highly recommend Joe and his apt to anyone looking to stay in NYC and feel at home!! We had a blast! Thanks for a fabulous vacation. The host canceled this reservation 7 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great spot, walked to everything and the buses close by.  4th floor excellent exercise to work off the delicious meals at local restaurants.  Nicely detailed apartment with great appliances. My sister and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay	0
574	The apartment is just like what is shown in the picture – I can say even better. I love the interior design and everything is made functional in many ways by Danny in which I found very interesting. The lighting of the room is really nice especially during the day. At night, there are lamps with adequate lighting. The cleanliness is perfect! In general, I really enjoy spending my 4-night in this apartment.  However, if you are travelling with a big heavy luggage, you should be ready for exerting much energy during checkin since the apartment is on the 4th floor and there is no elevator. But again, its worth it!  During winter, the heating system is quite confusing for me because I dont really know how heating system works in apartments in the USA. So I kinda felt cold during my first night because I left the door open quite wide and the bathroom door open. Thankfully, Danny responded to it very quick and help me figure out how and why. The heating system is using a central heating through a pipe in each room so we cannot control the heating. After closing the window and the bathroom door during the night, the room temperature becomes much better. So all perfect! Even though, I found (one night) that the heating pipe is not really hot, maybe they turn it off for quite a while and turn it back on. I am not sure. However, the blankets Danny provides are warm enough.  The neighborhood is really nice. Its like the neighborhood you see in TV series How I Met Your Mother. I love it because its really close to the famous breakfast place Clinton Street Baking Company, Katz Delicatessen, and many more high Yelp-rated restaurants. Im such a foodie so its a really good location for me to get myself fattened!  Speaking of the distance to the metro station, its not that close but not far away. It takes about 10 minutes to the metro stations in average. If you get used to walking, this is definitely not a problem. Since I am from Indonesia where everyone drives, 10-minute walk is quite something for me haha but I got used to it though!    So yes in general, I will definitely stay in this place again when I am back in New York! And oh Danny is a really fantastic host! He responds very quick to my message and always makes sure everything is going fine!  Divine satisfaction!!! El apartamento de Danny nos encantó por todo en general. Tiene de todo y en perfectas condiciones y muy acojedor. en pleno invierno y  dormimos en manga corta. la cama super comoda y sin ruidos del exterior. la zona llena de restaurantes y bares geniales.   nos ha encantado estar en tu apartamento y repetiríamos seguro.  un saludo. Danny was very kind and helpful. The apt is small and it is on a 3th floor with no lift but it very comfortable, clean and just 2 steps away from many great places to eat and have fun in the East Village and Soho. It is easy to get to Brooklyn or downtown Manhattan. The apartment and location is great! Danny as a host was nice and very reachable whenever we were wondering something. The apartment it self is rather spacious and for two persons it was perfect. There is good restaurants nearby and whole foods is just a short walk from the apartment.    Overall we were very pleased with our stay!  Ruben & Alejandra Great place to stay in NYC!	0
575	"The appartment was big and bright. We were 2 couples and each couple has 2 rooms. The kitchen was well equipt so we could cook. There are many shops and places to eat near by. There a pharmacy  next to the appartment.  One off the things that bother us is that the appartment is on the 3td floor without elavator.  What we loved was the quick answers to every problem at any hour.  The appartement was exactly as described. 9 persons can easily stay in this 4 bedrooms-apartment. Communication was easy and fast. When you know NYC accommodation, I without any doubt recommend this apartment!  You are less than 15 Minutes away from midtown, and very close from upper east side and north Central Park. We stayed at this apartment on a weekend getaway in NYC. The apartment was so much better than we thought! The four bedrooms were perfect, each was spacious, had trendy sheets, a place to hang clothes, a dresser, nightstand and lamp. There were also plenty of plugs for juicing up electronics. In the kitchen there was a water kettle, coffee machine and pots and pans in case we wanted to cook. While we didnt cook, we found the coffee machine and water kettle to be extremely helpful. In the living room there was a comfortable couch that turned into a single bed, which was very convenient. There was also a large flat screen and access to cable and Netflix. This was great because we got to relax after a full day of walking along Central Park.  The apartment was very close to museums, a variety of food shops and public transportation. 116th Station was just 2 blocks away, and 1-hour parking was relatively easy on the street. A parking garage was just a 10-15 minute walk away, and this is what I opted for since I was afraid of any dings on my car. The rate was just $18 a day!  If you dont mind the walk and travel into the city using bus or subway, then you will love this place! We mostly used the subway to get to Times Square, Wall St, etc. We did walk to Central Park and saw beautiful graffiti and other art alone the way.   Overall, I am extremely satisfied with this Airbnb. The convenience and cleanliness was such a pleasant surprise. I would definitely stay here again next time I am in NYC! :) it is OK, the place is hot, noise, location is not good. Great, clean place in Harlem. The subway is only a block away and there are marts all around the place. We stayed on the third store so prepare to climb stairs. Other than that everything is great and met expectations.  Overall great stay! Check in and check out process was a  breeze! Super close to subway and essential stores. The guy who assisted us with check in was super helpful and responsive! We stayed for an overnight retreat and everyone enjoyed themselves.  This was a great little place to stay. The neighborhood was nice and quiet. People were friendly. The stairs were a little steeper than most, so it was a little difficult to get up heavy luggage. Overall, it wasnt a deal breaker though.  The location is in Spanish Harlem, the front door of the building is between two stores and there is no elevator. Cleaning staff had barely touched anything and were cleaning well after our check in time. If you plan on cooking, dont expect to do much. The kitchen isnt well equipped, the pots and pans are small and there is no microwave. There is also a smoke detector a few feet away from the oven and goes off all the time, which makes it difficult if you want to put anything in there. The bathroom is also a bit small and there is definitely something wrong with at least 2 of the 4 beds. Despite these issues, the apartment looked just like the pictures and the stay was okay.  I will start by saying that the home was in a great location. West Harlem was beautiful. You will have many options to choose from when it pertains to food, stores, and anything you can think of you can find. Everything is in walking distance. Parking was relatively easy to find. We arrived early and ""Dina"" was gracious enough to allow us to check in early. Upon arrival I informed ""Dina"" we were outside. She explained that her ""neighbor"" would meet us with the key. We meet this older man who showed us to the Apt. Yes there was a lot of steps. But thats not a big deal. Once I got into the Apt I was immediately hit by the heat that was coming from the apartment. I asking the older man if there was an air conditioning unit and he pointed to a small window unit in the window. He said they just turn it on. The older man continued to show us the rest of the apartment. The heat in apartment made it very uncomfortable. Only two rooms had small tower fans. The other two rooms did not have any fans. The rooms were as pictured. After the tour we unpacked and started to settle in. We decided to leave and go shopping to allow the apt to cool down. We return later that evening. The apartment was still warm. It started to rain so we thought the rain would help cool down the apartment. We decide to get out and experience the night life. One of my business partners went to take a shower, he noticed that the shower curtain was molded and dirty. I texted ""Dina"" to inform her of the issue. She replied quickly and stated she would take care of it the next day. That morning I had to text ""Dina"" again because the house was still warm. My two business partners couldnt sleep in their rooms because the their room was very hot and had to sleep in the living room. I texted ""Dina"" to information her of the situation. She replied ""You have an AC"". I was surprised with her reply because from reading the comments it was an obvious issues. I explain to her that the small window unit in the living is not adequate enough of this large 4 bedroom condo. She stated she would take care of it too. Never close the doors because you will wake up in sweat. The beds were not the best. One of my business partners informed me that his bed had collapsed with him in it. We was very alarming because he could have been injured. I also informed her of this issue. She replied that she would get fix it. Later that day a gentleman came. One I was taken by surprise because we werent informed that someone else was coming. Two we were expecting ""Dina"". Nevertheless the gentleman stated he came to look at everything. He fixed the bed. He... The price is great. It is East Harlem so dont expect doormen or limos but you are minutes away from midtown and Times Square We had a good stay at this apartment. We had 9 people from age 6-49, so the 4 bedrooms were a major plus. We had an issue with one of the beds that was fixed the next day. Communication was prompt. There is one small ac unit which is not big enough for the whole apartment (especially the east facing rooms), but there were fans in all the rooms and we werent there during the day anyway. There was plenty of drawer space and extra towels and sheets in each room.  It was around the corner from a subway stop and there were lots of places in the area to get something to eat. We parked at the Target/Costco garage and paid about $18 day; it was about a 15 min walk so we unloaded at the apartment and then went and parked the car. At the end of the day it was nice to put the kids to bed in separate rooms and then have some adult conversation (unlike a hotel where everyone pretty much has to go to bed at the same time). It worked well for our large group.  Despite its solid location, and a polite welcome, these accommodations will not work for those seeking respite from a hot summer day. The entire unit was at the mercy of one tiny AC unit installed in the window of the main living room. With temperatures hovering around 90 degrees, the unit was incapable of cooling even the main living area -- let alone any of the four bedrooms left to the mercy of fans which merely circulated oppressive hot air, and made for a miserable, sweaty nights of virtually no sleep. The place was close to metro, which takes you to grand central station in 15 minutes. The apartment was great, has everything you need. Great communication between host and us. I would defiantly recommend to stay here! Nice apt, easily accommodates up to 9 guests. Good wifi and tv Was a great place to stay. She was on top of everything we needed great communication and follow through. Would stay again. The area was great, the only thing was the stairs other than that was a great stay. Nous avons passé un séjour de  de  jours Nous étions 6 adultes et ados (Website hidden by Airbnb) Il faut dabord parler de l’emplacement dans Spanish Harlem qui est idéal (Website hidden by Airbnb) un bloc du métro qui descend dans Manhattan. Cest très pratique. Le quartier regorge de petits restau très sympas et de plusieurs supérettes dans lesquelles ont trouve tout ce dont on a besoin.( Il est un peu dommage quil ny ait pas de four micro-onde dans lappartement (Website hidden by Airbnb) Au sujet de lappartement, cest malheureusement beaucoup moins  bien.        Avant notre arrivé jéxprimais mon inquiétude à Dina  en lisant les messages des voyageurs mentionnant des problèmes de literie cassée et de climatiseur en panne.        Dina mavait assuré que tout serait réparé avant notre arrivée.        Ce n’était pas le cas. Notre lit sest écroulé sous notre poids et un autre avait tellement de lattes cassées quon passait littéralement à travers. Lorsque jai demandé à Dina de faire quelque chose, la personne qui est venu voir le problème nous a conseillé de dormir sur le canapé en attendant quil change le sommie (Website hidden by Airbnb) Deux jours après, ils ont effectivement posé un second sommier sur le premier (???) puis posé le matelas sur le tout, c’était très haut pour un lit. (Website hidden by Airbnb) La veille de notre départ, ils ont retiré le sommier neuf pour remplacer celui de la deuxième chambre . Nous nous sommes retrouvé avec notre sommier cassé (Website hidden by Airbnb) Dina demande 100 dollars par séjour pour le nettoyage . Il na pourtant été effectué que très rapidement avant notre arrivée. Il y avait des cheveux sur le carrelage de la salle de bain, des traces de saleté sur les murs blancs . Il manquait le cache de protection sur la bouche daération qui est extrêmement sale. Certains prises de courant et quelques interrupteurs nont également pas de cache de protection (Website hidden by Airbnb) Nous avons vu des souris à 3 reprises dans la cuisine. Il y avait des protections à ultra-sons dans lappartement mais cela ne suffisait visiblement pas. Je passerai rapidement sur les ampoules grillées et seulement 4 chaises pour 6 personne ( deux chaises pliables supplémentaires ont été déposées dès le lendemain par un ami de Dina (Website hidden by Airbnb) Dina a toujours répondu rapidement à mes messages, mais nous ne lavons jamais rencontré ni même parlé (Website hidden by Airbnb) Je trouve personnellement cela lamentable quand on paye 2775 Dollars + 50 en cash à notre arrivée ( tardive) There is no microwave Tres bon séjour Stations de Metro proches  À revoir : hygiène et literie Sinon , bien La comunicación ha sido buena. Debe mejorar aspectos del alojamiento como la insonorización de las ventanas y el baño. La limpieza del baño y acabados son mejorables. También es mejorable la limpieza de la entrada al edificio y la escalera. La zona es fantástica y la ubicación es muy buena con el metro a una calle. Recomiendo usar tapones para dormir. Hay un ruido infernal que proviene de máquinas de comercios de la zona. La comunicación con Dina ha sido fantástica y fluida. Proceso de entrada y salida del apartamento perfecto. This apartment is perfect, big and spacious.  Location is phonominal East Harlem is beautiful with lot of culture. 1 minute wall to tje green subway which gets you anywjere witj east transferes. Will deffinitly be back The accommodation was as expected. The connection to the metro and other public transport is good and easy. The neighborhood surely isnt the best one in New York but it was okay.  The flat is bright and spacey, the general level of tidiness was alright but could be improved in the bathroom and on the blankets. All in all it was a good stay especially for that price. Bel appartement qui a des atouts mais le rapport qualité prix nest pas satisfaisant.manque de rangements, déquipement (poêle, balai, micro-onde, fer à repasser,  sèche cheveux ) . Appartement très bruyant, 2 chambres sans climatisation, une autre  trop bruyante impossible à  stopper,  alors quil y avait une canicule à New-York. Visite éclair dune souris dans la cuisine. Points positifs: proximité du métro et des commerces, du papier toilette en quantité suffisante,  3 torchons, 2 grands sacs poubelle. Au regard du prix demandé  et des prestations données,  je ne recommanderais pas ce logement. De plus, nous navons pas vu Dina. Great place..location was great ..spacious and all that was missing was mirrors! Dina was very quick to respond to all of my questions. Check in and check out was easy. The place was very clean and easily accommodated a party of 10. Close to public transportation as well as restaurants and shops. Parking was a little difficult to find but eventually we found a garage nearby that charged us $15 per 24hrs. The stairs were a bit of a challenge for the kids but it is to be expected at a New York City apartment. Overall it was a great location and space for us! Idéalement situé, très agréable. Cleaning lady met me at the door with the keys. The apartment was very clean and accommodated my friends and I for one night. There is only one bathroom. This apartment is located right in the heart of Spanish Harlem. I was able to find parking on the street overnight and did not receive a ticket. Overall this apartment was great! Me he alojado con mi familia (7 adultos y cuatro niñas) en el apartamento de Dina durante 8 días. La experiencia ha sido excelente. El apartamento tenía todo lo necesario (excepto una sartén, o al menos yo no la encontré) y está al lado del metro. Estaba limpio, con sábanas y toallas  por partida doble para todos. El wifi y la TV funcionaban perfectamente. El barrio es seguro y hablan español en todos los sitios. Un gran sitio para alojarse si sois un grupo grande. A tener en cuenta: es un tercer piso sin ascensor, subir con maletas y cuatro sillas de niña fue muy divertido.  En resumen, cumplió con mis expectativas y lo recomiendo totalmente. NUESTRA ESTANCIA FUE EXCELENTE....EL DEPARTAMENTO SE ENCUENTRA EN BUENA UBICACIÓN Y CERCA DE MUCHOS LUGARES DE COMIDAS,SUPER,FARMACIAS,LICORERIAS Y LO PRINCIPAL CERCA DE PARADA DEL (Website hidden by Airbnb) LA ZONA UN  POCO RUIDOSA PERO CON LO CANSADO QUE LLEGAS NO LE PRESTAS MUCHA ATENCION,EL DEPARTAMENTO ERA MUY LIMPIO CON ALGUNOS DETALLES EN EL BAÑO QUE SE PODRÍAN (Website hidden by Airbnb) COMUNICACIÓN CON DINA EXCELENTE.... Y SI VUELVO A NY VOLVERÍA HA HOSPEDARME AHÍ SIN NINGÚN PROBLEMA. .. The flat was true to its description and had a lot of space; It was a little bit noisy at night because of AC equipments through windows (which we are not used to in France!). But the flat was nice and ideally located near grocery stores and a subway station. Dina was reactive and were really thankful for she allowed us to leave our luggage in the flat after our check out, so that we could visit NYC for a few extra hours at the end of our stay without them and we really appreciated that! Home was lovely. When I arrived we had a little mix up with which apartment we had, but they fixed it right away. Omg it is so convenient to everything! I was on business and needed last min supplies, I found it all within a block or two. Dina husband was so friendly and nice. He came in greeted us, made sure we were ok, and brought us little things we needed(extra blankets, extra heater). He even went downstairs to get ginger for a guest who was sick. He went above and beyond to please. Only down fall is the stairs. Its a third floor walk up and the steps are steep. The house keeper spoke a little English but she was so sweet and helpful. I would definitely book with them anytime Im back in New York. Thank you for making my visit so easy. La experiencia de mi familia es bastante mala. El apartamento estaba sucio y con mal olor en el baño. El aislamiento de las ventanas pésimo porque al estar el aire acondicionado estaba sellado con un plástico que dejaba entrar aire. El baño estaba sucio y no había útiles de limpieza como escoba. El gran problema ha sido encontar ratones vivos y muertos en el apartamento, y al comentarlo al anfitrión la solución fué poner trampas. Cada mañana sacábamos de uno a tres ratones enganchados en las trampas y al tener que mover los muebles y electrodomésticos salían una suciedad extrema junto a algún ratón muerto. Considero que con lo expuesto se dice todo. Por último quiero agradecer la atención al cliente de Airbnb que desde el primer día que le puse en conocimiento del problema me han ofrecido soporte y ayuda, gracias a Aránzazu y Esteven.Suerte. This location cannot be beat for the price. Close to metro stops and Central Park, its very easy to get around NY. The apartment was clean, quite large, and Dina made the check in and check out process very easy. Would recommend to others. Very nice apartment, 100% recommended The apartment was okay, the cleaning lady gave us a 2 pair of keys and show us the apartment, there were towels and extra linens for every bed and also towels for everyone, the stove in the kitchen had some loose switches and also the faucet was loose, it was impossible to cook due to the lack of a grease extractor con the kitchen which cause the fire alarm to go on every time we tried to cook, also only one of the four stove electric rings was working so again: impossible to cook, also I dont know if Dina owns the whole building but the people from upstairs were making loud parties that lasted all night long until dawn, also the apartment did not had any cleaning supplies which made hard to keep it clean for us. Dina made everything about our stay extremely smooth, easy, and convenient. Great location and great apartment with lots of space! Execelente Ubicacion, muy buen departamento, respuestas oportunas, limpio, cerca de todo para comer y farmacias. Solo no arrendar auto, es imposible el estacionamiento y estresante.  Mejor andar en uber, tren o taxi. Gracias Dina Nous avons passé 4 nuits en famille (7 personnes) dans ce logement: très bien situé (quartier sympa, supermarché et métro à 2 pas), tout à fait conforme à la description. Nous y avons trouvé toutes les commodités nécessaires (micro-onde, sèche-cheveux, wifi, linges de bain, ventilateurs, même un grille-pain!).  Propreté ok. Certaines installations mériteraient dêtre revues/réparées (cache ventilation salle de bain, pas de cache sur qq interrupteurs, radiateurs, literie moyenne). Il serait bien également de mettre à disposition des chaises pliables (il ny a que 4 chaises pour un appartement prévu pour 10 personnes).  Nous navons pas vu Dina mais elle a toujours été très réactive et proactive pour organiser notre séjour. Très arrangeante également (nous avons pu stocker les bagages après le check-out pour profiter librement de notre dernière journée!). La personne avec qui nous avons eu contact pour check-in et check-out était très sympathique et ponctuelle.  Après avoir lu quelques autres commentaires, je remarque également que Dina tient compte des remarques pour améliorer le logement (p.ex. mise à disposition four micro-ondes).  Nous avons eu une très bonne expérience et je recommande ce logement! Merci!"	0
576	Lappartement est très sympa, moderne, lumineux dans un quartier calme. Le métro est à 5min à pied et Manhattant est à 3 stations. La chambre de Maxwell est petite mais suffisante pour un couple (lit super confortable) avec une très belle vue sur les tours de Manhattan. Nous navons pas vu Maxwell mais nous avons apprécié quil nous laisse des serviettes ainsi que du shampoing et gel douche. Le gros point positif de cet appartement est la très grande terrasse où nous avons pu manger une fois au soleil. En revanche nous ne retournerons pas dans cet lappartement car il était beaucoup trop sale partout, surtout le sol et la cuisine. Cest très dommage pour un appartement aussi moderne et bien décoré. Les trois colocs doivent vraiment faire le ménage plus souvent ! I really recommend booking Maxs room, as it is in the perfect location with a brilliant view over Williamsburg and the Manhattan skyline. Personally I enjoyed the most his comfy bed and waking up with this awesome view from his bed. But please be aware that besides his room the apartment wasnt too clean, I was ok with it though.   Thanks! The host canceled this reservation 18 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 9 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. amazing location in the heart of williamsburg overlooking the empire state and chrysler buildings. the building offers great facilities as working stations, laundry, back yard and a rooftop with breath taking view of manhattan. comfortable room and the sweetest roommates.	0
577	5 of us stayed in Trevors apartment the weekend of the Copa America final and it worked great! The apartment is in a quiet East Village neighborhood that was walking distance to many bars, restaurants and the subway.  It was very clean, just like the pictures show. Beds and couch were comfortable and the typical small NY bathroom worked just fine for all of us.  The kitchen seemed to have all the necessities, but we never really used it.    Trevor had great communication before and after the trip and check-in was a breeze.  Everything went smooth!  Would definitely recommend the apartment for groups of 2-5.   East village est le quartier idéal pour vivre dans Manhattan et avec des ... new yorkais. Lappartement est idéalement placé pour se déplacer vers downtown et uptown à pied ou en métro.  De bonnes adresses pour sortir dans le quartier. Je recommande notamment Eleven B, un très bon restaurant italien ! Trevors apartment was fantastic! It was the perfect amount of space for our group of four people. The rooms were clean and simple and the living was the perfect place to hang out after a long day of exploring the city.     Trevor was very easy to communicate with. He responded to all my questions very quickly. He was very flexible with our check-in and check-out situation and we are so grateful to him for that! I was fortunate to meet him before we left and he was very kind and easy to talk to!    The neighborhood is absolutely fantastic! You are literally steps away from the best cafes and coffee shops in New York. The apartment is located on a great street and we always felt very safe at night.  We decided on this apartment following other reviews, and we are very happy to say that they are true. We stayed for 11 days and had dinner almost every night in the neighbourhood without repeating twice, and they were all great!  Trevor is a very good host, let us check in early morning, and check out in the afternoon without a problem, and quick to respond when I wrote to him.  We only stayed in the apartment at nights, but it was comfortable for the three of us, good lounge place to hang out, rooms are as in the pictures, and the shower is just great.  Dont miss out if the apartment is available and want to live NY as a true newyorker. Det var en yderst positiv oplevelse at bo i Trevors lejlighed.   Lejligheden har en rigtig god beliggenhed samt en god indvendig fordeling. Vi var to små familier afsted og vi kunne sagtens være til og samtidigt føle, at vi havde privatliv.  Som vært er Trevor meget imødekommende, humoristisk og åben. Hans anvisninger og informationer var meget udførlige og gjorde vores rejse nem.  Og så er Trevor fantastisk til at komme med gode tips og ideer til at udforske byen, og derved blev vores oplevelse af NYC meget andet en blot en turist. Vi følte os som lokale.  Det var en fornøjelse. Trevors apartment was in a great location within walking distance of public transportation and many restaurants/cafes. He was also very responsive and answered any questions I had quickly. The apartment felt smaller than the pictures, but overall it was a smooth stay. My wife and I stayed here with another couple and it worked great for us. The apartment is about 2 blocks to the L train which will transfer to 5 other subways that will get you almost everywhere you will want to go in the city! Overall we had a splendid 8 days at Trevors apartment in New York with my three teenage kids and wife.  The place was a bit cramped for us, doesnt feel as big as it looks in the pictures, but the brick and wood finishing gave the place a cool NYC feel which we preferred to other places.  The amenities are good: the hot water was fabulous, but the bathroom is cramped (a bit hard for tall people to sit on the toilet).  Its a bit far from the subway, which was our main means of getting around, but there are lots of good coffee shops and restaurants around, and it is within walking distance of a busy funky shopping area. Our goal was to feel like we were living in NYC and we met that objective.      non adatto a piu di 3 persone dopo aver fatto grande pulizia e attrezzato in modo da poterci vivere normalmente. This apartment is in a fantastic location! We were close to everything we wanted to see and do. Host was very easy to reach and super helpful Def. an awesome trip and stay. Check-in/out was easy and flexible. Apt was roomy and tidy. Bathroom was stocked up, wifi worked perfect, loved the brick walls! If youre looking for an exciting and comfortable stay in LES--this is it. Thanks Trevor. The apartment is in a great location and Trevor is a great host. He was super helpful and communicative. Would definitely stay here again We had a great stay at Trevors apartment. The neighborhood is wonderful and the apartment certainly has the NYC charm. We stayed for three nights and had a party of five ( a couple in each of the bedrooms and one lonely friend on the couch in the living room). The space is small, but we didnt spend much time in the apartment. Late at night we all sat comfortably in the living room chatting, cooled by the very much working AC unit. Trevor was very responsive to my messages and questions. Check in and check out were simple and Trevor was flexible when possible with hours. In terms of cleanliness I think there were some minor issues that Trevor could improve upon (washing the shower curtain, making sure the sheets are clean, providing extra towels), but nothing that would keep me from visiting again.  Thanks for hosting us! Nous avons passé deux semaines avec nos deux enfants dans cet appartement et de manière générale nous avons apprécié notre séjour. Lappartement est idéalement situé dans lEast Village, mais il est un peu sombre. Les deux chambres sont bien pratiques pour une famille. Il nest pas évident de faire la cuisine (manque dustensiles de cuisine), mais si on mange à lextérieur ce nest pas grave. Lappartement aurait pu être un peu plus propre. Le prix peut sembler élevé pour les prestations, mais il semblerait que ce soit la norme à Manhattan... Trevor a toujours été réactif et a répondu à toutes nos questions.  We spent two weeks with our two children in this appartment and we appreciated our stay. The appartment is a bit dark but ideally located in the East Village at a walking distance from most places we like. Two bedrooms are very useful for a family. Its difficult to cook in the kitchen because there arent many kitchen supplies (but if youre going to eat outside it doesnt matter). The appartment could have been cleanier. The price we paid seems to be high, but it is apparently normal for Manhattan... Trevor was always very reactive and answered all our questions. Very functional apartment. Clearly someone lives here a lot of the time so is not a permanent rental.  Location decent for good subway connection. Trevors place looks just as pictured. It is neat, tidy and was the perfect amount of space for me, my boyfriend and a friend. Trevor was also incredibly helpful. Trevors place is a great location! Easy access to restaurants, shops, and public transit. The apartment has a bachelor pad vibe, but its perfect for a short NYC trip. Nice apartment well located in the city center. Match the pictures and our expectations. Trevor was available for questions and the location was great for walking to great restaurants and shops. The building was cozy and accommodated the 4 in our family well. Trevors apartment is a typical Manhattan place. it has character, two reasonable-sized bedrooms at opposite ends of the property, a very comfortable couch, and is located in a good neighborhood, not far from the subway, a large supermarket, and plenty of restaurants. on the downside, its dark (almost no natural light in any of the rooms except the main bedroom), a bit rundown and uncared for, and is somebodys home - so quite full of  someone elses personal possessions, clothes, food, toiletries... beds were comfortable, kitchen equipment adequate, wifi excellent. it was quiet, and well-heated. Trevor was generous with check-in and check-out times, and able to answer any questions we had. Great apartment! Trevor was a very reliable host.	0
578	Really happy with my stay at Logans place. Perfectly located across the street from Prospect Park. Minutes walking distance from good coffee and restaurants. Logans  apartment is well decorated and very comfortable. The view of the Manhattan skyline is awesome. Suitable for a short or long stay. Had no issues whatsoever with communicating with Logan - he responded swiftly to all my messages. I would recommend his place and would definitely stay here again.  Logan was incredible! His apartment was beautiful, he was so sweet and had suggestions of what to do in NY on his wall. He was easy to get a hold of and also very lenient on my check out time because I had a later flight to catch. I would definitely recommend his place, also right by the Brooklyn museum and the subway station.:) Excellent place! Logan is a kind and gracious host, and has a lovely apartment. He was quite accommodating in meeting me at a place near my home to provide me with the keys. The description of the studio is very accurate. I quite enjoyed the proximity to Prospect Park.    The bed is fantastic and the view is quite nice.    The only drawbacks: the kitchen is fairly small, and the shower has 4 knobs, and was somewhat difficult to use.  It was also fairly warm in the apartment, but a fan and a window-mounted AC unit in the kitchen help to cool the place down.    However, the quality of the studio (lovely decor) and the lovely neighborhood more than make up for it. I had a great trip here.   Logans studio is located in one of the most beautiful parts of Brooklyn near prospect park. I rented his space for a day to shoot a music video. The atmosphere is perfect for a romantic song. Lots of space, natural light, nice view of Manhattan. Logan is a very nice and accommodating guest. I definitely recommend staying at his studio. Staying at Logan and Celines place for the night was amazing! It had one of the most beautiful views Ive ever had the pleasure of seeing, was aesthetically pleasing overall, and a very accommodating place to stay. My friend and I did go to some of the recommended places after attending celebrate brooklyn, which was conveniently located to the AIRBNB as well. Overall, if im ever in NY again, I think I know just where to go. Thank you again!  We enjoyed a very comfortable stay at Logans apartment. Logan was very responsive and easy to communicate with. The apartment was perfectly located right next to Prospect Park and walking distance to many shops and restaurants. Logan was super-helpful with all of my questions and requests - he even took additional photos that I requested. He was very responsive and worked out special timing for us so that we could make the most of our stay. Great experience! Logan was extremely warm and accomodating. Celine and Logan have been great hosts. Very responsive and caring.  The apartement has great charme as well as a  nice view over the Manhatten skyline. We also liked the personal artistic touch and the morning sunlight coming in.    Public transport into the city is in short walking distance   and the neighbouring park invites for running and relaxation.  Would do it again any time .     My parents visited for the weekend and stayed at Logans lovely place. He and his girlfriend were kind enough to let me pick up the keys a bit early on my parents behalf and he checked in near the end of the stay to make sure everything went well. The apartment is great--conveniently located near Prospect Park, Brooklyn Art Museum, activity on Flatbush Ave. and access to the 2/3 subway line. Great views of the Manhattan skyline and quiet at night! My parents loved it. Thanks, Logan! Beautiful clean apartment, extraordinary views of the city (esp. at night)! Close to everything. Well equipped, nice decor, close to everything (Brooklyn Museum, Botanic Garden, library, Prospect Park across the street!) super quick access to Manhattan, quick response and overall good communications with Logan and Celine. In short: great airbnb. This place is idyllic - beautifully decorated, great feel /atmosphere - was clean and comfortable - makes you want to live there! Really great view (stunning) and comfortable bed which is actually really rare. Also perfect Brooklyn spot, close to the park, trains and my favourite neighborhood Park Slope. Logan so very helpful too and helped me bring my bags up even though there is a lift... Overall this is the perfect place to stay - way better than a hotel. Good for single and would be v special for a couple...Id want to stay here whenever I return to NY if I can. Big thanks to Logan. Great Experience! My father and his girlfriend stayed at Logans studio and had a very good stay. They appreciated Logans hospitality and helpfulness and would definitely like to stay there again if they find themselves in the area, and would recommend the apartment to others. Small, but beautifully curated studio with amazing views!  Lovely apartment in Brooklyn. Great access to the subway as well as restaurants and the museum nearby. Wonderful experience with Logan and his apartment. It was exactly as described...clean, wonderfully decorated, great location.     Host was very responsive and helpful. Would definitely stay here again if I had the chance.  He made it easy to get the keys and the apartment was very clean and neat. We had a great (Email hidden by Airbnb) munication was seamless and the apartment itself was great. Lovely views, comfortable bed and great roof terrace. It is pretty small, but has all you need. Its well positioned and the area was safe and quiet. There are a few idiosyncrasies one has to get used to (hot water seemed to go off in the evenings and a slightly odd musky smell) but overall we enjoyed our stay. We had a great experience staying at Logans apartment. Everything was as described. We loved the location, the view, comfy bed, and communication with Logan. His neighborhood recommendations were spot on and wed be happy to visit Brooklyn again! We really enjoyed our stay at Logans Brooklyn studio. Logan is a very good and timely communicator and was great to work with. The studio is very nicely decorated and very clean. It is in a great location, close to nice restaurants and coffee shops and a nice view of Manhattan. We highly recommend Logans studio and plan to stay there on our next visit. Logan was a tremendous host: friendly, communicative, flexible. His place was exactly what he promised. Its small but so charming, and great for a single traveler or couple. My mom stayed her for a week while visiting her new grandson at my house a few blocks away, and she loved it. A perfect solution. Thank you.  The location was the best part and really great  Everything else was like in the photos , I wasnt surprise to find it very tiny , however, I was dissapoitment that the shits were not so clean , also the two towels for ten days  I brought shit from my son apt   Also , the sink was not working from first moment , that should have been fixed before  I would never do anything in this tiny kitchen   Only cut an apple   And the crazy neighbor ?  But great location  Still, very expensive for only location The studio apartment was perfect for our very romantic weekend in Brooklyn.  Steps from the library and the park, with all of the great restaurants, bars and coffee shops of Prospect Heights nearby.  The apartment was clean and roomy enough for a couple, and the view from the roof was lovely. These folks are so easy to work with.  The location is fantastic for seeing Brooklyn or getting into Manhattan.  Apartment is quite and comfortable.    Logans apartment is in a fantastic spot directly opposite the Brooklyn museum and Prospect Park and a short walking distance from three subway stations. Its a small apartment, but feels cosy and relaxed, very safe. Youve got just about everything you need, and a fantastic view overlooking the city. Its a lovely place and Id definitely recommend to other lone travellers or adventurous couples spending some time in NYC. Logan was very communicative and checked in every so often to make sure all was ok as, I was staying for quite some time. Would certainly stay again!  sunset view beautiful and apartment is truly quiet - sleeping w/o noise in NYC is amazing. The home is quirky with art over the walls and a feeling of being in a very loved home. The bathroom and kitchen are very small otherwise it is a most comfortable studio apartment. Highly recommend the location with a magnificent park opposite and great restaurants 10 minutes walk  along a clean wide tree lined street. The host canceled this reservation 25 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	1
579	Place is as described. Jasper is a nice guy and accommodate all of my needs. the house is very nice.Jasper is a warm and kind person, I feel like home during the stay. The appartment was in a wonderful neighbourhoud near Manhatten. Its just 20 minutes to get into the centre. The tenant left the key somewhere so I could enter the house. Next the appartment is a lively neighbourhoud with all shops and restaurants.  If you dont mind washing in a dirty badroom with all hairs around and sleeping on the top of a double bed, this is the place to be. You can enjoy all the neighbour living there. You sit in the room en listen. The tenant is kind (during the week not available). You have to bring you own towel. Nao pude aparecer, tive problemas de atraso no meu voo. Jasper sent clear details on where to pick up the key when it was predicted that he would not be in the apartment. Hes a nice, easy-going, sociable, and respectful guy. The room is simple, but comfortable. Location was convenient and about a 5 minute walk to the subway. For the price and considering that its New York, I am happy with having stayed here for a week.	0
580	Matthew is the sweetest rb&b host I have ever had and I can tell, as I am traveling all the time and use Rb&b every a lot.     He is reliable, flexible, responsible and very sympathetic.    His place was very clean and really well decorated.    The view on the three New Yorks bridges will take your breath away, especially at night! Trust me, you ll wish to have sleepless nights just to watch the show!    It could truly be an amazing movie location!     If you have a chance to pass by Williamsburg, Matthews studio is the place you have to stay in !      The view from Matts apartment is incredible -- I think I shared a photo that I took from the window with every person who would look over my shoulder during my stay.  And the apartment is excellent -- exactly what you expect from reviewing the pictures.  Matt was also very easy to work with -- I booked my stay last minute, but everything went perfectly seamlessly.  Id definitely stay again. Matt was really friendly and helpful, apartment is clean and good equipped. I really enjoy my stay at Matts apartment with amazing view for Manhattan! Great location, nice apartment, and amazing view... This was a perfect cozy little studio in Brooklyn. View was unbelievable. Interior was clean and exactly as pictured. Matt was responsive and had it all ready for us when we arrived. Would definitely recommend!	0
581	"Missy was a wonderful host.  She welcomed me into ""my home away from home"" for the week.  She didnt make me feel rushed even though my  flight was almost and hour late and she had other places to be.   She showed me everything that I needed to know about the apartment.  When I emailed her she was very responsive.  Missy went to the store and presented me with a lovely assorted fruit basket,  assorted cookies,  along with juice and yogurt.      She maintains an immaculately clean apparent, very tide worthy of any sea captain.    Most importantly, the bed was very comfortable and the shower was hot with great water pressure.    By the end of 3 days I didnt stop on the stair case once!  Missy thank you for all your hospitality . This place is in such a trendy area its actually amazing. The apartment is great as a crash pad or just to relax in - such a sweet place. Not enough can be said about the neighbourhood- super cool place.  Everything was great! Missy had gone to trouble to personalise my stay, writing my name on the cookie jar, and ensuring there was plenty of breakfast and snacking provisions! The apartment was extremely clean and well laid out, and the bed, although a fold out, was superbly comfortable.  The apartment is superbly located and I would highly recommend for a single or couple.  Wonderful stay.  Missy welcomed me warmly, and her apartment suited me perfectly.  Very quiet and very comfy.  Until next time... :) The apt is in a very good position and its very warm and clean, you can feel like at your own home.  Missy is very kind and generous, definitely the best way to start live NY as a Newyorker!! Next time Ill come back again there!!  Great quirky apartment in a great quirky location, has everything for a perfect stay in NY - Missy was an excellent host - absolutely recommend Missys place! This is the 2nd time Ive stayed at Missys.  Her place is really well located, clean and comfy.  Missy is a great host - she was there to greet me and made sure I had all the info and goodies I needed. Great apartment for a nyc weekend! Missy was helpful and the place gives a feeling of ""real"" New York. Lots of bars, restaurants and the subway close by. Recommended. Missy was great!  Very welcoming and helpful.  She is a truly lovely lady and you feel from her and the apartment that she has some stories to tell.  The apartment is in a terrific location in the center of West Village life.  You can feel the vibe of the area every turn you take.  So many things to see and do in the area.  Plus the access to several metro lines is just a couple minutes walk away.  My girlfriend and I loved staying at Missys apartment.  Fantastic experience!  Thanks Missy! Clean apartment, very nice living room, perfect location to visit NYC. Missy was there to welcome us, and provided detailed explanation about the apartment and neighborhood. And a big plus for the breakfast ! What a great find! Missy is an exceptionally warm and welcoming host. She cheerfully accommodated my early morning arrival and even had coffee and croissants waiting for me. Her apartment is extremely comfortable, quiet, and cozy. It feels bigger than the photos represent. The location couldnt be better with great restaurants, coffee, everything awesome right there in the neighborhood. Super easy to get around if you are on foot, subway, uber or taxi. I hope to stay at her place on my next visit to New York.  Booking this place was straightforward and Missy was very prompt in getting back to me. The apartment itself is exactly as it appears in the profile, the neighbourhood is quiet and relaxed whilst being close to every amenity possible in the city, including the metro. I had a great stay and would come back. Missy was great and so was the suite. It is very cozy and Missy provided many extras like tea, coffee and even breakfast items. I would highly recommend this apartment and Missy.  Missys apartment was fantastic,and she was a great host.  The apartment is in a lovely location, very central but quiet at the same time. We stayed in other locations in Manhattan but enjoyed Missys the most by far.  Would love to return to this apartment in future. Missy was the perfect host! A beautiful welcome food pack on arrival - fresh milk, coffee and croissant! The little details were very much appreciated. Her gorgeous flat is an oasis - very peaceful, clean and quiet and everything you could possibly need on your doorstep. Missy was always very attentive, just at the end off the phone/ email if there was anything I needed. Would definitely come back again. Fabulous! Thank you so much Missy!  Had a really good stay at Missys place! Great place! Missy was amazing Missys place is fantastic. The apartment is bright, comfortable, convenient, and quiet, which was perfect for my work. Missy met me for check-in to show me around the apartment and make sure I had everything I needed. She even bought some fruit and croissants, which was a lovely touch and much appreciated. The apartment is near everything you would need (grocery, drugstores, restaurants, coffee shops, subway, parks) and it is a fun neighborhood to walk around. Missy was also great about communicating.  Thank you so much! Great central location. Missy is quick to communicate should you need anything. Great central location and nice comfortable apartment to stay in. Missy went above and beyond to insure a great stay - from staying late into the night to greet me personally and then help me with my luggage up the stairs, she also had the kitchen equipped with snacks and teas / coffees which were most welcome after travelling. Leaving information locally in regards to everything from laundry services to the best places for lunch, she was more than helpful - not to mention her lovely apartment and its really fantastic location, I was sad to leave! I really enjoyed my stay at Missy´s place and can highly recommend it. It is exactly as on the photos, cozy and nicely furnished. I most appreciated the calmness and brightness. Even with window open, I could sleep well at night which is probably not obvious in a place like NYC... Missy was very responsive and friendly. She welcomed me personally when I arrived in the evening to explain everything in the apartment.  The flat is in a great location, in the heart of Greenwich Village, 5 mins to Washington Square park and 5 mins to the Hudson River. Coffee shops, restaurants, supermarkets, book shops, public library and a great ice cream place near by.  I would definitely go back if I stay again in the Village. Missy’s place was one of the coziest I’ve ever seen. It has enough space for up to 2 people, great location, amazing hospitality, British style sink in bathroom;), NYC style kitchen, good internet although sometimes goofy. Also, it’s on 5th floor, but Missy even helped with carrying bags.  Anyway, will definitely recommended to a friend."	1
582	I stayed in a lot of places in and around NYC, and this is hands down the best! Besides freshly made juices in the morning, there is also a treadmill and a sauna. Yes, an actual sauna in the  basement! Blew my mind. The neighborhood is nice and quiet, and there is excellent BBQ place a few blocks away (Joepers Smokeshack). I highly recommend a stay at Annettes!! I stayed at Annettes place for my 3-day trip visiting New York. Annette is an awesome host. She replied to all the question that I had very fast and on point. And I really appreciate the fact that she had to stay up late so I could check in around midnight. The room is clean and lovely. The neighborhood is nice and safe. The commute was also convenient. Theres a lot of public transportation options to Manhattan and its only 20 mins taxi from JFK. I would recommend Annettes place for anyone expecting an awesome experience visiting New York. Annette is a very kind and nice host! I loved staying in her apartment,it was just what I needed. The room is really cute,clean and well-equipped. Fresh juices and smoothies for breakfast are awesome! Thank you for everything! Highly recommend! Simplismente perfeita! Annette e uma pessoa sensassional, toda manha me servia suco, casa cheirosa e limpa, lanches de cortesia, quarto muito confortavel. Apesar do meu Ingles ser fraco conversavamos bastante. EXELENTE ESCOLHA She is an amazing host, easy to communicate, and she is ready to help whatever I need. Room is typical Brooklyn-sized but clean. The house smells very nice. B82 bus is one block away and can take you to subway B and Q lines in less than half hour. I didnt try restaurants in the area but the place was quiet. It was a very good stay. Ms. Annette was an amazing host! I really enjoyed the daily fresh morning juices to start my day. She was very knowledgeable about to area and gave great directions on how to get around. The neighborhood was nice and quiet except that one morning when someone was having a motorcycle race with himself at 6am...lol. Other than that my stay was great! I would definitely stay there again! I had an amazing experience renting out a room with Annette. She truly cares about her guests and made sure that all my needs were attended to - which I did not expect from an air bnb host. She also made delicious juices and provided a very relaxing sauna experience!  The house was spotless, the room was cozy, and the place exceeded my expectations. If I ever come back to New York, I will definitely be staying with Annette. She is simply the best! Perfect! Mein Flugzeug hatte Verspätung, sodass ich erst sehr spät in der Nacht kam. Annette war trotzdem sehr freundlich und hat mir bei jeder Frage geholfen. Ich kann einen Aufenthalt bei ihr sehr empfehlen. :-) Annette is a very kind and accommodating host. Her house is in a quiet Brooklyn neighborhood (and even features a parking space!), and she offers many nice little touches to make sure her guests feel at home. Highly recommended and at a great price! Anettes place is very convenient since the bus stop is a few steps away. She will also give you directions and very quick to respond to messages when you get lost while exploring. The neighborhood is so quiet and safe and easy to locate. The place is so neat and well maintained. I love her fresh fruit shakes and smoothies in the morning. Id say I look forward to this everyday. Wifi connection is really good. What I like most about Anette is her concern for her guests whenever Im lost or get home late. She made me feel that I have a family in Brooklyn. I am a frequent traveler sometimes solo and most of the time with friends. I will definitely stay here again and again! Great place, great host! Annette is a super warm host.I had great time at her home. It was not only accommodation, I felt it was like a HOME and FAMILY. She helped me a lot. I want to go there again!!!!! Thank you so much Annette. Dear All - Annette can only be described as a great host with a large heart that comes naturally.  I would urge anyone visiting Brooklyn,  to first check for a space in her cute apartment before looking else well because you can be sure you will get the best value for your money, treatment and respect for your privacy plus the comfort you desire. .  The morning treat is huge.  Thanks all. Patience Annette is a professional and kind host. She welcomes you to snacks and sauna. The place is clean and smells lovely. The location gets a while to get from and to if you’re not used to public transport but the house is located in a quiet street. Annette was very accommodating and a pleasant communicator. The house was clean and was exactly how it was shown on the site. I felt really at home. Annette took the trouble to accompany me to the Ground zero, drove me to a vegan restaurant for lunch and dropped me at the bus stop when I left NY for Boston. Annette is so warm and caring that she really made the experience special. Her home is accessible to transit into the city and in a quiet location. Definitely would come back! Super nice and friendly host and lovely room , you can totally relax and take a rest! Also make some friends around the world Annette is a lovely hostess, I got stranded on my last day due to a winter storm and she was very gracious to let me stay an extra night. She is a cheerful and pleasant lady who likes to get to know her guests, her juicing skills are exceptional so be ready to be charmed. Her place is in a residential area in lower east Brooklyn but like most places in NYC its not too far to Manhattan, average travel time is at least an hour via bus and train or both. The single room is perfect for individual light travellers. Anette keeps a tidy space and guests share a bathroom. She also has a sauna which I must try the next time I stay with her. Mrs. Annette is easily one of the most open hearted and amazing people I have ever meet. From the moment of me walking in the door to the moment I left she made my stay almost like being at home with long lost family. The location is good but the host is spectacular. Annette is a really great host. She went above and beyond  to make sure that I knew my way around the city and was comfortable in the home. Annette has a warm heart and I am very thankful for my stay with her :-)	1
583	This is place is a rare gem - a single family home with modern conveniences right in the heart of the action in Brooklyn. We were looking for plenty of space without having to deal with a super or noisy neighbors. Its three floors of privacy and spaciousness you wont find in similarly priced places nearby. Completely blew us away; the pictures on everyones listings always look nice, but this is a house that actually lives up to the listing! Bathrooms were updated and clean, the pro kitchen was amazing, and the laundry room saved us in a pinch.   The private backyard is absolutely beautiful. Had a nice glass of wine back there right around dusk. Outstanding!  As for transportation, the subway was a short walk (10 minutes) away, theres also a bus stop close by, but we didnt end up taking the bus.   Host was friendly, communicative and helpful. The whole process was as frictionless as possible.   Quiet neighborhood, decent street parking, and plenty of food options within walking distance. We would definitely stay again! We had such a lovely time here. The house was very spacious and tidy. We had everything we needed to be comfortable. The backyard is such a nice bonus. Amy was so nice and very available to answer any questions we had. The location is great and has many eating and grocery options. Traveling into Manhattan was easy. I would absolutely stay here again if Im in NYC.  Just have experience it for yourself but Ill say everything was perfect, beautiful house by the way. What a lovely place! With a great backyard and kitchen to cook in :) amy was a gracious host and really easy to communicate with. This is a beautiful and spacious home. It is in walking distance to lots of restaurants and the awesome Prospect Park. We were traveling with two children and the space was perfect for us. Amy is a great host and communicator. Beautiful home, great location, nice fenced in back yard and very accommodating!Amy even had homemade peanut butter cookies that were delicious for us when we arrived. Everything was very clean and Amy made it very easy for us to find our way around by having a step by step guide for the home and local shopping, restaurants etc. Nice house. Nice amenities. Nice location. Good hostess. This house was perfect for our trip. I stayed in Amy’s house with 4 of my best friends over NYE weekend. We all live in different parts of the world now so it’s hard for us all to get together and find a place where we can feel at home. Amy’s place did just that. She left us recommendations for local restaurants, answered every question I had, and made us feel truly at home in Park Slope.	1
584	"Wow, what was not to love about Claudinas apartment! Great central location, yet also quiet. The whole process was handled perfectly. We were greeted upon arrival, the place was spotless, clean sheets and towels, and the air con was also very handy - as it was HOT in the city! Overall our great time in NYC was made by Claudina and her wonderful place.     As first time users of airbnb we found the whole experience perfect. We highly recommend this apartment - as a matter of fact we would love to stay there again sometime!   Our stay at Claudinas was wonderful. She was really helpful before the trip, and although we never actually met her, she arranged everything so her neighbour Demetre could welcome us into the apartment, Her home is really confortable, with everything that you could need to make your stay easier. The only thing that was a little hard to deal with was the fact that it is a 6th floor without elevator, but theres nothing Claudina could do about it ;). We totally recommend this apartment to anyone travelling to NYC, and we are also looking forward coming back soon! We really enjoyed staying at Claudinas apartment! She communicated really well (and quickly) and her apartment was exactly as she described it and as the pictures showed. There were no winder coverings, so we felt a little exposed at night in particular (and had to change clothes in the bathroom or with the lights off). Nevertheless, the apartment was really fun and met our needs well. The only major ""con"" for our experience was the location of the apartment. We were visiting New York as tourists and so we spent much of our time uptown. The F train near her apartment is somewhat inconvenient to connect with from other parts of town and this meant that traveling anywhere took a lot of time/energy. One should note, too, that the apartment is a 6th floor walk-up.    All that being said, Claudina was a great host, the apartment was perfet (though not in an ideal location) and was much more friendly to our budget than most NYC hotels.  Amazing apartment. Claudina was out of town during our stay but was contactable during the whole time and very helpful. Wish I could have met her. Arranging key pick-up was easy and flexible despite my flight being significantly delayed. Had a great time here, particularly loved the vinyl collection. Would definitely stay again. Thanks! Claudinas place came to me in a massive research over Lower East Side apartments as an ""unique place in a trendy area"". It turns out its not a trendy area at all, its mostly China Town and I got really upset and disappointed the very first minute I realized that. For this reason, if you are slightly like me and location really matters to you, despite the apartment is located just 3 blocks away from the subway, I would not recommend staying there at all. Cant speak for others, but I didnt feel safe walking there late nights, and the smell on the streets is something to forget.     For those of you who do not care about it, I must also be fair and do a proper review of the place. I spent 10 days in her place and overall I would rate it 4.0 in a scale of 0 to 10.    The pros: the apartment is very cosy and you feel good inside. I think it has something to do with the retro atmosphere, the decoration, the very comfy bed, the music and the lights. There was a day I had to work and couldnt go outside, and It was OK staying in there.    The cons:     1. What bothered me the most was the kitchen. If you enjoy cooking, forget it! Its not equipped properly, the pans are terrible, there isnt much light neither kitchen paper. Overall things are very dirty, with dust all over. I had to clean everything before starting using them. In addition, the fridge is very small and I think it should be said in advance. I got extremely disappointed, especially because I had told the owner in advance that I was looking for an equipped kitchen.    2. The heat doesnt work properly and I even considered leaving on the first night cause it was too damn cold! I made a complain and it started to work the next day, even so it kept going very unstable during the week.     3. It also bothered me that there arent any papers containing useful informations about the place (wi-fi password, how the heat works, which key opens which door, check out procedures, etc). The minute you arrive you just want to feel at home and I had to keep texting the neighbor to know how things works. Hes nice and helpful, but still...    4. I thought I would be able to deal with the 6th floor thing, but if you a have bags, oh my! Its really something you should consider.    I think the apartment has a lot of potential for those looking for a cosy place and dont mind the area neither the kitchen and the stairs, but there are definitely a lot of things for her to take care of.        Great apartment and nice area! Claudina was a wonderful host and we will for sure consider staying in her apartment the next time we go there. I loved my stay here for a week. Felt like home. Super cute and a very original New York experience. Internet, record player, cozy bed, and quiet. Ill be back!!! The reservation was canceled 7 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Fidèle aux photos, lappartement est typiquement newyorkais, il est bien situé, proche du métro.   Un bémol les 88 marches à monter ! The reservation was canceled 7 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. We had a great time at Claudinas place! She welcomed us downstairs and walked us up into her beautiful and soooo cool appartment in wich sunny music was playing thanks to her awesome vintage collection of vinyls!   From the super comfy bed,  the original posters and art work on the walls, all the way to the 70s playboys in the toilet, we loved every inch of the place (only read the articles of course :) ).  The neighborhood is quiet and close to everything we needed. It was almost heartbreaking to leave since we felt so at home after those few days.  Thanks for a memorable Easter in NY Claudina!  The reservation was canceled the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Our stay was quite unfortunate, the apartment was dirty and there were cockroaches in the kitchen.  fortunately as soon as we complained, we were refunded for the cleaning fee and the nights we didnt spend in the apartment, but we ended up spending money both on eating out every day (the kitchen was dirty) and on a hotel room, spending much more above planned.  Seeing such lovely Airbnb.com verified photos we booked the place in a heartbeat, unfortunately the place did not look as it does in the photos.  It is a shame, it looks like the girls have good taste, and Claudina was very nice, its just a shame they were so careless about the state it was in.     This was such a cute spot and exactly like the pictures! Its a great location and Claudina was very responsive. I will definitely see if this place is available for my next visit I highly recommend it! Really enjoyed my stay in Claudinas apartment in LES. Its on a quiet street in a very nice neighbourhood. Lots of delis and a nice bar called Eastwood all very close.    Meeting Claudina for the keys with very straightforward and she communicated well. Very friendly host and would stay happily stay there again next time I visit NY. The appartment is exactly whats shown on the pictures, very quirky and clean. Also a great vinyl collection which was cool too. The location is pretty good. Near some great cheap food. I think this place puts you in the better areas of manhattan.  The hosts accommodated me at the last minute and allowed me to extend the stay.  The place is decorated in a very warm and eclectic way. I didnt get to try out the record player, which I wish I had the stick-to-it-iveness to try and get working. Going out was a greater focus of my trip.  The bedroom is simple and comfortable with space to put clothes and other things. The bed is better than any hotel bed Ive ever slept on. The bathroom and kitchen are the same - simple and nice.  Gripes: Im a bug guy and 5 flights of steeper than usual stairs suck -- seems normal in the city though. The kitchen table is right up against a step down when coming out of the bathroom, which was annoying to navigate.  None of those were a big deal. In fact I think the exercise coming up the stairs helped negate some of the fatty foods I consumed.    This was my first Air BnB experience. I stayed at Claudinas apartment for 10 days in Feb 14 w/my girlfriend. It was perfect for us. The location is fantastic. It is extremely central if you are driving or taking public transportation. The F train is less than 2 blocks away and the Manhattan Bridge is just down the road. It took us about 20 mins by train to get to Times Square, just to give you an idea. As a native New Yorker, I knew we didnt want to stay in a super bustling neighborhood. We were looking for relative piece and quiet. So this location worked well for us.     The apartment itself was perfect as well. Nice and cozy. Great heating, good hot water and good water pressure. The wifi was great as well which was one of the most important things for us when booking. As you can see from the pictures Claudinas apartment has a lot of personality and character to it which we loved. It really felt like home for the 10 days we were there.    Just fair warning, the apartment is on the 6th floor with no elevator. We didnt mind the walk at all. Its not as bad as it sounds. So dont let that dissuade you from staying here.      Claudina was extremely professional and helpful. She even set up her record player/music system for us before she left. Much appreciated. We couldnt have asked for a better host for our first BNB experience.     I would highly recommend Claudinas apartment to anyone looking for a quant centrally located place to stay in a safe neighborhood in NYC.     Thank you Claudina for a wonderful stay.    Appartement charmant ; déco vintage.  Il y a tout ce quil faut.  + Super collection de vinyles !   Très bien situé près de la ligne F du métro qui dessert la plupart des principaux quartiers de Manhattan.  Pas de soucis pour récupérer les clefs.  Petits points négatifs : beaucoup de marches à monter (6ème étage), cage descalier plutôt sale.    The apartment is as cozy and wonderful as it looks on the pictures and we felt at home instantly. It was clean, the bed was very comfortable and soft and the shower had a good water pressure and provided hot water in a few seconds. Dont miss out the awesome vinyl collection if you stay there!  The 5 floors upwalk wasnt that bad at all. And just one more floor up you can hang out on the awesome roof top and enjoy the view. The next subway station (F-train) was just around the corner and you could get easily to everywhere in Manhattan from there, also Brooklyn is just one station away. Theres a supermarket just a few minutes walk away and many other nice little shops.  Claudina is a lovely person and welcomed us warmely, she was always there for any questions we had and there were no problems at all. So glad we picked this great apartment to stay, would go there again any time! My girlfriend and I stayed here for three nights and absolutely loved it.    Claudina was out of town during our stay and she was great about arranging for us to pick up the keys from a friend. She was always there by email or text message for any questions we had and she was very flexible about all logistics. We’re sad we weren’t able to meet her; she seems like a lovely person.    The apartment is exactly as described. The place was clean with cool decorations, nice plants, a great record collection, and a lot of light. The weather was perfect for leaving the windows open a little the entire time we were there. The steam heat did come on one night and it seemed like it’s probably more than sufficient for winter, if you happen to visit then.    The subway station is a very short walk away, so you can be just about anywhere in Manhattan or Brooklyn in no time at all. And it was an easy trip from LaGuardia, with just one transfer. We came back to the apartment by subway very late on a couple of nights and didn’t feel unsafe. We also enjoyed the nearby grocer and restaurants.    I would definitely book this place again. I appreciated the lengthy description and the apartment lived up to every bit. Our stay was very enjoyable, incredibly easy to get around the city because of the proximity to the subway and general location in Manhattan.    Would definitely recommend to anyone familiar with the area or visiting New York for the first time! The communication up until arrival was great. We booked early, and Claudina was quick to answer the emails. A few days before arrival, it was a bit hard to get in contact in order to agree on how we should get the keys (Claudina was not home), which is the only thing I could lay a finger on. When we arrived, it all worked out. Claudina was helpful via text messages and even directed us to the nearest grocery store.  The apartment is small, but build up in a nice way. Its a very cosy apartment, and me and my girlfriend enjoyed living there. The neighborhood is great as well. Its a few minutes to a Subway station, so its easy to get around, whether its Manhatten or Brooklyn where we spend a lot of time.  I can definitely recommend a stay in Claudinas apartment, and we would love to visit again. We loved staying in Claudinas apartment. Decorated with funky accents, the studio had a lot of personality and felt very homey. Claudina was easy to coordinate with and very responsive with all of our questions. I would definitely recommend this studio to my friends! Nous avons passé un bon séjour dans le charmant appartement de Claudina. Bien aménagé et fonctionnel!   Sympathique collection de disques vinyles!  Vrai coin cuisine très bien organisé!  Quartier pas le plus glamour mais sympa, pratique, metro à 2 minutes.  Les 5 étages à monter sont le petit hic lorsque lon a crapahuté toute la journée. Il manque de vrais rideaux dans la chambre!    Claudina est charmante bien que tête en lair. Elle nous attendait le lendemain de notre arrivée, du coup nous avons attendu 4 h avec nos valises afin de réussir à la joindre et ensuite intégrer lappart. Du coup le ménage était un peu limite.  Néanmoins elle a fait un geste commercial pour rattraper le coup!   The host canceled this reservation 5 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. El departamento es muy bonito. Claudina buena onda. Tuvimos un par de inconvenientes pero encontramos solución. El barrio es rico porque cerca de todo y hay muchos lugares cerca donde comer excelente. Cerca del departamento hemos visto dos punto de venta de harddrugs y por ende hay muchisimo junkie circulando. Eso fue un poco intenso. Yo arrendaria el departamento de nuevo pero no sola. Appartments are very cosy, stylish and comfortable. Subway station is very close. Good and very safe neighborhood with dozens of cafe. Checkin and checkout was very suitable as we werent need to wait.  Thank you Claudina! Claudina’s place is definitely amazing, we loved it. It’s super comfortable and convenient if you want visit NYC. The check-in worked perfectly and Claudina left us a 20$ gift certificate of an adorable bar just near the apartment! We really appreciated that. Moreover, Claudina left us an Apple Mac and a wifi open! There is only one little advantages if you are like us with lots of baggages: the stairs. Super recommended, we will definitely return if we return to NYC. Excelente host! muy acogedora, muy rápida en contestar preguntas. El departamento es adorable, muy acogedor y cálido y la ubicación muy buena. Super appartement dans le sud de Manhattan, à 5min dune station de métro qui dessert le coeur de NY (Rockfeller center, times square, central park, 5av...) et Brooklyn.  Appartement atypique mais décoré avec goût ; avec tous les équipements pour cuisiner. Rapport qualité/prix au top.  Lhôte a été arrangeante pour lhoraire de départ.   Je recommande fortement"	0
585	"The space was just as described, a two-bedroom one-bathroom space on the 2nd floor. There was indeed a 24-hr doorman, a lobby, laundry room and elevator. The neighborhood was a nice, quiet residential area only a few blocks away from the 2 and 5 train. Upon arrival, the apt was not ready and the host came in and out a few times to adjust last minute things. The space looked MUCH MUCH cleaner in the photos. I ended up cleaning the bathroom just to bare showering and sweeping the floors to avoid allergy attacks. As a frequent airbnb renter, I was very disappointed at this space for the price. This review is just a heads-up for future renters who want a clean space to feel comfortable in during their stay in New York.  le logement super bien placé proche de tout super de flatbush de quoi faire du shopping. immeuble très sécurisé. gardien 24/24. appartement très spacieux. seul bémol cafard partout. toilette pas très propres. mites sur le lit nous l avons signalé au propriétaire. je pense quentre temps il à fait le nécessaire. les voisins du dessous hyper brouillant. depuis 5h du matin les chaises trainent déjà. enfant faisant le marathon de new York il courre toute la journée dans la maison. il ny à pas de micro ondes. le four ne fonctionnait pas.il nous à promis  de le réparer rien à été fait. la deuxième chambre ressemble plus a un débarras. les affaires du proprio dont valises etc... y sont. il annonce 3 télé alors que cest uniquement celle du salon qui fonctionne. vaisselle manquante. seul bon point emplacement et sécurité du bâtiment. sinon après un bon nettoyage appartement ayant beaucoup datout. a en prendre soin  Una casa muy acogedora en una zona muy tranquila. Muy bien situada, cerca del metro. Gesner nos a tratado muy bien. Para repetir, sin duda. apartment in a nice house. protected area. Gesner was very friendly. No insects had not noticed. Nice flat, Gesner is very friendly he show us everything and the fridge was full of water, pepsi an everything!  A 24 door man so the flat is safe, but the neighboorhood an people there are very nice.  Subway to Manhatten is very close to walk so  about 5 minutes.  Our stay there was verey grate. To say briefly, everything was perfect, and you are idiot if you don t choose this house. He welcomed us first then introduced everything in the house in detail, and responded every single of my question with kindness. Oh and the house was exactly same as the listed pictures, which was awesome.     Additionally, one amazing thing we experienced was the 24 door man service. He literally took care of us when we needed help, so we could stay there super safe. He was watching me when I was getting my pizza delivery XD.  But the town wasn t looked dangerous at all. There were still many people walking around until late night, so we also could strolling around the town, so no worries about ur safety.    2 Subway stations were located in 5 and 7 min distance respectively, and 3 markets were also located in 5~10 min distances, which were so convenient We enjoyed our stay in the apartment. The location was very nice. The doormen were friendly and helpful. The apartment was clean and supplied with almost everything we needed. Mr. Gesner allowed us to check in much earlier than normal letting us in at 11:00am vs. 4:00pm which was absolutely wonderful. He gave advice on getting around which was very helpful. The beds were very comfortable and the neighborhood was quiet with friendly neighbors. I would recommend the apartment to those looking to stay in a well priced yet comfortable clean apartment. So much better than staying in a hotel.  Gesner war sehr freundlich und unkompliziert. Als wir ankamen - wir hatten uns über Telefon vor dem Haus verabredet - hat er uns Haus und Wohnung erklärt. Und was so in der Nachbarschaft ist: Restaurants, Supermarkt, Imbiss: alles nicht weit und meist nur einen Block entfernt. Auch zur U-Bahn sind es nur wenige Minuten. Mit der 2 oder 5 ist man in einer halben Stunde in Manhattan. Die Gegend ist sicher und eher ruhig (Haus ist in einer Nebenstraße) - diese Versicherung von Gesner trifft meiner Erfahrung nach zu. Viele Familien wohnen in der Gegend, die Leute sind freundlich. So waren auch die Bewohner des Hauses, die wir in Flur oder Fahrstuhl trafen.  Die Wohnung entsprach den Erwartungen und der Beschreibung - das Haus ist nicht neu - es ist wohl aus den Sechziger Jahren - und damit auch die Wohnung nicht. Zwei Zimmer, helle Küche, Bad, Wohn-Esszimmer. Alles ok. Wir haben uns wohl gefühlt - wir waren 7 Nächte dort.  Safe neighbourhood.   The apartment was the same as in the description. This was my first time using airbnb and Gesner made it a great experience. He went above and beyond to accommodate me. The apartment was very cozy and made me feel like I was at home. Thanks to Gesner this will not be my last time using airbnb. Brooklyn was a great place to stay and you are close to great eats an local transportation! Nous avons passé un très bon moment dans cet appartement de Brooklyn. Il est situé à 2 blocs de la ligne 2 qui mène tout droit sur Manhattan (quartier des affaires, time square, central park, ...). Limmeuble est bien sécurisé et Gesner est très agréable et arrangeant.  Merci bien à toi et bonne continuation Ja , hij heeft ons opgehaald [als een taxi met taxi prijs] van Newark vliegveld en ons onderweg wat tips gegeven , de sleutels gegeven en in het app. lagen enkele NY folders en een kaartje om te gebruiken voor de wasmachine , die elders staat , indien nodig . Een groot app. maar de indeling begrijpen we niet , dwz de zitkamer zonder 1 enkel raam/zicht naar (Website hidden by Airbnb) grootste slaapkamer, erg groot , had beter zitkamer kunnen zijn , met ramen . De wc , te laag en spoelt te hard , met alle gevolgen van dien , soms . Er ontbreken gordijnen in 1 slaapkamer , alleen luxaflex , maar dat is veel te licht , waardoor de slaper[s] om kwart over 5 al wakker werd[en] .  Heel stil en rustig vonden we de buurt niet , aan de overkant werd gebouwd en zeer regelmatig de sirene van ambulance/politie .  Het app. was zeer goed uitgerust met servies, bestek ,pannen en  handdoeken , geen theedoeken .Douche prima . Goede ligging tov winkels en metro naar Manhattan . De fotos geven een veel mooier beeld dan de werkelijkheid dwz veel deuren , drempels , plinten , vw , badkamer die meerdere keren even over geschilderd waren , daardoor ziet het er armoedig uit , dat zie je op de fotos niet.  Als John langer zijn app. wil verhuren ligt er nog wel wat werk om het er beter uit te laten zien : Alles afkrabben en helemaal opnieuw [laten] schilderen . Meubels ,bedden en wifi prima . Dus ja ,  enkele negatieve en zeker ook een aantal positieve dingen .  Aangezien er net een nieuwe fles wijn opgemaakt was voor 1 glas , hoop ik dat John  de rest zelf met genoegen opgedronken heeft !?  Wordt dit doorgestuurd in het engels naar John ? Zo niet ? dan zal ik hem ook nog even een mailtje sturen . Wij hadden een super geweldige tijd in NY en hebben [bijna] alles gedaan op Ellis-, Coney Island en het eten van een pizza na. mvg  Angeline ,Willem en Joris .   The apt was as advertised and discussed in emails concerning parking etc. For the cost of New York the price is very affordable and we had a great time. I admit when first arriving my guests were a little skirmish however everyone calmed down and we enjoyed our stay. The subway is walking distance and four blocks going right and three blocks going left. We learned to get around eve though there were some challenges. A nice location but I recommend no driving to get around or parking at the apt.   Juat a five minutes walk from the subway station away.   We met Gesner  in front of the house,  he explained us every thing and the surrounding.   The place is quiet and safe.  The doorman does a good job - so  he helped us to get a taxi in the early Sunday morning.   The kitchen is suitable,  the beds comfortable. Gesners apartment is a good place to stay for visiting NYC. Très bien situé pour aller à Manhattan rapidement dans un quartier multi-culturel très sympathique. Le restaurant buffet jamaïcain est très pratique pour le petit déjeuner ou plus. The host was great, quick responses, easy to coordinate and very helpful.     The location is really convenient, 2 metrostops in close walking distance and the neighborhood was a great change to Manhattan. There are many small and bigger stores around with great fresh fruits and all kinds of groceries.     Since we stayed 10 days, Gesner left us spare towels and sheets and all kinds of toiletries, which was really nice.     The apartment looks just like on the pictures and was cozy; not meticulously clean but very tidy. I would totally go again!!      Bon emplacement pour visiter New York Gesner war sehr zuvorkommend, ist extra abends nochmal zu uns gefahren, da wir Probleme mit den Schlüsseln hatten. Wir konnten auch jederzeit per Telefon oder Mail mit ihm kommunizieren und bekamen gute Tips für unseren Aufenthalt in New York. Gesner was very friendly and anwsered all our questions. Nice, large flat! Host was nice. Apartment was okay overall. The only thing was the construction across the street so there was no way to sleep in. Neighborhood was great. Enjoyed walking around and taking in Brooklyn.  Appartement à fuir...  Hôte sympathique mais qui ne se rend pas compte de la saleté et du manque dhygiène de son appartement...   Rongeurs et cafards dans lappartement. Et si vous avez déjà réservé, je vous conseille vivement dannuler. Nous avions, avant notre départ, vu certains commentaires en ce sens mais lhôte ma dit que cétait faux, que tout était propre, quil ny avait pas de cafards mais cest normal vu quil ne vit pas dans lappartement. Il ne peut le savoir quen vivant dedans.   Le ménage était très mal fait (poussières partout dans le logement), fils qui pendent de partout, trous dans le sol où les rongeurs passent, trous dans la cuisine et dans les fenêtres (où il y aurait du avoir une clim, quil ny a pas).   Je ne recommande pas non plus le quartier qui est pour moi assez éloigné du centre (30 - 40 min), ce qui rend les trajets assez longs entre le temps dattente et le temps de transport (facilement 1h / voir 1h30)  De plus, si vous cherchez un quartier résidentiel, je vous conseille daller ailleurs. Certes, on se sent en sécurité mais ce nest pas un quartier touristique ou dans lequel vous prendrez plaisir à vous balader. Lhygiène dans les restaurants aux alentours est plutôt moyen (cafards et rongeurs) et les produits frais proposés dans les supermarchés ninspirent pas confiance.   Je ne conseille donc ni le quartier ni lappartement ! Même si le prix est très attractif, fuyez. Ou alors nayez pas peur des rongeurs et cafards...  Wir hatten einen tollen Aufenthalt in New York! Trotz anfänglicher Skepsis wurden wir positiv überrascht. Das Apartment ist dem New Yorker Standard entsprechend und hat alles was man braucht. Leider hatten wir jedoch einige Male Pech mit der Verbindung nach Manhattan. 30 bis zu 60 Minuten dauerte unsere Bahnfahrt, aber für den geringen Apartment Preis kann man es denke ich in Kauf nehmen. Gesner war stets zu erreichen und kümmerte sich um alles sehr rasch. Ein super Gastgeber! Das Apartment bietet ein gutes Preis - Leistungsverhältnis! Our host was helpful and quick to communicate with. However the apartment was not very clean and toilet seat was broken. The area is ok but you need to have your wits about you.   The subway is very close and lots of shops and places to eat out, all in walking distance which is very convenient.  Gesner foi um ótimo anfitrião, nos recebeu no apartamento para entrega das chaves - mesmo nosso voo tendo chegado bem tarde e esteve disponível por mensagem. Nos apresentou o apartamento e nos falou sobre a vizinhança. O apartamento é exatamente como no anúncio, muito espaçoso e bastante confortável. A localização é tranquila, bem próxima de estações de metrô que vão para Manhattan ou outras regiões do Brooklyn, ótimo supermercado bem perto do apartamento (Keyfood Supermarket) e vários restaurantes, além do Prospect Park. Nossa experiência foi muito satisfatória, recomendo bastante! :) Although the listing is rather accurate, definitely do your research in regards to the area and proximity of what youd like to experience in NYC.  And trust your instincts!  After one night, we decided it wasnt going to work for us and decided to move to a hotel in the city, although Gesner offers a ""flexible"" cancellation and alteration policy, I was disappointed when we were unable to receive an approval for our change in accommodations! We stayed one night, offered to pay for the second night and were charged for the entire 5 night stay.  Again, just trust your instincts! This apartment is in a great location. Surrounded by restaurants, 5 minute walk to the subway station. Gender met us outside the gated complex, was very helpful about what to do in the area and in NYC. The apartment was quiet, had everything that we needed and great value.  Hi Gesner, thank you for your flat and your help for being in New York. The flat is perfect for staying in NY. Between three metro stations, nearly 20-30 minutes to Manhatten - a short way, a lot of supermarkets close to the flat, bakery, pharmacy, etc! The flat is clean, the kitchen has all you need (coffee maker, oven, mixer/shaker, fridge, dishes, etc.), you have a possibility for clean your clothes, music, television, dvd-player, everything. If you have questions, Gesner will help you and is there. We felt very comfortable. Thank you!   Nos sentimos muy comodas por la comunicacion fluida con Gesner. El barrio es muy lindo y seguro,  la parada de subte esta cerca y los negocios mas necesarios tambien.  Its a good location - very close to the subway and in a quiet residential block. It felt safe and friendly. There are loads of food shops and restaurants nearby. The apartment is a good size and sleeps four comfortably. It is a bit dated in terms of its furnishings and some of the fixtures and fittings are a bit shabby, but we were comfortable enough and had a great time in NYC.  Very comfortable for a long stay, theres not too many places to go out to dine nearby.  we stayed here for 1 month with 3 of us. its an awesome place and in a great spot. the apartment is very spacious and has a great home feel. the neighbourhood is awesome and the subway to get into manhattan is only 5 min walk. heaps of awesome chinese/jamaican/pizza places close that is really cheap. definately a safe area. and a great central spot to be able to explore brooklyn. gesner was very welcoming and helpful when we got there....he also was very accessible to contact when we had queries Great location close to my family  El departamento es tal cual aparece en la publicación, pero dada la antiguedad del mismo, creo que deberían efectuarse tareas de mantenimiento. Apartment is in an older building, so it is not perfect.  Gesner was very responsive and helpful even when we had a power outage one night.   The neighborhood is diverse with high Caribbean population. Jamaican cafes, great Caribbean bakery and market one block away.  Subway close by, but with only a local train so it is a long trip into the city. Felt safe walking home even late at night. Close enough to walk to Prospect Park and the Brooklyn Museum.  Laundry room on the same floor in the building. A great value for a two bedroom apartment.  Quiet at night, but construction across the street made it a bit noisy during the day. The Appartment was exactly as described, near to the Appartment you have a lot of opportunities to get something to eat. The host is really friendly he will make sure that you have a good time at his place. Had a good stay. Came here for business and the place was well-suited for what we needed. Pretty easy walk to public transit, right next to a grocery store, reasonably safe area.  There is construction on a new building across the street that can be noisy in the morning, but it didnt really bother us any. Gesners apartment is spacious and accommodating (we were three people with lots of luggage, film equipment, and provisions, but never felt cramped). Gesner is also a really great host. His communication skills are strong and his replies are always timely. We ended up booking with him because of some miscommunication difficulties with another host, and when our other place dematerialized, Gesner was so flexible and able to accommodate our changes of dates without any difficulty. We really appreciated the space, enjoyed the neighborhood, and look forward to future stays! Thanks Gesner for being such a wonderful host! Thanks to Gesner for being a great host. My mother and cousins stayed at his home during a recent visit to NYC, as my place is too small. The apartment is in a gated, doorman apartment blocks away from the train, hospitals, food, etc. Its very well maintained and comfortable. He was very attentive and accommodating. Will certainly use again. Gesner was an amazing host. He was so helpful & quick to respond when we got in touch. Nothing was too much hassle.   The apartment is exactly what we expected & was brilliant value for money.   Beds were comfortable (I do prefer a firm mattress) & the air con was a god send (you need to leave it on for a while for it to cool all of the apartment as its a big apartment). The shower was a good pressure & easy to use too.  There is a construction site opposite, but it didnt disturb my sleep. My friend & I were up early most mornings to go sight seeing anyway.   The apartment is approximately a 5 minute walk to the subway &  is situated in a very friendly, welcoming neighbourhood.  Thank you again Gesner for everything. All the best, Joel Great place, clean and spacious with many great amenities included. Stayed here while on a rotation at Downstate/Kings County Hospital which were a block away, making it very convenient. Having a gated building with a security guard was also wonderful. Gesner was very responsive and helpful with any issues that came up! Die Wohnung ist für New York sehr günstig. Deshalb kann man nicht viel erwarten. Leider war es für meinen Geschmack zu schmutzig und verwohnt. Ich würde sie nicht noch einmal buchen. Der Vermieter war sehr bemüht und auch verlässlich. Die Fahrt nach Manhattan dauert aber das haben wir auch genossen um die New Yorker kennen zu lernen. Die besten Baggels gab es um die Ecke und den Kaffee dazu. Es ist alles viel günstiger in Brooklyn und es ist eine Reise wert. Insbesonders wenn man nicht nur die 5the Avenue erleben will. Gesner was a great host. Location was close to the subway and food options were plenty. Would stay again. Ubytování cenově příznivé, bezpečné, metro poblíž bytu, nákupní možnosti (potraviny) asi 300m. We stayed at Gesners place in Brooklyn. When we arrived from the airport, he was understanding and worked with our timing. He was there when we got to the place.  The place itself is an apartment in a gated complex. There is a security guard at the gate and you need keys to get in. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor. The complex has elevators so it was extremely easy for my family, who were a bit older. The area is pretty good, with many food places nearby. It was about 3 minutes walk to a bus stop, or about 7 minutes walk to the 2 or 5 trains. The apartment was not very glamorous, not like a hotel, but we were happy with it. The amenities were provided and it was comfortable. It suited our needs perfectly for the week we were there. I would definitely stay there again if i had the chance. Gesners apartment is a nice option to stay on Brooklyn. Its near the subway station and has some markets near by. The building has private security 24 by 7.  Gesner meet us in front of the building and showed to us the apartment and Gave us some adicional info about NY and the neighborood, Very helpful all the time.  I ceartnly would stay again at his apartment next time we plan to visit NY The host canceled this reservation 39 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Good location, good host, however the apartment isnt as clean as stated, the apartment is very noisy, the bathroom doesnt have a great odour, and the oven did not work Great stay, no frills and just like the photos! Only 2 blocks from the subway :) The apartment is well located 30 minutes far from the center. It has everything you need and there are plenty of supermarkets around. Gesner is so helpful and nice. We had a great time in there. Gesner was a great host. We did not have any problems. The apartment was spacious, the kitchen and bathroom had everything you need. Value for money is beautiful. Gesner was a great host. Really reachable and easy going. He had no problems with us checking in late at night. As for the apartment, it’s cozy and spacious, the main room in which I stayed was big and bright. The neighborhood is quite safe, the nearest subway station is 5 mins walking. My overall experience was great. I’d definitely stay again."	0
586	Liangs place was amazing, a perfect location for a first trip to NYC. The apartment was great, very comfy, light and spacious. It was very easy to get to all of the tourist spots, with a metro right outside. She was brilliant at responding to any questions, even though she was on a different continent, thank you so much for letting us enjoy your apartment, I want to go back already!!  Liangs place was awesome. Checking in was easy and she was quite accommodating with allowing me to drop off my bags a bit earlier. The room was clean, bed was comfortable and spacious. The location was great and accessible to a ton of transit. Super convenient and would definitely recommend anyone to stay here if theyre here for a short trip or a longer one! I stayed for two weeks and by the end of the trip, it felt like I lived there and didnt want to leave. Thanks again! We had a good stay in the apartment of Liang. The room is small but nice. Its quiet because its at the backside of the building, but dont expect a view.   You stay in Liangs own room, so she is not there when you arrive and during your stay. But you can easily get the keys from a keycafe and you can reach Liang very well by messages. You share the apartment with her roommate but we havent seen her much.  Liangs place was great! There are plenty of restaurants, convenience stores and transportation close by. The L train is literally outside your door making getting around the city very easy. Checking in was painless and Liang was very accommodating and checked in with us to make sure we were having a pleasant stay. Would definitely stay with her again!  I had a wonderful time at Liangs apartment.  Centrally located in East Village and close to everything.  The room was large and very clean.  She had a very friendly roommate.  I highly recommend this place. Liang was amazing from the 1st day I booked her room to even checking up on us during our trip! This being my 1st Airbnb stay I had a lot of questions and Liang answered each one and had great communication throughout the whole process. Her apartment was so close to Union Square that we were able to get everywhere using the subway. Her room was beautiful, the bed was very comfy, and we definitely loved the ac on those hot & humid nights. Liang’s roommate Kristen was very nice as well, although we didn’t have much interaction as we were out all day and wouldn’t come back till late night. Overall everything was 5 stars and we would definitely recommend her to anyone looking for a great area, value, and convenience in their stay! Liangs place was great. Stayed there for 10 nights. It was a good location (Near Union Square) and an easy walk to many places if you werent too keen on the Subway. Her room itself and the apartment was clean and everything worked well! Theres definitely not a lot of space but was big enough for me and I was very comfortable! The air conditioning was amazing to have on crazy hot summer days. It is a 4th floor walk up so be prepared to get your luggage up and down those flights of stairs. Check in and out were pretty easy and Liang was super helpful the whole time despite not being there (:    Liang made our transition to the apartment very smooth from the moment that we booked with active email communication.  Picking up and dropping off the keys couldnt have been easier. The room suited our needs very well for the week we were in New York and the pics are representative of the room. Liangs roommate also was very helpful and friendly during our stay.  King as a nice host. It was our first trip with Airbnb and it was awesome.   She wasnt in New York during our stay but it was never a problem to contact her via (Hidden by Airbnb) or mail.   The room is pretty nice as well as her flatmate :)  Thanks for the flowers and the nice experience Liang. :)  Greetings Stephanie and Stefan  Liangs apartment is strategically located in the heart of the East Village, a block from Union Square, and the NY underground scene is just a stone from you. Also, the tube is at 10mt from the building entrance. And we loved the fire escape on the balcony room. Although Liang was not in New York during our time there, she was totally supportive and provided us with anything we needed. Totally recommended! Liang was a great host, I didnt get to meet her in person but she was very responsive to messages through Airbnb app. Liangs roommate was also very welcoming! The apartment was beautiful just like the photos, conveniently located near public transit and lots of good places to eat! I would love to stay here again the next time Im visiting New York! We had a super comfortable stay in Liangs flat at the perfect Manhattan location! Communication with Liang was first-rate as was meeting Liangs roommate, Kristin. Highly recommended. Thanks Liang and Kristin! Liang la anfitriona no estaba, el departamento en un 4 piso con escalera, era un poco cansador despues de caminar todo el dia, tiene el metro en la esquina, la roomate muy simpatica Excelente ubicación! Nuestra estancia fue cómoda.  Liang fue muy atenta para que nuestra estadia fuera buena. Lo recomiendo ampliamente.	1
587	"I stayed a week in Vickies lovely New York apartment with my daughter and her friend. There was plenty of room for the 3 of us. Vickie was a fantastic host and went way beyond what was required of her. The apartment was beautifully presented and nice and clean. Its in an amazing location right next to Little Italy and we just loved our stay there. I have no hesitation in recommending this home to others. Vicki was an excellent host and made my last night in NYC so special. She was extremely responsive and generous, and the apartment was clean, inviting and in the most ideal location. My friends and I had a perfect time! Everything about the location of this spot and the host herself was perfect . Vicki went above and beyond to accommodate all of our needs, consistently keeping in contact with us whenever we needed local advice - and giving us a laundry list of things to do and sights to see.     The dinning and drinking holes in the location were both fun and affordable, I highly recommend this spot, big time.    Oh, and the free bottle of complementary wine Vicki laid out for us upon arrival was a nice touch as well! We had a wonderful stay at Vicki’s apartment.  The apartment was as it was described, and Vicki was a brilliant host.  She even made an extra set of keys for us.    Thank you so much for letting us stay at your place.  We had a great time.   Our experience with Vicki and her apartment was wonderful! She checked in to make sure we knew our way around the area and sent a video of the building so we knew what it looked like. The apartment itself is adorable, with a ton of interesting art and decoration. Very comfortable. 4 of us slept there easily (2 to a bed). The location is fantastic as well. Very close to restaurants and shops. Vicki even left us a welcome bottle of wine - very much appreciated! The host canceled this reservation 9 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 27 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great location, such a fantastic neighbourhood. Vicki made sure I had all the information I needed before I set off, checked in on my while I was there & gave some wonderful recommendations. The apartment has huge amounts of character, too.   I would strongly recommend her & the apartment to friends.  The host canceled this reservation 7 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 127 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. A great, personal welcome (despite the fact I was myself late!) and everything I needed in the apartment. Always on call to help with issues or questions. Our stay at Vickys apartment was wonderful! It was clean and fully stocked for us. The location was perfect, in Nolita close to SOHO and LES. Her friend David came to let us in because she was out town and David was awesome. He brought us the best cookies in the world as a welcome gift and stayed with us until we squeezed every last drop of info he had about things to do in the neighborhood. He also checked in with us a couple times during our stay, he was so nice. I highly recommend staying here. One thing to note tho, ladies- there is no full length mirror in the house so you have to get creative ;) The location was absolutely fantastic - in walking distance to so many cafes, shops and other neighbourhoods. The apartment is exactly how it is described and shown in the pictures. We had a problem with a leak when we arrived and Vicky fixed it immediately which was very much appreciated. Was nice to have a bit of extra space as well.  Great location. From the apartment, you can reach the nicest places in Little Italy, SoHo and the Village by foot. The bedroom window has an amazing view at the Empire State Building. Communication was easy, so were check-in and check-out. It was a very nice experience. Great apartment in a great neighbourhood. The perfect base for exploring lower Manhattan and only a short walk/subway ride to all the best places in NYC. I stayed 6 nights in Vickis apartment with my boyfriend. The location of the apartment is great. Neighborhood is very cozy and there is a lot of nice restaurants and cute shops. Subway is close and moving around the city from this location is easy. Apartment itself was nice and well decorated, but I wouldnt describe it as ""huge"", which was in the title of the apartment when we stayed there. However, it is nice to have a separate bedroom. At least at the time of our booking description also said that Vicki would call everyone personally and each guest would have chocolate on their pillow and there would be welcoming wine bottle. That did not happen. She sent though a guide to apartment and neighborhood via Airbnb,  and she checked on the second day that everything was ok by sending a message. Not quite what was in description, but okay. She was also sometimes bit hard to reach. There was also a construction site across the street which was not mentioned in the description - I would have liked to know that before hand. Nice, clean apartment at a strategic location in Manhattan and with quick access to Brooklyn, easily big enough for 2 people. Communication and logistics were all good! Definitely recommended for (extended) city trips Vickis apartment was lovely, and she was communicative, friendly, and provided loads of useful recommendations in the neighborhood. The location was ideal -- an easy commute to work, and lots of great food, shopping, &c. in the area. The apartment was quiet and very clean. Would definitely recommend!"	0
588	"Patrick was an amazing host, super friendly. He made us tea when we arrived and recommended some really cool hip spots to check out in the area (restaurants, shops, bars). The location of his place was perfect for us, right in chinatown with anything you could possibly need within walking distance(food, shops, transportation, ect). We where really close to a subway entrance and SOHO and some other cool parts of NYC. His place was also decorated really cool, I would definitely stay there again the next time Im in NY! Patricks place is great because:    It is centrally located with the Lower East Side, Soho, Tribeca, City Hall, etc all close at hand. I didnt even have to get on the subway during my trip. Plus you are smack dack in the middle of Chinatown, with some delicious soup dumplings at Joes Shanghai right around the corner.    The place is outfitted with a ton of really interesting art and decor (plus an amazing sound system). It was fun to wake up and have the album covers from DJ Kool ""Let me Clear My Throat"", David Bowies Labrinth, and Bobby Brown in his mock turtleneck staring down at me.    We had a late train, and didnt finally pick up our bags to take off the day we left until 3pm or so. Patrick was totally cool about the ""late check out"", which I so appreciated.    Be aware:   The place is right smack dab in the middle of Chinatown... SO, be prepared to fight the crowds a bit to get down the block.     The apartment is very warmy, the decoration is awesome and the location even better. Patrick is cool and a great host. He knows a lot of great places to eat and to hang out. If youre looking for a special experience this is the place!! My friend and I had a great time staying at Patricks apartment for 2 weeks over Christmas and New Years Eve. The apartment was the perfect size for us, and there was empty closet and shelf space so we could hang up our clothes and not live out of a suitcase. As you can see from the photos - the apartment is beautifully decorated and a fun place to live with huge speakers you can plug your iPod in.     The apartment is in an ideal and convenient location. Canal street (with a lot of subway lines) is right on the corner and great shopping in Soho is a 5-10min walk away. Despite being in the middle of it all - the street isnt busy (not sure what the review below was referring to?) We stayed in NY at arguably the busiest time of year and had no problem - intact we loved getting back to Mott street where it was significantly quieter. The food around Chinatown is great too!      Patrick was a great host - recommending cool places to eat and go out that were all in the local area. He was super friendly when we arrived, (gave us tea too) and he was especially understanding when we missed our bus on the last day and we asked to stay another night on such short notice and it wasnt a problem at all. He is very accommodating and helpful. There was a small issue with the hot water the first couple of days, but he got it fixed ASAP (even though it was 2 days before christmas) - only mentioning this to let you know that Patrick is very on top of it all and goes out of his way to make sure everything is going well.     Overall we had an awesome time and we highly recommend this apartment if you plan to go to New York. We would definitely stay again! Amazing place! this is definitely the real ""appartement Newyorkais""! the host is cool and u can ask for everything u want! everything is in walking distance so we never need to take a cab! what a wonderful trip i had, i felt like at home! thank u Patrick Funky little place within ealking distance of dome the NYC neighborhoods..Little Italy, Nolita, Soho.  Patricks apartment is great--the bed was comfortable, the heat worked well, it was great to use his sound system, and its definitely spacious and fun enough to just chill in the apartment for a few hours when youre tired from your adventures in the city. Great location in Chinatown, next to delicious and cheap restaurants/cafés/movie theaters, close to nearly every subway line, and a nice walk to the West Village. If youre sensitive to smells, I can see Chinatown in the summer being sort of difficult, but the smell wasnt a problem in the winter like some people claim it to be.    The apartment itself was great and Patrick has a really friendly and accommodating personality (he even made to sets of keys for us). I feel like our experience might be an exception because I didnt read anything like this in other reviews, but the downside was that for our first two days a woman kept ringing our doorbell to ask where Patrick was. She was trying to get a hold of him because he owed her money. After telling Patrick, we didnt get any more rings, but it wasnt ideal to feel like we were in the middle of something. Patrick asked to stop by the apartment to look for a few things while we were out on our adventures. He was really respectful and never came while we were there, but especially after having some strange woman ringing our door worried about money, I wasnt completely comfortable with having someone in and out of the apartment while we were renting it.     In the end, it all worked out and the apartment was great. I think the particular situation just left us a little uneasy at certain moments. Patricks place was great! It is truly walking distance to anywhere you need to go; close to a bunch of subways, Little Italy, Soho, LES.  Patrick is very responsive to questions about his place or the city...the responsiveness is very comforting when youre in town for a short trip and want to get in as much as you can. Hes also very accommodating/flexible with special requests which is a definite added bonus. Id definitely stay again!  patrick was flexible and easy to communicate with, we had a great experience. We really enjoyed staying in Patricks apartment, it really fitted the description. Everything was actually in walking distance. The apartment itself is a really relaxed and nicely decorated place, perfect to chill out a bit form busy Manhattan. At night the street and neighbours are quiet so no earplugs needed. The bed was comfortable. And so on. There are many places nearby to have great food from all over the world. Everything as promised, we would definitely stay there again. Patrick is very knowledgeable of the area and has some great recommendations for local eateries and neighborhood amenities.  The location, as the heading to his ad says, is close to everything and immerses you in the flavor and the fabric of the city. We did have a few issues getting the key and had some overlap with the previous guests, but Patrick handled it very well and it all ended up OK in the end. We highly recommend the Chinese bakery that is just downstairs from the apartment - its a great place to grab some fresh baked goods and have breakfast.    Overall, we had a very pleasant stay and would stay there again. Un appatement trsè sympa en plien de coeur de Chinatown.    Une déco made in US qui nous plong dans la super ambiance newyorkaise !    Un vrai bon plan pour ceux qui veulent découvrir New York !    Merci Patrick Appartement très bien situé tres bon séjour à NYC! Great location! Cannot be beat for superior location right in the heart of Chinatown and literally around the corner from Canal St. The neighbourhood gets busy during the day but is pleasant enough in the evenings.  Plenty of communication, some would consider too much perhaps. Between Patrick, his sister and his girlfriend emailing and messaging us, we were bewildered with the exchange of emails to organise a spare mattress for a guest I mentioned in advance would be arriving during our stay. Overall though, everyone was quite prompt with responding to our queries and attended to our needs.  How about the lack of cleanliness? The place could really do with a good clean. We found little ""dust bunnies"" hanging around every corner. We arrived early in the morning and found a pile of wet towels and sheets in a corner. We cleaned out of our own pocket and was promised to be reimbursed... I left receipts showing costs and we have been left waiting. Nice place in a great location to walk to a number of awesome places to eat, drink and be merry. Place is secure, quiet (even in the din of Chinatown) and avoids the smells of the street as well. In the summer heat the cooling and fans coped well, though the shower had some troubles draining at times. Nice kitchen with quality cookware and was great to have quality sounds coming from speakers like that of home. Lappartement est très sympa et cool, tout comme Patrick même si on la peu vu, ce qui ne la pas empêché dassurer chaque fois quon en a eu besoin. De plus, cela ne lui a pas posé de problème quon laisse nos bagages lors de notre dernière journée et on a grandement apprécié quil nous appelle un taxi lors de notre départ.  Lappartement est de plus idéalement situé pour tous ceux qui aiment marcher, et toutes les lignes de métro se trouvent sur Canal Street, à langle de la rue. Petit bonus, lEast River, avec vue imprenable sur les ponts de Manhattan et Brooklyn, est à moins de 10 minutes de lappart.  Le quartier est très vivant et on sy sent bien .... bref, on ne regrette vraiment pas davoir choisi cet appartement.    We had a wonderful stay at Patricks flat. Its placed close to the subway and you can reach anywhere in the city in just 30 minutes. I recommend you the flat if its your first time in NY and you want to experience how its like to be a New Yorker. We stayed at Patricks apartment for seven days this October and had a great time. The location is unbeatable with an amazing Chinese bakery just downstairs and many subway lines within a five minute walk. Its a fun and safe area to walk around and explore and there are tons of restaurants and grocery options nearby. Even on busy days and nights the apartment itself is very quiet. We loved sitting out on the fire escape and watching people go by!  The apartment is in a very secure building and Patrick has done a lot of work to make it a vintage New York experience on the inside :) the exposed brick and collection of vintage materials and artwork really made it a cool place to live. The sound system he provides made watching a movie awesome. The apartment has everything you need to cook meals for yourself and has space to relax and entertain yourself after a day out on the town.  The bed is super comfortable as well.  Patrick went out of his way to provide us with a cell phone for local calls and emergencies during our stay.  He really made us feel comfortable and gave us many great ideas for restaurants and places not to miss. It was a pleasure to meet him, and we would stay here again in a heartbeat. Was really happy with location of Patricks apartment. we loved being close to everything and indulged in many dumplings while we were in the china town area.   He was at the apartment when we got there as was still cleaning. He only had time to change the sheets from teh previous guests so then came back the following day to clean the rest of the apartment.  The bed was really comfy and the place was quiter insdie than i wouldve thought, being so close to canal.  It was great to have hanging space for our clothes also.  Patricks place was really charming and in a great location. Everything we needed – we got. Patrick was very helpful, flexible and easy to get in contact with. He didnt hesitate to give his best recommendations for restaurants etc. I definitely recommend staying here. Patrick was an amazing host! The apartment was incredibly cool and truly is within walking distance of everything youll need. I would definitely stay here again on our next trip to NYC! - very reactive and helpful ""Landlord"" - Patrick was available for us at every time !!!  - Great location  - A lot of facilities  - Spacious and original appartment !  - Could be cleaner .... We had the best experience ever. The apartment has soul and it looks even better than in the pics. Ive never been this satisfied throughout my airbnb experience. Patrick was a great host, he even gave us a US cell phone so we could get in touch with him at any time. What can I say about the location? This is definitely as good as it gets. Plus, its a 1 floor walkup, which is REALLY hard to find if you intend to spend some time in Manhattan. The apartment was SUPER clean, and everything worked perfectly. Patrick also left a bottle of good wine and some recommendations written down as a welcoming treat.    This will definitely be my choice (hoping itll be available) for every visit to NYC. If you are considering, Dont doubt it: THIS IS THE ONE. Patrick was AWESOME!!!     I had booked another place and it got cancelled at the last minute... And Patrick saved my trip!     He was really helpful, his place was really cool and clean!     The locations GREAT! And its VERY convenient to have only one flight of stairs up - trust me!    I highly recommend it and would definitely stay there again!!! The apartment was as shown in the photos and described in the narrative. As others have commented, one of the best things is the location - very good access to subway lines which can take you anywhere in New York. Lower East Side, Soho and the Financial District are all easily walkable too. The local area has a lot of good Chinese and Italian restaurants, bakeries and other shops.    Patrick himself was a very communicative and attentive host and offered to help with any recommendations/reservations.    Overall, it felt like a very authentic first stay in New York, thanks for having us! This was a mega-cool studio apartment. Its best for two people (a couple) but its quite spacious, has a nice sound-system and is overall very comfortable. I also enjoyed being in Chinatown for a change - never stayed there before. Id like to stay there again!     Had a wonderful stay at Patricks apartment.    Right smack in the middle of Chinatown, the streetlife really allows you to be plugged into the vibe of New York City.  Yet, at night, the apartment is surprisingly quiet.  Im a light sleeper and never had any trouble getting to bed.    The apartment is also within walking distance of at least four subway stops that will take you most places in the city.  And other neighborhoods are within an easy walking distance.    As soon as you walk in, the design of the space will also make you feel right at home.  Patrick is an artistic soul and it shows in the decor.  So, if you are looking for something a little more than blank white walls, this is definitely the place for you.    Would definitely stay here again. Patrick had an awesome apartment. With bits of art and bohemia, his apartment was fun.  The area was lively but very quiet in the evenings. In the heart of Little Italy - Chinatown there was never a shortage of activities. Tons of food in that area!!   Close to many subway lines. Very close to 3 bridges to go across to Brooklyn. The Manhattan, The Williamsburgh and The Brooklyn Bridge.   When my trip was cut short, Patrick was very understanding. A great host. I would definately recommend his apartment to anyone Patricks place is just as listed; a cool apartment in the heart of Chinatown with a lot of character. If you want to feel the heartbeat of the city, Id recommend a stay. The sound system is pretty incredible too. Patricks flat was very nice apartment at the border between little Italy and Chinatown.  I could reach everything very easily, from subway, restaurants, parks or grocery shops.  The design of the flat was very unique and special for those who dont want a too boring interior.    I had a few logistics issues (keys, internet) but Patrick was very helpful in any case to help and try to solve everything.    Thanks for everything Patrick. My friends and I stayed in Patrick’s apartment for one week, and, although we never met him, he has been very helpful.  Nevertheless the apartment is quite different from the photos: during the years the number of objects collected by Patrick is increased, so it’s hard to find a free surface to put our things or to write a postcard. There is no basin in the bathroom, so we had to do the washing-up and, for example, brush the teeth in the kitchen’s sink. In the fridge we found the leftovers of the previous guests. The apartment wasn’t sufficiently clean: there was dust over the furniture and the sheets were stained. The rent is definitely too high for the service.   Patricks place was great! It was so wonderful to have a home base that was so close to everything and had so much fun character! Patrick was so responsive and available for anything we needed!  Patricks flat was nice, very well located in the center of Chinatown, close to everything. Although the street is very busy during the day, the flat is pretty quiet during the night with the exception of a couple yelling in Mandarin in the stairs which woke us up one morning (but I guess it is part of the Chinatown experience!).     Patrick was very helpful in coordinating a late check-in and communication was generally easy even though he was traveling in the middle of the desert.    The apartment was as listed and clean. There are actually more wall decoration than on the pictures, this gives the apartment a very unique deco and bohemian feeling (although it makes the flat a bit dark at times).    I would only warn on the bathroom which is extremely small and doesnt have a sink. This isnt necessarily obvious from the pictures or description.     Look: this isnt a hotel, and as long as you understand that this is a real NYC apartment with a real small bathroom, youre going to love it.  Patrick was a great host: he waited at the apartment for my late flight to arrive, and he was super-prompt about resolving the one plumbing issue I encountered during my stay.  Location is amazing, the stereo system is amazing, and the Roku made entertainment after a long night on the town a breeze.  The bed is super-comfy.  Looking forward to my next trip to NYC so I can stay here again! Patrick was a great host who was able to answer all my questions about the neighborhood including great spots for breakfast and dinner.    His place is located in Chinatown which can be an awesome experience. Tons of good food. Fun people watching. Lots of life.    True to description, the neighborhood was quiet at night. Not silent, but very quiet. I definitely not recommend this apartment!  The apartment has not been cleaned! The inter phone buzz was suspended on the wall by its wires, the kitchen was dirty, greasy... If you want to make a coffee: clean the coffee machine and a glass! Dust everywhere! Towels with holes, stains on the bed sheet, humidity stains in the bathroom and bedroom, used matches on the floor (I stepped on a staple), the window was out of its rail, no indication left to run the heating system, bathtub with human relief (X hair) - difficulty for the water to evacuate. Noise of the traffic (corner with canal street). I truly feel insulted: waiting 30 minutes in the cold (-4°) to be in such a mess!!!!  Patrick is awesome!! My boyfriend and I had not one but TWO hosts cancel on us within 24 hours of our trip to New York.  Needless to say, we were getting very nervous in the few hours leading up to our departure.  We found Patricks apartment around 11:00 p.m. the night before our 6:00 a.m. flight and sent him a ""hail mary"" message.  To our surprise, Patrick responded within minutes!! He was very understanding and went out of his way to make our last minute reservation work without any hiccups!    When we arrived in New York his apartment was clean and ready for us.  The apartment is fairly spacious by New York standards and we really enjoyed using it as our home base for the weekend.  Patrick has an awesome stereo system and was available by phone throughout the weekend for any questions we had.  The only minor issue we ran into is that the shower drain tends to clog up a bit, but Patrick had given us the heads up on that issue and once we removed the hair stopper from the drain, it wasnt really a problem.    While the apartment is definitely located in Chinatown, it was actually very quiet and really is centrally located and within easy walking distance to the subway, Little Italy, Soho, West Village, etc.  All in all we very much enjoyed ourselves and would definitely stay at Patricks place again.    Thanks to Patrick for saving our trip in the nick of time!!! Patricks place has a great location. We were a party of three and could be well accomodated. I made the reservation in the same day I checked in and everything went smoothly. Patrick is just THE BEST as a host, even though I never met him. He stayed available all the time and answered my questions quickly. On the down side, due to such a short notice, the apartment wasnt clean. It was a nightmare for me and my girlfriend since we had our allergic rhinitis triggered by such a dusty place. A maid was promised but she never went. I was promised the cleaning fee back at least. Even a coackroach was there at a certain point, but all is forgiven since Patrick was clear about the situation. The place is charming but old, the fans wouldnt work well and were very noisy, and so was the neighborhood during the day. There was a problem with the shower, which wasnt draining well, and even though there was an effort to fix it by Patrick, it was annoying during all of our stay. Finally, I have to say that despite Patrick being a great person, we wouldnt stay there again. You can find much better places with similar prices. Value for money was too low. Our experience was fine anyway. Cheers. Great place for the younger ones. Location is good, lively neighborhood. Patrick will assist you in any matter. Fantastic host. Bathroom is small, but the appartment is spacious. We had a great time in NYC. Patrick was a great host - Very speedy communication and very helpful!  His place is slap band in the middle of China town just below Canal st - its very lively and bustling but the street is quiet.  Cool flat and everything works well although the bathroom/shower is very small.  All in all a great stay!! Great place Host was not available as away,so friend let us in and gave very brief overview of (Website hidden by Airbnb) little correspondence before arrival,when there and after. Patricks charming pal Frankie met me and recommended local snackspots. The apartment was exactly as described; atmospheric, tidy, full of Patricks vinyl, and blessed with a comfortable bed. This is a great part of New York and very convenient for the subway and exploration further afield. (ES) Tras una leve confusión de hora de llegada.... el apartamento ha sido tal y como se ve en las fotos, incluso un poco mas grande.  Patrick también ha escrito para preguntar si nos falta algo o si necesitamos ayuda en algo, por lo que se nota su experiencia como anfitrión y la empatia de la gente.  La ubicacion es perfecta, ya que el apartamento queda a dos calles de una linea de metro y el sector se ve seguro.    (EN)After a slight confusion arrival time .... the apartment was as seen in the pictures, even a little bigger.  Patrick has also written to ask if we needed anything or if we need help with something, so his experience as host and empathy of people noticed.  The location is perfect, because the apartment is two blocks from a subway line and the area is safe. We enjoyed staying at Patricks apartment: its a charming studio with vintage decoration wonderfully located at the heart of Chinatown; perfect for a solo traveler or a couple (the latter being our case). We had everything we needed, including amenities such as high speed wifi and premium TV channels, and we didnt experience any kind of problems during the 8 days we spent there. A pleasant stay, I would repeat. The apt is in the heart of China Town.  Although, I visit China towns in Los Angeles, Oakland, etc.,  I never lived in China Town.  What an interesting experience.  I enjoyed myself. Excellent emplacement entre Little italy et chinatown ! Nombreuses lignes de métro à proximité. Idéal pour un premier séjour à New York. Patrick est très simpatiente et a toujours été disponible. Salle de bain très petite mais on sen accommode facilement! très bon séjour en couple globalement. "	0
589	We loved staying at Champsons appartment. The price was quite cheap comparing to others and its really in 20 minutes from Manhattan by subway. Maybe it could be more cleaner in the room, but in common staying was very nice. Thank you! Maybe gonna return in September.  Warm and friendly host! The location is good particularly if you are traveling to and from Laguardia. A localização do apartamento é excelente, a uma quadra do metrô e muito perto de um centro comercial muito bom (Queens Center). A recepção e o tratamento que recebemos foi muito boa mesmo 房间非常不错,周围环境安静,交通方便。 Convenient spot, basic facility, nice owner. There was no air con, but the fan also did the job for me, though it was quite noisy. Great host, super friendly and welcoming. House was a little dirty but all in all great experience! Had everything we needed.  I made a booking with Champson for my stay at his listing. I was really looking forward to it because I thought I found a gem among all the other listings in New York.  Location and price-wise it was a good listing. Champson himself was very quick in responding. But the positives end there.  When my husband and I checked in, we were speechless to see the apartments condition. It was dirty and was not ready for any guests to stay. The sheets were obviously used and the bed was not even a real bed (yet Champson insisted that it is).  There were trash bags on the kitchen floor and the sink was clogged up. It was just overall, really gross.  We even called Champson to ask which room was our room because it didnt look like there was any room ready for us. Only then he told us that there was a guest whom just checked out prior to us checking in. He blamed that guest for clogging the kitchen and the dirty sheets, and said that its not his responsibility to clean up after his guests.  We decided to leave and asked for a refund as the apartment didnt meet our expectations at all. We knew it was basic but we didnt expect it to be dirty. Champson then started to turn the game around saying we insisted to check in early so he couldnt clean up the place in time for us when he was the one who gave us the option to check in earlier.   I think he doesnt respect the guests enough to accommodate them; I dont think he himself would stay in that condition if given the choice. It was really disappointing to deal with him and be accused of being selfish even.  Stay here if youre really on a tight budget and have no other options. Beautiful City and excellent host!! Great apartment and location!! Definatly recomend it! The accommodation was as mentioned in description. The bed was not up to the mark but considering the price it comes with its worth it definitely and for a one night stay I have no complaints and would refer it to anyone. The host was available online and responds immediately on phone/email. I had a good experience staying at this pace and the host even allowed me to put my luggage to collect it after the check out time which really helped me to enjoy my stay in New York. Host was very kind to see me at the subway station as I lost my way due to my trouble with iphone and couldnt use it.  (If you have (Hidden by Airbnb) map, you will not miss the place. It is just a few minute walk from subway station and easy to find.)   The place is wonderful to a traveler like me who went to see US Open Tennis.  The place is  safe and very convenient to go to the Tennis stadium or Manhattan.  Food court, casual restaurants, as well as grocery stores for cooking in the kitchen, are with in a few minues walk.    We enjoyed our staying. Really close to the subway and a lot of shops near. Place safe, not to worry about. Conditions really good for the price we payed. Thank you Champson, for sure i will stay again there!! Champson was great on all accounts.  Very personable and friendly.  Good location, I feel comfortable in this apartment. Lappartement est très bien situé, tout est à proximité (métro, centre commercial..) et le quartier est plutôt bien fréquenté de jour comme de nuit. Champson est un très bon hôte, très disponible, il a pu répondre à toutes nos questions et nous a bien aidé pour que nous trouvions tout ce dont nous avions besoin. Le logement quand à lui est utile uniquement pour avoir un toit où dormir mais pas très confortable. Le chauffage (qui sallume seul) est très bruyant, la climatisation aussi.	0
590	"Its a very good apartment! Market,subway,food...everything is so easy! Its my first choice when I come back to NY again. We had an enjoyable stay in this Midtown apartment. Very clean and stayed true to the pictures included in the posting.  Very akin to staying at a hotel (soap and shampoo not included).  Though the apartment comes equipped with a full kitchen, including dishes, it lacked some cooking utensils and a microwave. We enjoyed the seclusion of both bedrooms being on opposite sides of the apartment and recommend this apartment for a convenient Midtown stay. The apartment is very spacious with 2 big bedrooms which accommodate very comfortably our party of 4. It was very clean and looked newly refurbished. Good size kitchen, just lacking a few kitchen utensils but been in NYC you eat out or get takeouts. Great location in midtown, close to main attractions in Manhattan. Great communication with the owners. It had exceeded our expectations so would definitely recommend this apartment for a nice stay in NYC! The appartment is very well located and the pictures do it justice. The furniture is brand new, and the place was very clean. We had minor issues on our arrival which were addressed very quickly by the host. I would definitely come back.  Leo and Dmitriy were very helpful, responsive and welcoming. The Apartment was exactly as portrayed, very clean and neat and in a great position.  The neighbourhood is very close to all midtown locations, there is a Citibike station on the same block and a great wine shop around the corner to the right. What more could you need? Great Apartment in great location. Very accurately described. We really enjoyed our stay. Thank you Very flexible with my moving check-in time. The location  is great unless the UN is in session. Wonderful and spacious apartment. Did not appear to be lived in full time so it was very clean and comfortable. I would use this location again.   Dmitriy是个非常好的房东,每次沟通都及时回复,给我们介绍房子周边的各种情况,在我们到达时,Dmitriy亲自下楼迎接我们。Dmitriy的房子地理位置非常好,周边生活很方便,汽车站、火车站、餐馆、超市都步行可到达。去第五大道、中央公园、帝国大厦都非常方便。房子所在社区很安全,公寓本身也有很好的安全设施。房子通透,光线好,各种设施非常新,阳台可以看到河,风景很美。总之,我们全家都满意,非常感谢Dmitriy。 We stayed at this appartment for 4 nights to visit Manhattan during our family vacation. Dmitriy provided quick, uncomplicated check-in, two well furnished brigt sleeping rooms, both with balcony and comfortable beds, big livingroom with all the needed furnishings, clean bathroom with hairdryer and towels, free Wi-Fi access. All the rooms were absoulutly clean and well maintained. Times Square can be reached by walking in about 15 min as well as the Empire State Building, a subway station is just a few blocks away and a tourist bus tour stop is located 5 minutes away.  We have enjoied our time at this place and we would rebook this appartment if we ever return to NYC again.  We can recommend this place to anyone who is looking for accomodation for up to 4 people but doesnt want to pay overpriced hotel rates. We stayed for one week at Dimitriys appt and had a great time. With two big bedrooms, one bathroom, kitchen and a small living room it is much better then most of the 4* hotels in Manhattan. Both bedrooms have a little balcony giving impressive views of the city. Appt is fully equipped, sufficient towels, even ironing board. Kitchen has everything for small dining, we did not need it, as many eating opportunities are around the corners or in close walking distance. Communications with Dimitriy was easy, check-in very punctual. I can really recommend this appt to avoid over-priced hotel rooms in Manhattan.  The apartment is just as shown in pictures. The stay was comfortable. An unbelievable condo in midtown. The condo is as big as the pictures make it seem. A great value if youre traveling with more than two people. Great location, Grand Central extremely close. Will stay again.  Nice clean and big house. D is very helpful and friendly to answer all our questions we had. We had great nights! Dmitriy was very accommodating and was always in contact with my family. Everything was clean and very well kept! Beds were comfy and kitchen area was big!  Dmitriys Unterkunft war ganz hervorragend. Sowohl die Einrichtung als auch die Lage (absolut zentral) waren genau wie abgebildet. Es hat uns an nichts gefehlt: Bettwäsche, Handtücher, Fön und sogar Toilettenpapier waren vorhanden. Einkaufsmöglichkeiten (Lebensmittel etc.) gab es direkt in der Nähe und bis zum Hauptbahnhof waren es auch nur wenige Straßen.     Uns war nicht mehr ganz klar, wie sich das mit der Endreinigung verhielt; umso glücklicher waren wir, als wir erfuhren, dass auch das geregelt war :)    Der Zugang zur Wohnung war super unkompliziert und Dmitriy selbst konnten wir jederzeit kontaktieren. (schnelle Reaktion inkl.)    Wir können Dmitriys Angebot ohne Zweifel weiterempfehlen!! Dmitriys apartment was clean, comfortable and very central. It was perfect for our weekend stay and is walking distance to some of Manhattans best attractions. When the temperatures dipped and the apartment was chilly, Dmitriy immediately responded to my message and sent instructions for how to switch on the heating system. I would recommend this place, particularly for those looking to explore New York on foot given its proximity to some of the citys most popular sites. salvando las diferencias de costumbres,  todo se desarrollo de manera correcta.  el edificio y la gente que trabaja en el fueron muy amables.  el vecindario es muy tranquilo y carente de inconvenientes.  uno se encuentra cerca de todo.  el departamento es tal cual la explicación y tiene todo lo que se indica en la misma. Just as described, very spacious, great location close to lots of shops/restaurants, really safe. Dmitriy was very quick to respond to any inquiries. Would stay here again the next time Im in the area. What a great apartment. Im from New York and a place like this is hard to find! Great service and attention, clean sheets, great wifi and some of the best sunrise views of the east side.   Definitely recommend this to anyone and would stay again! My friends and I had a great time staying at Dmitriys apartment. He was very responsive and easily accommodated our late check in. The apartment was large and more than enough for the four of us. It was close by to everything we wanted to do and less than a 10 minute walk from Grand Central. I would definitely recommend! My family and I really enjoyed staying at Dmitriys apartment. It looks just like the pictures on Airbnb. It is a great apartment, spacious, nicely furnished, great views and in a great area, convenient to all area of NYC. It was a  very clean apartment and was stocked with everything we needed. I would happily stay  there again. This was an outstanding place.  Communication was great and no problem getting the key.  Great location.  Beautiful apartment.   Nous navons pas directement eu à faire à Dmitryi mais les échanges sont restés faciles. Le propriétaire a été flexible sur nos horaires darrivée et de départ.     En revanche nous sommes tombés de haut en entrant dans lappartement. La différence entre les photos et la réalité est énorme, et le descriptif de lannonce particulièrement enjolivé voire trompeur. Les chambres se trouvent de part et dautre de lappartement (seul point positif !) qui na rien dun penthouse mais plutôt dun long couloir dans lequel se trouvent au milieu la cuisine et la salle à manger (sans fenêtres) et une chambre à chaque extrémité. Seules les chambres disposent de fenêtres et de portes transparentes par lesquelles on peut accéder à un mini-balcon (et non pas une terrasse comme cest indiqué dans lannonce). Les balcons sont partagés avec les appartements voisins. Comme il ny a aucun volet ni rideau, tout le monde peut voir ce quil se passe dans notre appartement : zéro intimité, zéro sécurité. Nous avons demandé le soir même au propriétaire de trouver une solution pour régler ce problème. Trois jours plus tard, alors que nous nétions pas à lappartement, son associé est venu chez nous sans nous prévenir et a collé des plaques de plastique sur les portes fenêtres… Non seulement cétait très laid, mais cétait aussi mal collé. Deux jours plus tard, les plaques sont tombées.     Nous sommes stupéfaits par la qualité des équipements : une poignée de porte tombe à moitié, le pommeau de douche fuit en partie et le mobilier vient de chez Ikea, donc rien à voir avec la promesse dun splendide et luxueux penthouse superbement décoré avec un mobilier haut de gamme comme cest écrit dans la description. Lappartement nest dailleurs pas au dernier étage comme pouvait le laisser présager le terme ""penthouse"". La description indique quil y a un portier à lentrée de limmeuble mais nous ne lavons jamais vu en 10 jours sur place et pour cause, il ny en a pas.     Quartier en plein travaux : nuisances sonores importantes.     Nous étions quatre dans cet appartement. Nous avions prévu de partir à NY il y a un an, nous travaillons toute l’année pour nous offrir de belles vacances et choisir un appartement que l’on considérait sublime. 4000€ de budget pour cette prestation est complètement disproportionné. A ce prix-là, nous aurions mieux fait de rajouter un peu d’argent pour aller à l’hôtel. Nous ne comprenons donc sincèrement pas tous les commentaires élogieux qu’a pu recevoir cet appartement. Ou alors, les précédents locataires ont été incités en échange d’une faveur à mettre une note positive. Ça a été notre cas puisque nous avions demandé à faire le check out à 17h et non 11h, faveur qui nous a été accordée en échange d’une note 5 étoiles !     Nous sommes passés par AirBNB à plusieurs reprises et cest la première fois quon a le sentiment de sêtre fait totalement avoir.    À part ça, notre séjour à NY était top ! Had a great 4 days staying in the apartment. It is exactly as described. Very centrally located - 10 mins walk to grand central so easy to get around. Easy to pick keys up. Would definitely stay again next time our family is in New York. La ubicación es bastante buena. El edificio es de categoría regular aunque en buen estado y bien cuidado. El departamento está muy bien en general, acorde a lo ofrecido. Interesante lay-out. Bien equipado. Limpio. Hay algunos pocos detalles a mejorar Die Wohnung sieht so aus wie auf den Fotos. Sie ist in einem guten Zustand. Es liegt 10 Minuten entfernt vom Grand Central. Es ist somit sehr zentral und dementsprechend auch sehr laut, was aber normal ist für Manhattan. Es hat Platz für 4 Personen. Für weitere Personen gibt es eine Luftmatratze oder die Coach. Einen richtigen Empfang gab es nicht, da der eigentliche Gastgeber einen Freund vorbei schickte, welcher zu spät kam und sich mit der Wohnung nicht auskannte. Die Putzfrau hat uns somit in Empfang genommen. Obwohl die Putzfrau dort war, war die Wohnung überhaupt nicht sauber.  Des Weiteren fehlten auch Bettlacken für die Luftmatratze und bei den Bettbezügen handelt es sich um bereits benutzte.  Wir haben uns anschliessend mit dem Gastgeber in Verbindung gesetzt, da wir uns so nicht wohl fühlten. Dieser versicherte uns, dass dies so schnell wie möglich erledigt wird. Er hat uns die neue Putzfrau auf den morgigen Tag versprochen. Die Putzfrau wusste dann nicht, dass sie die gesamte Wohnung putzen sollte. Sie kam lediglich wegen den Bettlacken, was bei uns für Ärger sorgte. Nachdem wir uns offiziell beschwert hatten, wurde die Wohnung schlussendlich geputzt. Ein weiterer Kritikpunkt war, dass es in der Wohnung unglaublich kalt war. Wir waren Ende April dort und konnten nicht ohne Pullover und dicken Socken herumlaufen. Die Heizung konnte nicht eingeschaltet werden. In der Nacht haben wir gefroren. Allenfalls lag hier die Schuld auch an der Verwaltung.  Zu erwähnen ist, dass der Gastgeber gut zu erreichen war.  Amplitud, lim,pieza y confort excelente Wohnung im 6. Stock in Manhattan zwischen 2. und 1. Ave, gute Lage.  2 Schlafzimmer mit Doppelbetten verbunden durch eine Kombination aus Flur / Küche / Esszimmer, ideal für 4 Personen.  Blick vom östlichen Schlafzimmer auf den East River, Blick vom westlichen Schlafzimmer in Richtung City; Lautstärke halt Manhattan, aber man ist mittendrin. Heizung ging, WLAN vorhanden, so ziemlich alles da, was wir gebraucht haben (gekocht haben wir allerdings nicht).  Kommunikation mit dem Vermieter war sehr gut, Wohnung gut zu finden, keine persönliche Übergabe erforderlich - alles selbst erklärend. Es gibt nicht wirklich etwas zu bemängeln, super Alternative zum Hotel!  Supermarkt, Restaurants, Bushaltestelle grad um die Ecke,  nächste Subway-Station Grand Central Station zu Fuß 10 Minuten, Bus Flughafentransfers ebenso. The host had great communication throughout and was always friendly and helpful. The appartment was very clean and homely and in a nice slightly quieter end of town, just what we were looking for and all within a half hour walk from the main crazy area of time square and grand central station.    La ubicació es molt bona i lapartament ha complert les expectatives que tenia.  We had a great time, and would recommend to anyone traveling with a family.   My family and I (7 of us) thoroughly enjoyed the super spacious apartment and the convenience of its location in Manhattan. Communication with Dmitriy was easy and prompt, always ready to answer any questions we had. I highly recommend this air BnB!  This has been an all around great experience. Beautiful apartment and great location in the city. Host kept wonderful communication and even when our coffee machine broke, he reimbursed us for a new one at the place. The apartment was lovely and very clean.  The bedrooms were huge with airy windows and good air-conditioning.  The kitchen was well equipped with full size appliances, pots and pans, plates, flatware, etc.  It is located in a good neighborhood a few blocks from Grand Central Station where one can get mass transit all around the city.  Taxis were easily accessible just one block away as was a 24 hour pharmacy.  A good grocery is located just two blocks away. Wir waren mit unserer knapp 2 Jahre alten Tochter für 10 Tage bei Dimitriy zu Gast. Es war alles super sauber und sehr geräumig. Jeder hat genug Platz, um seine Klamotten zu verstauen. Es ist sehr laut- klar- NYC ist immer laut, aber die Fensterdämmung ist dennoch recht bescheiden, man bekommt also alles mit. Auch die Klimaanlagen sind sehr laut- sie sind jeweils auf Höhe der Liegeposition der Betten. Aber mit Ohrstöpseln oder eben für Tiefschlafer sollte das kein Problem sein. Die Wohnung ist super gelegen. Egal ob Up- oder Downtown, man kann alles gleichermaßen gut erreichen. Großer Vorteil ist auch, dass die EASTRiver Ferry 5 Strassen weiter unten ab- und anlegt. Besteck und Teller sind überschaubar verfügbar, also wenn man etwas länger bleibt, muss man die Spülmaschine regelmäßig anschmeissen.   Dimitriy selbst haben wir leider nicht kennengelernt, er war allerdings immer gut erreichbar, wenn wir ihn brauchten und die Schlüsselübergabe verlief reibungslos mit einem Bekannten von D.     Alles in allem waren wir sehr zufrieden und danken Dimi für das zur Verfügung stellen, dieser netten Unterkunft.  Отличное расположение. Немного шумно с улицы, но чего ждать от Манхэттена... Квартира отличная, чистая и имеет две изолированные комнаты. Есть все для жизни. Ну, может только стиральной машины не хватало. Остальное - в полном порядке.  Host was nice and met us earlier than the normal check in time.  Access to building was easy and location was a pretty good neighborhood.  The apartment was clean and beds were comfy.  A gas leak in the building left us eating out for every meal which was kind of a bummer.  The biggest problem was that the building was under construction and some of the windows didnt lock, so seeing construction workers looking through the windows while youre changing wasnt pleasant :-/  there was a little fear that any street bum could have just made themselves at home if they wanted to, or could have been much worse... The associate of Dmitriy was flexible in arranging us with early check-in and late check-out. The check-in and check-out was easy. The building was under construction and some of the windows didnt lock, the curtain was quite see through, so seeing construction workers looking through the windows while youre changing was unpleasant and insecure. Some of the windows were missing, the street is noisy at night.  The bedrooms are big but the bathroom was relatively small.  There arent any washing machine and drying machine as mentioned in the description when we book.  The sofa and chairs arent as clean as what the review said. Great central location, lovely clean, comfortable and spacious apartment, our host made us feel welcome and was there to help when needed. We had a very good stay.  Dmitriys flat was perfect for our week long stay. We were four girls with four very big suitcases and it was a perfect fit. The flat is in the heart of Hells Kitchen and surrounded by delis and markets and literally a couple of blocks walk to Times Square. All major subway lines for Manhattan were within a stones throw and getting around couldnt have been easier. The apartment was very bright and comfortable and the kitchen is fully equipped with updated, full-sized appliances if you have a mind to eat in (although why you would when youre literally surrounded by choice Im not sure...). A three bedroom place in Midtown West was a great find and I would definitely recommend this property. Dmitriy always answered my queries promptly, despite the time difference and everything from picking up keys to checking out ran like clockwork. I would definitely stay here again! What a great way to spend the week working events with a group of coworkers. We were close in proximity to the expo hall and all of our team activities. Thanks for supplying the basic needed shampoo, towels, etc! Makes it nice to know youll have everything you need. Easy and smooth and efficient, no problems - nice spot, friendly check-in, easy departure, clean and tidy and as described. Thanks! Accommodations were very nice and spacious for NYC. Great location despite a slightly noisy intersection, but to be expected in most areas that close to the action. Bedrooms were plenty large, each with mirrors and bathroom smaller but suitable. AC units in each room and a fire escape/window that could be opened as well. One room had a small gap/opening between the AC unit and window, so was a little louder but could be easily fixed. Kitchen stocked with wine glasses, bottle opener, water in fridge, etc. This beats a hotel hands down! Hells Kitchen has excellent restaurants, so many choices were <1-2 blocks and Times Square really close as well (very short safe walk). Checkin was quick and efficient, we were even graciously allowed to drop bags early. Dmitiry was available for any communication, but we had no issues. Would recommend!!  The apartment is in a great location. Communication was great. As mentioned by other gas was off. It is a gas leak that is outside Dimitrys control.  We still had heating and hot water. We were given a hot plate - we didnt use it as there are varied places to eat in Hells Kitchen. I am unclear why others may have complained. I would recommend this place if you need a place in central NY.  Great location! We were met when we arrived.  The host was already there.  Check out was a breeze - we just left the keys behind.  The unit was comfortable for five of us.  The location was perfect - we had tickets to several shows and no theater is more than a few blocks.  Restaurants are abundant in the neighborhood as are grocery stores.  I would stay here next time for a family visit and recommend it highly. Excellent 3 bedroom apartment, new and great location! Good location. Lots of restaurants and tourist attractions close by. Earplugs a must especially in master bedroom.   This is a great apartment in a great location making it easy to explore this great city. Myself and my 3 children stayed 3 nights and the apartment gave us an excellent base for what we needed. Being a central location and on the corner of 9th & 47th means its busy and vibrant and with that comes noise so be prepared for that. The apartment itself is spacious and fairly well equipped with what youll need. The gas issue appears ongoing but only effects the cooker. The apartment was clean and warm with a decent shower. Dimitry & his friend Andrei were friendly and helpful and allowed us to check-out late as there were no follow on guests. I would recommend this apartment to anyone who wants to be right in the heart of NY with everything at your finger tips. Квартира очень миленькая и хорошо расположена. Теплая! Мы 4 года подряд приезжаем в январе по работе в НЙ большой компанией, и потому вынуждены искать апараты. И это впервые, когда квартира на Манхэттене была теплая.  Три отдельные комнаты и небольшая гостиная с кроватью. Нам на 5-ым места хватило. Туалет один, правда, пришлось в очереди иногда стоять, но это мелочи -)  Расположение отличное, много рядом и дорог, такси в любом направлении можно словить. Также много и старбаксов, и пиццерий, и нормальных мест поесть. Нам важно было иметь под боком что-то быстрое, поэтому обращали внимание на такие вещи.  Дмитрий очень положительный -) Пошел навстречу, дал нам раннее размещение и поздний выезд, что, конечно, очень выручило. Три комплекта ключа - вообще праздник!  Единственный недостаток - звукопроницаемость окон. С улицы шел шум ночью, но мы быстро привыкли из-за усталости от работы + кто-то пользовался берушами.  По деньгам - до сих пор радуемся. Действительно отличная находка по приемлемой цене! Я прям рекомендую обратить внимание на эти апарты, если есть затыки в бюджете, а НЙ хочется посетить.  Всем удачи! A very convenient place, it is a central location in Manhattan and very close to Javits Convention Center. Though it is a bit noisy, the landlord provide earplugs to solve the problem perfectly. Thank you for your hospitality, Dmitiriy and Andrei!  Wonderful place for a family! This place is perfect! So close to everything you could need and want in NYC. It was very clean, super close to everything, and more. A grocery store just outside the door, restaurants and bars around the corner, time square just a few blocks away! We will definitely remember this place every time we come back to NYC! Very good location to be central to all the tourist places. We were on a business trip and wifi was very strong. Thank you for having us  Dmitriy is a great host! We would definitely stay there again. Thanks for the stay! Very clean, host were really nice!  Great place really close to time square.   Great stay just steps away from the heart of the city ! Perfect location and kind host. Really good!  The location was great! So for that you have to compromise with the noise....  but several good grocery stores nearby, lots of restaurants.... Awesome bakery (Amys bread) is just across the street, we went there every morning.... also we felt quite safe in the area. We loved it! Great location in the heart of NYC! Lovely and spacious apartment   Great host! Super responsive and accommodating. Fantastic location. Would totally recommend.  Just be prepared for street noise. Did not bother us at all, but we used to live in NYC and understand that youre going to hear street noise when youre located on an avenue, 1 story above the street level. Great communication and everything is exactly how it is explained. Location is perfect. Can get a bit noisy but earplugs fix that. Walking distance to everything, heaps of great restaurants and close to subway. Highly recommend. Location location location! If you are young and want to party in New York this is your place. It is loud and crazy and just a few blocks from Times Square. Perfect!  But if street noise bothers you, these windows are very thin and not well insulated due to three window units.  You are right in the middle of the club scene and the noise will actually shake the bed frame. But considering there are three bedrooms, it is an amazing value.  If you want luxury, this is not it.  If you want to be centrally located in the middle of everything, this is your place Mooi centraal gelegen appartement op drukke locatie. Het gebouw is mooi en de andere bewoners vriendelijk en relaxed. Voor een gezin met 4 kids was dit een heel goede uitvalsbasis. Het contact met de eigenaar was goed, heel prettig als je zoals wij van ver komt.  Enige kritiek is dat de keuken en badkamer wat mij betreft wel schoner mochten zijn.  the apartment is such and as described in the notice. Dmitriy is very friendly, helpful and attentive. I hope to return in the future. The place was pretty much exactly as described. It was very clean and comfortable.  As others have pointed out in other reviews, it is above some kind of club that played very loud music until very late. The windows are not insulated, so the noise from the street/club is loud. I brought a Bluetooth speaker and played nature sounds that helped to drown out the street noise. Really the noise issue was a minor detail in an otherwise good experience with this property. It is literally two blocks from all of the Broadway theaters and Time Square. This is a terrific place, just as described, and in a wonderful location close to all the things youll want to do.  Our host was so great in communication and attentive to everyones needs.  Its also a great value for the location and accommodations.  For those whove not been to NYC before, there is a great deal of noise from the ""city"" all the time.  And this place is no different...but you wont find a better value, nicer host, or better location for the money.  We recommend this and will stay here again. Nice and Clean. Close walk to Times Square. Appartement conforme aux photos, il est en longeur, séjour pas très grand, grande cuisine équipée, trois chambres avec grand placards et pas mal de ceintres a disposition. Bien placé ,  mais bruyant (normal nous sommes a langle de la 9eme AV et de la 47 eme .) donc prévoir boule quies . Mais je pense que vous soyez n importe ou dans Manhattan c est pareil , NYC ne sarrète jamais .Pas de volets pour ceux qui aiment dormir dans la pénombre. Mais bien agréable quand nous sommes une famille de 5 car chacun a son indépendance et il suffit de descendre et nous avons tous le nécessaire pour lalimentation en bas de limmeuble. Dmitriy très agréable et facilitant : il nous a laissé 2 jeux de clés et nous avons pu rester dans lappartement le jour du départ jusquà 15H30 au lieu de 12H car lappartement n était pas reloué le jour mëme.; donc c était très sympas de sa part. Il y a la clim dans lappart et heureusement car fin juin début juillet il faisait très chaud à NYC . Limmeuble est bien sécurisé . Nous avons passé un très bon séjour. Great apartment, great location. Would definitely stay again. Location is close to time square busy section lots of restaurants Dimitry was incredibly communicative and helpful throughout my stay. I would definitely stay there again. Smooth checkin, responsive host; walking distances to several good restaurants, Time Square, Broadway etc.  A couple of recommended improvements are to better insulate the windows to reduce the street noise and put in washer/dryer.  Overall great experience and great value! I couldnt fault this place.  It was the perfect location for us (Hells Kitchen is fast becoming one of my favourite neighbourhoods!).  The flat appeared bigger than what the photos made out.  Only downside was the noisy road, but you cant blame the host for trucks honking their horns late at night.  Definitely will try and stay here again when were next in Manhattan! Our (adult) family of 5 had a wonderful stay at Dmitriys place in Hells Kitchen. It was in the perfect location, which allowed us to be able to walk to the majority of the activities that we had planned (some walks were in excess of 45 min, but we knew this in advance and it gave us a great opportunity to see more of the city). Dmitriy and Andrei were fantastic hosts - who communicated in a friendly and timely manner before, and during our stay. We were given all the tools and resources we needed in order to have a successful first trip in NYC. Its a great place for family vacation....very clean and convenient.. Great location, good spaces, you can find everything you need only a few steps from the apartment. The location, 2 blocks from Time Square and the subway, allowed us to enjoy NYC without problems. Ruido incompatible con dormir.Hace muy difícil la (Website hidden by Airbnb) una pena por que el piso está muy bien,genial ubicado y muy amplio Pasamos unas hermosas vacaciones en NYC en este apartamento. Está ubicado muy cerca de Time Square, así como de estaciones de metro, o cualquier medio de transporte, y de supermercados y negocios que están abiertos las 24 horas. Sin duda alguna volvería a alojarme allí  junto a mis amigos. El anfitrión en todo momento trata de complacer al huésped para que se sienta a gusto con todo y esté cómodo; no existió entre nosotros barrera alguna, pues a pesar de que hablamos lenguas diferentes nos entendimos en todo momento. Gracias por tu generosidad y amabilidad, Dmitry!!! Fue un placer haberte conocido. Have a nice day!! Todo excelente. Tiene cerca muchos servicios. Primer piso por escalera. Limpio. Ruidoso el fin de semana pero es por la buena ubicación! A dos cuadras de Times Square  Buena relación calidad-precio Quedamos muy conformes y lo recomendamos Excelente ubicación y si no te molestan los ruidos de noche es inmejorable ! Dmitriy was a great host and we would stay there again This place is amazing!! The size, price, location, everything is perfect. Walk time to Times Square was like 7 minutes. So many amazingly fun bars 2-3 minutes away. The location is just amazing. The size of the place is very very nice. I only wish the floor in the bathroom was a bit cleaner. Overall super amazing. I will definitely stay here again. My parents and a sister from back home in Michigan came to spend Christmas in NYC with me and my other NYC-based sister and we decided to all get an Airbnb to share and stay together. All in, it suited our needs but could have been much improved.   Pros: 1. Comfortable beds 2. Location perfect for all the touristy stuff the family wanted to do 3. Having 3 sets of keys was nice so we could come and go as we please.  Cons: 1. For a family of five staying for five nights, there was only a single roll of toilet paper provided  2. Amenities listed included shampoo but there was none in the apartment  3. Coffee maker didn’t work, father had to Macguyver it with a spatula because the pot didn’t fit in the maker  4. Corkscrew was broken so had to go back to the wine shop and buy one  5. Doorknob to the apartment fell off at one point  6. No intercom system to buzz people up which was annoying  7. Shower didn’t drain well which was gross when 5 people needed to shower in the morning 8. Only 6 towels for five people so could have used a few extra. No washcloths either. Dmitriys apartment is very well located, close to Times Square, near two subway stations and at 10/15mn walk from Central Park (Colombus Circle entrance). The apartment is very nice. Dmitriy is responsive (mail, phone, SMS) and accomodating (regarding the hours to arrive and to leave). I highly recommend this place for a stay in New York... Останавливались в рамках деловой поездки .Локация очень удобная,в шаговой доступности Таймс Сквер,Центральный парк,рядом много ресторанов ,кафе,магазинов.Прекрасное соотношение цена-качество,очень быстрые ответы хозяина в случае необходимости,готовность помочь в любой ситуации.Идеально подойдёт для больших компаний без маленьких детей. Stayed 8 amazing nights in Dmitriys apartment in the middle of Manhattan. Amazing location and very close to anything including a small super market just across the street. Would definitely stay here again on my next stay.   Het verblijf was zeer goed. Het appartement ligt op een zeer goede locatie, op slechts enkele minuten stappen van Times Square. Ook alle winkels liggen in de nabijheid. Van de gastheer kregen we ook een lijst met toffe adressen in de buurt om te gaan eten, drinken of te gaan winkelen.  De verwarming maakt wel wat lawaai, maar dat is natuurlijk is heel New York hetzelfde.  Samengevat is dit de ideale uitvalsbasis om New York te bezoeken. Een perfecte prijs/kwaliteitverhouding! Appartement très bien situé, propre, grand et lumineux même si comme il était indiqué dans les commentaires la chambre sur l’avenue est très bruyante. C’est surtout le chauffage à vapeur qui nous a gêné (non réglable, bruyant et beaucoup trop chaud) Malgré cela nous avons passé un très agréable séjour et Dmitriy a été très arrangeant sur nos horaires de départ/arrivée et nous a donné de très bonnes adresses!"	1
591	Accurate description of the place. Cosy and close to the subway. Great for a weekend stay. Tykias place was in an ideal Location for the subway which goes directly into Manhattan (just a minute walk). However it is quite a way out of New York if you were to take a taxi. The area felt safe. The room itself was a good size with a huge TV with lots of good channels such as Hulu and Netflix etc. The room and bathroom were really clean, only thing is that the kitchen could be a bit cleaner. Tykias place was lovely. The pictures actually dont give the most accurate description of it, as it was much better. It was clean and had a nice vibe to it.  I didnt see her much but she was always a phone call a way and was always very helpful. She even went out looking for me the first day I arrived (phone was dead and she found me at the DD right up the road lol). She also accommodated me earlier than the slated check in time because of the flight I was on. I also received a little care pack, which I thought was a nice touch.   This place is close to a few food spots and the train. I would recommend this place to anyone. Tykia is an accommodating and kind host. She communicates very well and knows how to take care of basic needs of her guests like towel, WiFi, toiletries, etc. Her apartment is located literally 2 min from a subway station that takes you to 42nd street on the A train in 20 mins. Great location. 这是我在airbnb的第一晚,在Tykia之前有两个房东因为各种原因取消了我的订单,令我很沮丧。遇到Tykia让我对纽约和对Airbnb又有了一些希望。Tykia不和我们住在一起,但有什么问题她都会很耐心地热心解答。房子的位置离地铁站大约100米,房子里的设施也很齐全(虽然我没有找到吹风机),很幸运遇到了Tykia? Tykias place was great! It was me and a friends first trip to New York and she made us feel very safe. The apartment is a stones throw from a Subway station, which definitely helped at night, the room was clean and the amenities were great (Netflix and wifi). The bed was also really comfy! A great trip, would definitely recommend Tykias place. Tykia was a very respectable host communicated with her guest effectively too make sure everything was in order. The home was very clean quite spacious and very comfortable. The area was a fairly nice with public transportation conveniently close too the home. Restaurants and other stores with in walking distance. All in all a great place too be if your visiting the Big Apple. Tykias place is perfect for a single or couple that will be out and about in NYC.  Its small but very efficient and best of all theres an elavator. The queen size bed is very comfortable. Theres a zip car rental across the street, the subway station and Dunking Dounuts at the corner. We enjoyed the friendly roommates and never had a problem sharing the bathroom.  Overall Tykias place met all our needs and we highly recommend it. The location was great. Its 1 min walk to the trains A, B, C, D which takes you everywhere. Unfortunately we did not meet Tykia but we met Maria who helped us to settle, showed us everything and we had a nice talk together. The room is small but cozy and we felt really well in there. Thank you girls! Tykia is a wonderful host and her apartment is just as great! We had a lovely time and would absolutely stay again! Very accurate and comfortable. Tykia was very helpful with any questions we had trying to get around New York. Her location is literally 50 steps from the subway. My daughter and I were very happy! Tykia was really helpful from the begging, when we got in touch with her, she answer really fast our messages and she explain us how to arrive perfectly to her apart.  The apartment is really clean and very very nice and new, we felt at home. There are 3 flat mates and they are really kind too, and lovely. They are like a family. They even prepare a dinner one day and was amazing. Best connection with subway (1 min walk) (they have express train) 3 min to market.  Dont stop booking with Katia & co. My sister and I stayed at Tykias place for two nights. The room was clean and tiny but big enough for all our suitcases. The location is just perfect, few steps away from Subway and right in the heart of Manhattan in 20 minutes. Tykia is super friendly and gave us many tips about the City and was always very fast in answering our Messages. Would stay again at her Place! Thank you for everything. Tykia and Maria were wonderful hosts. The communication was great and quick. They both answered all of my questions and gave us advise on how to get to different locations.  The place is really cozy, and convenient.  The subway is literally a few steps  from the apt. dunking donuts and a deli is right on the corner. Also there’s a cute and really good restaurant called  Sugar Hill Cafe and the food is amazing !  Thank you for everything ladies ! Lovely little apartment. Tykias space was super close to the subway (had no issues getting around NYC) and Harlem was an interesting and inviting neighbourhood. We mainly communicated with Tykias roommates, both of whom were helpful, kind and down to earth. The air conditioning and elevator were amazing at the end of a long day of walking.  :) Tykia is a great host, the apartment is clean with a good bed and the location is perfect (near the subway). It was a wonderful experience and we recommend it. Tykia was a wonderful and attentive host. I was in NYC in early November for a short trip and didnt require much, but the room was more than what I expected. It was extremely clean, and I felt safe in the apartment and building. I didnt see her much, yet she was easy to get in contact with if I had minor questions about where things were. I was apprehensive about using Airbnb, but Tykia quickly eased those concerns. She got back to me in less than 24 hours when I initially booked the room and everything -- from the check-in/checkout process to the rooms amenities --  was exactly how she described it. I recommend that if you want to get a real sense of Harlem, or even the rest of Manhattan, the location of the apartment is perfect. The subway is right by the apartment, and its easy to transfer to other trains around the city.  And while I enjoyed the privacy of my stay, it was great running into her on the night I checked in. Shes extremely kind and very interesting. I would book with her again. This place is a stones throw from the metro station and about 30 minutes from Times Square or the center of Manhattan. There are others staying in the space and so make sure you prepare to interact in common spaces. They were friendly and helpful.	1
592	"Well! I can describe the entire stay was wonderful. Fernando was a great host, showed several tips of the city, good places to eat and have fun. The place is very quiet and really just still getting to know nice people in the neighborhood and talked about different experiences.I would certainly stay in the same place to return one day to NY. Me and my boyfriend spent 4 nights at Fernandos apartment. Fernando was super funny and tried really hard to make our stay comfortable. He was in touch with us all the time, and anwser every question. Apartment was nice and good connected. Our host agreed when we ask for late check-out. Strongly recommend! The room was big enough, clean and had a great bed. Fernando is a really nice host. He knows a lot about New York and how to help tourists finding their way. The house is in a great neighbourhood, close to public transportation. We felt really welcome, and would definately recommend this. El departamento tiene una muy buena ubicación, a menos de 5 minutos caminando de la subway station y de Central Park. Hay muchos lugares buenos y baratos para comer cerca del departamento.    Fernando se portó excelente con nosotros. Siempre estuvo presente para cuando necesitabamos ayuda, nos entregó todos los tips de la ciudad, se preocupó que nunca nos faltara nada en la casa, ni siquiera el desayuno. Es una excelente persona, muy honesta, transparente y preocupada. Tuvimos la oportunidad de compartir mucho con él y su mundo, lo que nos gustó muchísimo.    No sólo cumplió con alojarnos en un excelente lugar, sino que le añadió un enorme valor extra a nuestro viaje con su simpatía, buena disposición y amistad. No lo hubiesemos pasado tan bien en otro alojamiento.    La próxima vez que vayamos a Nueva York esta será mi primera opción de alojamiento. La recomiendo completamente. My wife and I stayed here for 5 nights, and it was a really comfortable place to stay while exploring New York. Fernando was friendly, helpful and accommodating. We hadnt realized before booking this room that Fernando and his roommate rent out both of the bedrooms of their apartment, and occasionally spend the night on the couch in in the living room. We were out of the apartment most of the day, but the bedroom we rented gave us a great place to turn in at night and the apartment never felt overcrowded. I would recommend this place to a friend!  Excellent séjour  La chambre, comme lappartement, ne sont pas très spacieux, mais très propres, fonctionnels et très bien placés  Notre hôte est très chaleureux; nous étions très à laise et nous avons beaucoup échangé   We enjoyed our 5 nights stay at Fernandos apartment. Fernando was easygoing,very gracious and helpful. He answered all my questions in great detail and it was extremely helpful.he was available during the stay when we had other questions. The apartment was pictured as described. It was warm and comfy, which was extremely great especially after spending a day outside. Everything was very clean and we had free use of kitchen make our own breakfast with coffee all provided.  The shower was terrific with a lots of hot water. Overall, everything was wonderful ,a very comfortable stay and greatly recommended. This was our first time using Airbnb, and I just have to say it was AMAZING!!!!! Fernando was exactly as described in his many positive reviews: he was kind, friendly, welcoming, and this list can go on forever. We had the pleasure to spend our first night chatting away and getting to know each other, it truly felt like home. The place is exactly as described and as represented in the pictures. Very comfortable and pretty. Great location one block from Central Park! and plenty of amenities provided by Fernando. I would without a doubt stay with Fernando again. Thank you for making our trip so special... and for helping my boyfriend plan the proposal :):):).. I am sure we will see each other again and remain friends. GREAT EXPERIENCE!!   No soy de escribir, pero en esta ocasión tengo que hacerlo. Hemos estado una semana en NUEVA YORK y como digo en ESPAÑA, en casa de FERNANDO. No conocíamos a FERNANDO, pero él y su pareja, hicieron que nuestra estancia fuese como si estuviésemos en nuestra propia casa. En la cual como las normas detallan hay: PAZ, AMOR Y RESPETO. Resumiendo: una estancia inolvidable. SI VAIS IR A NUEVA YORK, OS RECOMENDAMOS QUE LA CASA DE FERNANDO SEA VUESTRA ELECCIÓN. Por su buena ubicación, limpieza, accesos...etc. Muchas gracias por todo, FERNANDO!!! También a ALBERTO. Great location. Communication with Fernando was very effective, which made the whole process  easy. Its a very small room, but clean and safe. Recommended if you are traveling on a budget. I loved  Fernandos place! I stayed there with my mom for a week, and we both loved it. The place is really clean and comfortable, especially the bed. Its  two blocks away from the subway and one block away from central park, which makes it very convenient. The kitchen is fully equipped with everything, and also Fernando is super nice and and makes your stay even more wonderful. I would definitely stay here again! Fernando was an amazing host.  He is genuinely interested in other peoples cultures.  He treated us as if we had been year long friends.  I told him that I was interested in a restaurant; the night before we arrived, he ate at the restaurant.  When we arrived, he told us his honest opinion.  We thought that was great.  We mainly traveled to NYC to eat and eat we did!  Fernando was a great host and if we go back in the near future, I hope we will be welcomed back.  The only part I regret, we did not go out with Fernando and get to know him better.  One other thing--the bed is very comfortable haha.   It always great to come back and get a great night of sleep.  Thanks Fernando! Would recommend It is the first time i book a apartment in the Airbnb,it is amazing. Fernando is a very good person,he is polite and really friendly,we feel like staying at home. The apartment is clean and new, everything is very convenient, we walk to school every morning for about 15 minutes, there are supermarket, fruit,flowers shops, you can get everything you want very convenient.  People in NYC is very nice,.We like it very much, and hope to live here in the future,thank you so much. Nous avons été très bien accueillis par Fernando. notre chambre était prête avec deux serviettes propres et des petits échantillons de produit de bain. Fernando est un formidable hôte qui vous mettra très vite à laise en ce qui concerne lusage de lappartement et vous donneras toutes les infos dont vous aurez besoin. Nous avons retrouver lesprit Airbnb que nous espérions : share hope and love ;-)) Fernando was very friendly and helpful. His apartment was small but sweet and clean. Checkin and checkout were easy to coordinate.  We have a great time with Fernando. He is very nice and hospitable. The house has everything that we need and the bed is very comfortable. Staying in his apartment is one of my best airbnb experience. I highly recommend him.  Fernando is a great host - awesome and friendly. The place is nice and cozy. The neighbourhood is safe and easily accessible. Do not forget to check out the airbnb map Fernando is building. Fernando was a great host! Not only is he very responsible, but he is also caring and flexible for his guests needs.  His place was quite comfortable to stay. It was actually my first trip with Airbnb, and itd be very nice if this same experience continues into the future with other hosts!  The apartment is very well located, near the subway and Central Park. Its very warm and has enough space for a couple. You wont hear any noises from the outside. Its ideal! Fernando is the best host you will ever find. He will always be concerned about you and your needs and will give you the best tips for enjoying the city. He even will offer you coffee and hot chocolate as you please! GREAT LOCATION!  Awesome host. Couldnt have had a better time.  Apartment was very close to not only Central Park, but the subway too, which was very convenient.   The room was great, stayed in the big cozy room and there were some girls from Spain who stayed in the other. The last night I stayed in the smaller room. Beware the rooms dont have their own keys, so when you leave the apartment you cant lock the door to your room. All my stuff was respected though so no complaints.   Fernando is amazing, such a sweetheart. Always accessible. Very inviting and knows all there is to know about New York. I one time texted him I was out of toilet paper and he brought some haha.   HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!! Fernando was a fantastic host! He responded quickly to my many questions and made himself available when needed. The room was exactly as advertised and provided a great NYC experience.  Fernando was super nice! We had a dinner together. House was close to the metro, and the room was enough for two people. Fernando was an awesome host, who went out of his way to accommodate any needs that I had.  He also easily resolved an issue with changing the reservation.   The apartment is in a great location, close to the train and Central Park, and there are some really nice food spots just a few blocks away on Columbus and Amsterdam.  The room is cosy, with air conditioning and a large TV, although I was mostly working so didnt spend all day in there!  I would definitely stay there again, and would highly recommend his place. Very good place and perfect appartment!  Fernando siempre estuvo al pendiente de lo que necesitáramos, es un excelente anfitrión. El barrio es muy tranquilo y agradable inclusive para andar de noche hay dos estaciones del metro muy cerca lo cual es muy conveniente para moverse, tienen la ventaja que se encuentran a dos cuadras de Central Park. El cuarto es muy cómodo y limpio, tal como aparece en la foto. Tuvimos la oportunidad de salir a cenar con Fernando y  Alberto, fue un tiempo muy agradable. Definitivamente recomiendo este lugar para su estancia y cuando regresemos a New York es nuestra primera opción. Fernando has been a very available host. He managed to be present when we arrived early in the morning before checking in. He has very good suugestions as regard to ""where to have a good breakfast nearby"", ""how to get a taxi for leaving to the Airport"",  Fernando was a very hospitable host and attentive to our needs. He quickly addressed any issues we had and went the ""extra mile"" to make sure our arrival and departure were effortless. Important when navigating NYC. The apartment location was in a great spot, close to the subway, buses and grocery markets. Safe for my 10-year-old son and I to walk at night. The photos of the bedroom were slightly different than what we stayed in, but still clean and cozy. And the large smart TV in the bedroom was a pleasant surprise. I would recommend staying here.  Even though he wasnt there when I came in , he made sure to leave an accurate instruction on how To get in to his apartment. He also checked on me through the whole stay and made sure I had everything I needed. His apartment is centrally located and look just like in the picture. I will def stay there again. Thanks Fernando  The place is nice and clean. Location is the best, just next to Central Park, 1-2 min walk to subway and bus stop. Surrounding areas are quite safe for a woman traveling alone. Fernado is very friendly. We shared and respect privacy of each other. Fernando and his boyfriend are such great people! One of the first things Fernandos boyfriend said to me was that his apartment should feel like my second home and it really did.  Its a safe neighborhood, about a block away from Central Park. The apartment was really clean and cozy. If Im ever in New York again, I hope to stay here. Thank you for a fantastic weekend guys! Its just so nice of Fernando n his roommate. I was so lucky to find somewhere like this. I ll stay at the same place when I come to NYC again.  The stay at Fernandos was really good. Great location, accessible, clean and spacious. I really liked staying here and would highly recommend it to anyone Value for money, check! If youre still looking for a place to stay, look no further, this place is cozy, comfortable and in a good location. The apartment is perfectly clean. Host is super friendly. Fernando is very willing to suggest tips and suggestions for budget travelers like us! As for the room size, we think its just right for us. We didnt spend much time in the apartment as we only stayed for three days so we just basically sleep, take a shower, make a cup of coffee and leave to see the fabulous and busy nyc streets! We spent our last night hanging out with Fernando close by. As his motto goes, we leave as friends! Overall, its a fantastic first time airbnb stay for me and my husband! :) Fernando was a wonderful host, although we didnt interact much cause were mostly out of the apartment in the morning and didnt return until after dinner.  Location is in a nice quiet neighbourhood, yet very convinient to Central Park or to the subway station. Really good value place to stay.  Our flight back was in the evening and Fernando was so gracious to let us keep our room until 4 pm. He also helped us book our transport to airport.  Fernando est très accueillant et disponible, le logement est bien situé et propre. La chambre est au calme et la literie très bonne, nous avons ainsi pu récupérer de nos bonnes journées.  A recommander.  Laetitia This was our first time using airbnb, we were very happy with our whole experience. Fernando was very easy to contact and we encountered no issues throughout our stay. Pros: Ok, well located, next to the central park and subway. Easy access, 30 min to times square. If you want to save money, its worth it. Cons: Free room access only at 5:00 pm in as it was not clean. I saw the host only once, so I could not use Wi-Fi (He should have left the password in the room). On the second day the toilet paper ran out (he should be more careful). In general, I think the apartment should have more cleaning. And the rooms cable TV was not working. Super recomendado, excelente ubicación  y muy buena atención departe de Fernando y Alberto! Gracias From now on, anytime we stay in New York it will be with Fernando! His apartment is so conveniently located blocks from a subway station and Central Park. The room was very sufficient and included a huge tv, an even bigger comfortable bed and air conditioning. Everything was clean and perfect, and Fernando made sure check in/out was a piece of cake. Thank you sososo much!! Fernando was a great host! Very quick to respond and was lovely enough to invite us out some nights. Thanks for making our trip wonderful :) The apartment is very clean and the location is great ! Fernando is very prompt in replying back and is super friendly . He knows a lot of good places in NY. He also  got us a free entry into one of the rooftops near times square through his friend. We had a great time in NY, thanks Fernando for being such a nice host . Fernando’s apartment is very close to the subway going downtown, which saved a lot of time. Though the room is not that big, it’s clean and well equipped. Fernando was busy with work during our visit, but he responded almost every message I sent. We had a very comfortable stay in Fernando’s apartment which was clean, warm and quiet. The room has a huge tv, desk and plenty of storage. The kitchen and bathroom are compact but offer everything you need.  We didn’t see much of Fernando as there were other guests staying at the apartment but he was quick to respond to queries and keen to ensure that we had everything we needed. He was also very accommodating in allowing us to check in early.  Thank you for having us! I had a very enjoyable trip and I owe some of it to Fernando and his home. It was a safe and nice neighborhood. The apartment was tiny but the pictures of the bedroom were not deceiving and the bed was very comfortable. Though I was about 50 blocks north of where I wanted to be (costs was too high), I found Fernando’s place to be a nice, low key home to go to after the chaos of Times Square and more. I would stay at Fernando’s again."	1
593	My experience at this apartment was great! Jamies bedroom was exactly like the photos - neat, minimal, yet cozy. The rest of the house was the same. Jamie was gone but we met his housemate who was really friendly and accommodating. A great place to stay! I had a great stay at Jamies. The comfortable bedroom was perfect with a/c, flat screen TV and washer/dryer. Close to cool bars and restaurants on the Lower East Side. The subway and Citibike are about a bock away making it very convenient. Highly recommended.  We had a wonderful stay at Jamies apartment. The location was perfect and near the subway.His roommate Nikhill was very nice and we had great talks! thank you guys for everything! Jamie and Nikhil have a great apartment! Its in a perfect spot in Chinatown, right across from a beautiful little park and just a block away from the subway. Nikhil provided me with some great tips on local spots to eat, especially a Chinese place that had some of the best fried dumplings Ive ever had. The room itself was clean, with a very comfortable bed. Overall this was a great experience at a great price in Manhattan...I would definitely stay again! Jamie and Nikhil were easy to coordinate with and accommodated our unusual schedules!  The apartment was exactly as described, great location.  AMAZING!! These guys know about service!! We had a great experience.  We booked an early entry to the Freedom tower and Jamie made everything possible for our early arrival. The room is super cozy and clean. Location is a plus with nice restaurant around the area. Thank you very much for making our stay so wonderful. I lived in NYC for 10 years but never really got to experienced LES (Lower East Side)... bordering the wonders of Chinatown, this is location is great for the business traveler or for something in for a weekend in Manhattan seeking an authentic NYC experience... where the locals live and not where the tourists roam in their masses (Time Sq.).    The hosts (Jamie was out on town on business) were very attentive on the arrival communications but then Nikhil who was here for the week, was a fantastic host.    Full of knowledge of where to go and how to get around and even though sharing a small 2x BR space, privacy was not an issue for me as I came and went without issue.    Absolutely use this place again if available!    Enjoy!   Its a tiny&neat apt. Near the subway F ( walking only 2 minutes). Jamie and his roommate are easy to talk to. Recommend! Lovely place to stay! We only got to meet Nikhil and he was a great guy and gave us good tips about New York. Fun neighbourhood with a lot of things to do. Would definitely recommend!	1
594	"My stay at this apartment was extremely wonderful! I had a few friends visiting from out of town and this apartment was the perfect accommodation for my group. Tessa was incredibly helpful in all of the organization and was very flexible in me picking up the keys and also dropping them off (only a block from the apartment). The area is beautiful and super close to Manhattan. The apartment itself is gorgeous and incredibly comfortable and very spacious! We also had brunch at the restaurant located below, which is a great spot! I would highly recommend this apartment!  This apartment was as advertised!  A great space, a short cab ride or a moderate walk away from Astoria best.  Didnt get a chance to interact with the hosts but they were only a text message away if we needed anything.  Highly recommend! Nice apartment in a nice place The host canceled this reservation 5 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. This is a perfect appartment for a good price in New York! We were 6 adults and had enough space. The metro is nearby, the restaurant below is good with a warm atmosphere. The owner is very nice and helpfull. We had a good time and recommand this place! Tessas place was great.  She was a very accommodating host and everything was exactly as described.    Would definitely rent from her again! Tessa was very welcoming and responding within the hour each time to any of our questions. We had zero hitch in this rental and the main room was spacious enough for our party of 9 and everyone had comfy beds! The location was a few metro stops away from Manhattan, we found it very easy to navigate.  Would definitely recommend it to friends or other big groups. I would highly recommend this listing.  The apartment is exactly as listed and well maintained.  We were in town for a concert with 2 other couples and the location was perfect with easy access to public transportation and plenty of room with privacy for all.  We felt very welcome and the people in the neighborhood seemed friendly and helpful.  I would stay here again if ever looking for lodging in the area. We had an awesome experience. The space was exactly what we hoped to use for our group of 12. We all fit comfortable and the neighborhood was very safe. Was even better that the property was right above a bar and restaurant. Great experience! The flat was as described on internet. It is spacious and has got lot of charm. As we arent used to live in a big town, we found that it was a little bit noisy. The flat is really well placed, it is close to a metro station and it will bring you quickly to the centre of Manhattan. Thank you Tessa for the appertement. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. She made it very easy to get the key & locate the apartment. Also was very helpful getting us anything we needed while we were there. The neighborhood was safe and friendly from what I experienced. Very hard to find parking on the street though. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. My friends and I loved staying at this apartment. It was as described: very spacious, clean and convenient.  Only a few blocks from the subway, a short ride over to midtown Manhattan. Plenty of space to relax and sleep. We were 11 people and we had plenty of room for everything! Our host made herself available to us by phone any time, and answered all of our questions. Very accommodating! Also there is a really cool restaurant underneath the apartment that was pretty great.  I would recommend staying at this bnb for sure.  The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. It was a very nice place, Tessa made us feel at home  Nous n’avons jamais vu le propriétaire durant notre séjour. le logement était sale, avec de fortes odeurs de graisses et l’équipement du logement un peu léger (manque de couverts, pas assez de place sur la table à manger...). les toilettes se sont bouchées à 2 reprises !!!! The host canceled this reservation 5 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. I stayed at this home with my family and was very happy to have the space to move around.  Great value for all the amenities and the location cant be beat, close to trains you can be in manhattan in no time. The place is clean, which is very important to me. I will definitely stay here on my next trip to NYC! Thank you for sharing your home with us!  Easily accessed from the 39th Ave Station and only 2 stops from Manhattan, Tessas apartment was a great location for our family of five for our NYC holiday. Very spacious as advertised, it was very comfortable, we all had plenty of room and it was a great place to come back to and relax after a day of sightseeing. The corner store across the street had everything we needed in terms of supplies and the neighbourhood was very quiet. Wonderful place for a weekend getaway. Feels like being at home. Very spacious and comfortable. We would definitely stay here again!  The location is definitely awesome! Really close to the subway.  I loved it her but the last night I let my Sister and her friends stay  expercence what I felt the not the space the way the people treated me and my sister  Everything was OK, helpful and flexible host. Nice place, good location and no neighbours :) We had an excellent stay here!  Great space and comfortable rooms.  Our hosts were responsive and helpful.  Its a very convenient subway ride to Manhattan. We wanted a spacious apartment for our family to be able to stay in together and this definitely fit the bill. Very interesting space overall with neat decor and efficient layout. Even though there was only 1 bathroom, it was a big one and everyone managed well enough for a weekend stay. Tessa was very communicative and helped to make the stay a smooth one.  Todo fue espectacular.  Muchas. Gracias Tessa y Steffano por su cordial atencion!!  The host canceled this reservation 73 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The location is perfect, very close to the subway station. And there are some deli, grocery and restaurants within walking distance. The place is, as the name says, spacious. The apartment was wonderful, great location , great host . Subway very close by making travel around NYC easy .  Thank you would definitely stay here again if going to NYC. Great location and layout!  Couldnt have asked for a better stay.  Tessa was great to work with.  Very helpful and accommodating.  Definitely went above and beyond with early check in and letting us keep our luggage in the apartment after check out to allow us to see a couple last minute attractions. El departamento de Tess es muy amplio, cuenta con tres dormitorios y puede hospedar hasta 12 personas. Se encuentra en muy buenas condiciones, igual a como luce en las fotos, Se encuentra a dos cuadras de la estación del metro 39 Av de las línea (Website hidden by Airbnb) cuadras de la estación Queensboro Plaza, donde también pasa la línea 7. Pueden llegar rápidamente al Midtown y combinar líneas para ir a Brooklyn. Tess se encuentra disponible por correo o teléfono para cualquier consulta que necesiten hacerle. Mi experciencia fue muy satisfactoria. The place was very noisy. There is a restaurant on the 1st floor and people had a big fuss until 1 AM. We had 4 small children, so it was very difficult for them to sleep at night. In the kitchen, it was like blocking something in the drainpipe and the water doesnt flow good. Great place and would definitely come back again without hesitation. Tessas place was perfect for our needs - two couples with 4 kids between us looking for somewhere spacious, convenient and affordable for a week. There are two comfortable double bedrooms for the adults and plenty of sleeping options in the third bedroom or living area for the kids.   The apartment is very well-equipped and its handy having Dutch Kills Centraal right below for dinner and the occasional cocktail. Theres a handy corner shop across the street. Astoria is a great neighbourhood and well worth a wander.  We particularly liked the Breakfast Shack on 30th St & 30th Ave - great pancakes (gluten-free too) and omelettes you can eat outside in Athens Park.  Also good, Astoria coffee around the corner.  All just a 20-minute stroll from the apartment or hop on the subway if youre feeling lazy.  Also worth checking out the Socrates Sculpture Park then taking the water ferry to Long Island City or Wall St. Although in Queens, it couldnt be easier to get into central Manhattan.  The subway is 2 minutes from the apartment and takes you straight to Times Square in 10 minutes, Wall St in 30 minutes. Tessa was helpful in advance with advice about airport transfers and the secure key box made it easy to check in when we arrived after 11pm.  We would recommend the apartment to families and would definitely stay here again. We had a great time at the apartment. We were two families, with five kids in total. We put all the kids in the room with the bunk beds and the couples each had their own room. For nine in total the apartment is great - with more it will be very crowded. There is only one bathroom, which makes morning/evening logistics not too quick, but manageable with nine people. Apartment is spacious and at a great location, close to the ""R"" tube which brings you to Manhattan in no time. Restaurant downstairs has good food and we had no noise at all during the 6 nights we stayed here. We never saw the host, but communication through (Hidden by Airbnb) was quick, to the point and they helped out. I can really recommend this place. The location was fantastic and the restaurant below was handy to have. Getting the keys and getting checked in and out could not have been easier.   We did end up swapping rooms around a bit and sleeping on couches, as the bess in the two private rooms were creeking and uncomfortable- but other than that- everything was fantastic and Tessa was a great host! 숙소의 위치 아주 훌륭합니다. 바로 50미터에 지하철있고 타임스퀘로 4정거장 정도입니다. 호스트와 바로 연락가능하며 10명이 아주 좋은시간을 보냈습니다. Definitely a great place to stay for large groups! Spacious, lots of beds (not just couches but some of those too!) Thanks for the stay, Tessa!"	1
595	We are family of three that spent couple of days at Vamsees apartment. The one bedroom is big by NYC standard and exactly as described. Vamsees cousin (Venu) helped us with the check in. We showed up 45 mins before the arranged check in time Venu responded very fast and came by quickly. The location in the center of 5th ave, central park and close to time SQ. AC is very strong also. We would love to stay there again and also highly recommend this place for you guys in AirBnB.      Thanks  J Had the most wonderful stay with my family at Vamsees place!     If you are traveling to explore the NYC for the first time this apartment is just what you need! Central Park, Times Square, 5th avenue, everything is literally 3-5 minutes away, the subway/metro station is just around the corner (the Q line, takes you to almost all must-see places), lots of cafes and supermarkets around.  The apartment itself is very nice, easily accomodates 4 adults,  lots of space and all the amenities are there. The building has an elevator (a huge plus compared to traditional walk-up buildings) and the doorman available 24/7.   Although we didnt get to meet Vamsee, his cousin made sure we are comfortable and have everything we need, and Vamsee himself was available on the phone :)    Our trip to NYC wouldnt have been even half as nice as it was if not for the Vamsees place, thank you! Vamsee was great with communication before hand and did well to put our minds at ease being 1st time Airbnb users. I was informed a few days before that the linen would be changed a few hours after we arrived, which I had no issue with. When we arrived, there were no keys, fortunately the elevator guy let us leave our bags while we took the kids to Central Park. Once we gained access it was clear that the place had not been cleaned since the last people who stayed had left, and the linen that needed to be replaced needed to be washed too and that meant we had put our kids to bed without any linen on the beds and my wife and I were cleaning the apartment and folding washing on our first night in New York. Once wed cleaned the apartment, we were grateful for the additional space that we had over a hotel room. The apartment is a good size and very conveniently located to get to various places. Overall it was good, just tainted by our first day experience, but Im sure itll improve in the future.  Vamsee was very welcoming and helpful. unfortunately, the guy who was supposed to take care of the place before we arrived did not show up, and we found the apartment dirty (food leftovers, dirty sinks, undisposed garbish, etc...). aside of that, everything else was great. nice place in a very convenient area of the city. Vamsees place is just as it is described. It is very large for NYC standards and the location cant be beat. Very easy to walk to most of the must-see attractions. The building is very quiet and my family and I felt very safe and comfortable while at his apartment.     Vamsee was a great host and very quick to respond to any questions we had. We would definitely consider staying at Vamsees apartment again. No complaints!  All good! We really had a great time in Nyc. Vamseems place is perfect, great location. We were 5 & we had plenty of place.  Thanks again for everything !!  Vamsee answered so quickly, it was really easy to communicate with him. Vasmees apartment was just perfect! Great spot, near everything you want to see. Everything is walking distance! Vasmee is a very nice host who will tell you everything you need to know about this beautiful city. I would definitely stay there again. Thank again X  Perfect place for a family. Close to a bunch of things to do. A very big apartment for the city! great location to get around main attraction for New York City.  Absolutely amazing unbeatable location, large apartment with two rooms, easy and flexible check in and check out. The only complaint and a huge one - the place is as incredibly dirty. Theres dog hair everywhere, on linen, on towels, the bathtub had hair when we checked in. I was ready to bark by the checkout time - had dog hair on me like second skin! Someone lives in the apartment and made no effort to even tidy up. Absolutely unacceptable. My kid dropped something, I wiped the floor and the paper towel was black from dirt! Gross. Filthy. BUT! We would stay there again bc of location and the hosts flexibility. I also hope Vamsee hires a cleaner. Such an easy thing to fix!  Vamseess location was amazing!  And he couldnt have been easier and more flexible to work with.  Our family of five would definitely stay there again! The place is fantastic. Location cant be any better. A few blocks away from Central park which was really important for us. Did my first central park run during my stay at this place. The host is super attentive to all our needs and responds within regular hours. Check-in & checking out were super easy and quick. If you really want to experince NYC like a local, than book Vamsees place now :) El departamento de Vamsee tiene una ubicación inmejorable! Esta muy cerca del Central Park, del Time Square y de las paradas de subte. Es perfecto tanto si queres descubrir New York caminando como yendo y volviendo a los diferentes puntos en subte. Es super cómodo para 4 personas y tiene todo lo que necesitas si querés cocinar en el depto en vez de salir siempre a comer afuera. La comunicación con Vamsee sin inconvenientes. Nos respondió todas nuestras consultas y fue un buen anfitrión! Vamsees apartment is in a great location: walk-able distance to major sites like Central Park and Times Square.  There is a subway station on the same block that makes travel to other parts of the city very easy.  There are lots of shops near by, good eateries, a local grocery market, basically anything you would need for your stay is close.  The location was definitely the greatest and most convenient benefit.  There is paid laundry in the basement for use, the elevator operators were all polite, neighbors were nice, and the place has working WiFi and cable.  Vamsee was an outstanding host, good communication, check-in/out was simple, and he set us up for a wonderful stay.  The only not-so-good remarks I would give are 1) there is pet hair, especially on the main bed, 2) there were fruit flies in the kitchen, 3) not sure if it was because of the pet, or a few open windows, but we did get bit by pests, and 4) parking was a hassle.  Overall, our stay at Vamsees place was enjoyable, and we would consider staying again. Great 1 bedroom with LOTS of space. The location was great-just a few minutes from Central Park. The place was clean, modern, and had everything we needed and more. Vamsee was a very accommodating host. The old school elevator was pretty awesome. Would love to stay here again if in NYC. Great location!!! Easy subway access and close to all the sights!! Great location and great service! You won’t find a better quality price in Manhattan Great location, very spacious, responsive host, overall great value. GREAT location!!  Very roomy.  I know in NYC hot water and water pressure can be a problem.  Not at Vamsee (Website hidden by Airbnb) was awesome! We had so much fun and again the location is great!	1
596	My stay at Lings place was one of the best so far since I started using AirBnB for my short stays in NY. Check-in was super smooth. Though never got around to meet her, Ling sounded very kind and attentive. Youll be hard pressed to find a better deal than Lings in the vicinity. You get a mini apartment with your own bath, attached to the nice clean room with a closet armoire, work desk, table-top microwave and a mini-fridge. Located couple of blocks from N train which will take you to Manhattan super quick.  Highly recommended. very good  Lings place was a great place to stay for one night as we transferred the next day with a bus nearby to Nigara Falls. It was cleaned, and quite comfy. Private bathroom is top thing! In the room you have fridge, microwave. The only thing we missed a little is kettle. The bed was okay, but noisy when turning around while you sleep. Thank you for having us! . Ling was polite and respectful. I had a nice stay All good	1
597	For the price Aaron has his entire place listed for, youre getting a BARGAIN! The kitchen, common area, and bathroom are all well kept and very CLEAN! The entire place felt like home. Its a modernized space. Youre definitely getting more for what you pay for. The bedroom is nice and the bed is beyond comfortable, everything you need after a day of site seeing or a night out on the town. Great for a couple, or a few friends. Id definitely RECOMMEND Aarons place! He was also very easy to get a hold of when ever we had a question. Well for sure book Aarons place again when were back in town!  Great location, great place, even better owner. Really enjoyed my time there, would definitely stay again.  This was a great place and Aaron was very available when needed. Would definitely recommend.  El lugar es increíble, la zona tiene buen ambiente, estuve caminando a las 3 am en la calle sin ningun problema, el metro esta muy cerca del departamento, y el apartamento esta muy limpio  definitivamente ame la estancia (: Beautiful place. Super modern, central location and walkable. I truly enjoyed my time here and you cannot beat the price!! Thanks Aaron! This was my first time using Airbnb and the experience was amazing!! The host was great and easy to reach. Thank you!!  Aarons place is completely amazing. The photos didnt do it justice. The apartment is clean, spacious and we felt right at home. Aaron had everything we needed from a fully equipped kitchen down to toothbrushes and toothpaste.   Aaron responded quickly to any messages from the moment we requested to book all the way to check in. After that there was no need for contact because everything went smoothly.   The location is great with so many local mom and pop stores and restaurants. It rained Saturday and we had no problem just staying in watching TV and ordering food from the local restaurants thats how at home we felt!   *Bonus star* The shower head is amazing lol it has a mist setting and it was the most relaxing thing in the world! Obviously I would definitely recommend Aarons place and look forward to staying again when we are in town.  I have nothing but great things to say about Aarons place. It was really clean and looks just like the pictures. Its a nice size apartment being in harlem and we didnt have any problems finding a parking spot. Aaron was very helpful and responded really quick. I would definitely recommend her place to every one and will be visiting again in the near future. Great place to stay. Apartment is better in person. Great area and close to the train station. Shirt drive from downtown. Loved it Great place Photos are very accurate which made me feel safe in my decision. He was flexible with the checkin which was much appreciated. Great space. Better than the average for NYC Good location in walking distance to subway and Central Park. Aaron was a great host place was really clean. He is also flexible for checking which was great for us. Great host!  A+++ and would rent from again! The place is as pictured and close to public transit. Aaron was very accommodating during our stay and easy to communicate with. Pictures very accurate. Beautiful apartment Great place to stay with accurate descriptions. Safety: stayed here with my wife and we felt very safe all the time Transportation: two blocks from the nearest station.  Cleanliness: clean and a well maintained place.	1
598	"Lappartamento è gradevolissimo, attrezzato e luminoso. Lospitalità dei proprietari a dir poco deliziosa e discreta dalla bottiglia di vino allaccoglienza al passaggio con la loro macchina privata al momento della partenza. La posizione nel quartiere è comodissima, strada tranquilla, ma a due passi ottimi ristoranti e supermercati, vicina anche la metropolitana (diretta per Manhattan), vicinissimi i bus per i movimenti nel quartiere. A 10 minuti a piedi uno splendido parco (Prospect Park), vicini anche il museo di Brooklyn e lOrto Botanico. La 7a Av. con cui incrocia la strada dellappartamento è una strada commerciale in cui si può trovare qualsiasi cosa necessiti. Una eccellente esperienza che ripercorrò con piacere. A great apartment in a lovely neighbourhood. The building is a classic Brownstone in a quiet and peaceful location, but very close to restaurants, bars and shops, The apartment itself was perfect for us with just the right amount of space for two. The bedroom is beautifully light at the back of the house (with access to the garden) and has a good sized bathroom with great shower! The kitchen area is small but perfectly formed and the whole place was very clean. Roslyn and Rodney were perfect hosts; very friendly, welcoming, helpful, and on hand (right upstairs!) if we needed anything. I highly recommend their apartment.   The apartment in Park Slope was everything it promised to be. Roslyn was an excellent host and answered all our prior questions speedily. The apartment is in a good location in a pleasant area with shops and restaurants just a block away.  The apartment is stylish, colorful and very comfortable.  The location in Park Slope is ideal for getting the most out of Brooklyn and an easy walk to transportation.  The hosts were gracious, friendly and helpful.  I recommend them highly!  Our experience exceeded our expectations.  The apartment was bright and comfortable and our hosts went out of their way to be gracious.  We were within easy walking distance for great shopping, restaurants, and the park.  We will definitely be back. Garden view apartment had all necessary appointments. Bedroom had good lighting and bed.  Living room-kitchenette had day bed instead of couch.  No TV which was fine for us.  Great location in Park Slope.  Hosts were very welcoming and easy going-allowed us to check out late.  No AC but fans worked well during the mild weather we enjoyed.  Not luxurious but very clean.   We enjoyed our stay at Roslyn and Rodneys Garden Apartment.  It was very clean and everything we needed was convenient.  We were visiting our new grandson so we were not at the apartment  for any long period of time except for sleeping.  They were helpful  hosts and assured us if we had any questions or needed anything to let them know.  The neighborhood had some handy cafes on 7th Avenue and was very handy to the subway.  We would stay there again.  Even if we arrived there late in the evening we felt very safe walking the neighborhood. Roslyn & Rodney are great hosts, great location, clean unit with amenities that made for a comfortable stay. Thank you Roslyn & Rodney  Tina & Bob We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at this garden apartment at Park Slope hosted by Roslyn.  The location was excellent.  It was 4 blocks from the metro and half a block from great restaurants and green grocers.  The apartment was very comfortable and clean and had all the amenities we required.  It was helpful to have a fridge and stove for light cooking.  The hosts were very helpful and friendly and provided us with any information we needed.  The car service (Legends) they recommended was very reliable and got us to JFK well before our departure time.  We would not hesitate to stay at this lovely apartment on our next trip to Brooklyn and would highly recommend this accommodation to anyone who is looking for Brooklyn accommodation.  Thanks, Roslyn!   Roslyn was very responsive to our initial enquiries and in subsequent correspondence. Thereafter we did not have much interaction with her as she was out of town; that was OK by us as we were visiting our son and daughter-in-law. The apartment is in a great  location in a suburban area with many shops and restaurants just a few blocks away and the area appeared to be safe. The subway is about three or four blocks away. Very clean apartment with all the facilities you might need for a short stay. Our experience with Legends Car Service was not a happy one as they were 25 minutes late after we had made two calls. Would stay there again. We had a great time in this cute apt. It is in a great location in beautiful Park Slope --  especially for our toddler and baby - and we felt very much at home.  Kitchen is basic but just fine as the neighbourhood has many great affordable take-away food options and some beautiful restaurants. The garden is great  - and we would have used it more  if the weather was warmer. The hosts provide all essentials and more such as quality toiletries, extra blankets, toys, books and a heater. We would be very happy to return to this kind of warm, old- fashioned and welcoming hospitality.   Roslyns apartment was in a perfect location - close to the subway and to many restaurants/cafes/bars. The apartment was more than big enough for 2 adults and very clean. Roslyn was very friendly and more than accommodating throughout our entire stay. If I moved back to Brooklyn I would beg Roslyn to let me rent this place permanently, but I guess Ill just have to settle for trying to stay here the next time Im in town.  This is a great ground floor apartment.  My husband and I stayed here with our 9 month old baby while we were visiting friends in the neighborhood.  It was very convenient to get the stroller in and out of the apartment, and there was the perfect place to keep the stroller inside so we didnt have to fold it up.  Sound carried a little so I felt bad every time my baby cried, but youll have that anywhere you stay.  The apartment had everything we needed for our three day trip (I was thankful for the hair dryer!); it was very useful to have the kitchen.  Note there is no microwave which didnt matter to us.  Roslyn was so pleasant and easy to work with -  I felt like Id known her for a long time! We were so thankful to have the extra space for our family (infinitely better than a hotel room).  We were there in December so we didnt use the backyard, but it looked lovely.   We stayed for over 3 weeks in Roslyns wonderful apartment. The apartment is bright and cheery and well fitted out with everything we needed for our stay. It is well maintained and was spotlessly clean on our arrival (and hopefully departure!). The garden leading directly off our bedroom was just coming into spring bloom and delightful. Our 2 young grandchildren stayed over occasionally and were very cozy and comfortable on the day bed and air mattress in the front room.  The location is outstanding, very close to subway and bus transportation and an endless variety of chic shops, coffee bars and restaurants.  Roslyn and Rodney, who live in an upstairs apartment, were wonderful hosts - friendly and obliging without being obtrusive. A welcome package, including a bottle of wine awaited us on our arrival.  A highly recommended venue - we hope to be back again many times in the future. very cute and comfortable clean place! great location. going to use it again when in the area. We had a very nice time at Roslyns garden apartment.  The garden area is a real plus, and the kitchenette perfect for some breakfast before a busy day in the city.  The bathroom was really nice, bed very comfortable.  Roslyn was gracious and attentive.  Enjoyed our stay.   My stay at Roslyns place was lovely. It was my first Airbnb experience, and it was so pleasant, easy, and comfortable. The apartment has a pretty garden, with peonies blooming,and the bedroom looks o to the leafy garden   It was totally private, but Roslyn was very quick to reply to queries if needed. Wo derful neighborhood, andcizy, great apartment with lots of thoughtful touches. Very good experience all around. Good value. Nice apartment. Friendly hosts although we did not meet them.. Roslyn apartment is really cozy, comfortable and practical.     I know the neighborhood already, and the apt is in such in a perfect spot, between good restaurants and cafe, groceries, subway stops, and the gorgeous Prospect Park.     Roslyn was a great host. I had trouble in getting in New York. I arrived several hours later of what I planned, but we arranged to get the keys pretty easily through her cleaning lady.     I definitely highly suggested, and I will keep it in mind for the future! This was SUCH a great first Airbnb experience. Roslyn was so quick to respond to emails, and such a nice person to deal with. She was flexible about check in and check out times, and the apartment itself was wonderful. It was sparkling clean with lots of amenities and a great location and such a beautiful garden. We would definitely stay there again. Thanks Roslyn for such a great stay. Roslyn was a great host, and my grandparents just loved the apartment.  We will for sure encourage our friends and family to stay in her place when they come to town! I loved everything about this place! Especially the proximity to Prospect Park, the amount of space, the hospitality, the colors, the garden, the childrens books available - this place was perfect for my husband and 2 1/2 year old. Roslyn was a great host and Ill for sure be back.   We had a lovely 3-night stay in Roslyn and Rodneys Garden Apartment in Park Slope. The apartment is quiet, bright, clean, and very well maintained, with a beautiful back yard garden.  It is located within walking distance to great shopping, fabulous restaurants, and beautiful Prospect Park, and is in an area thats completely comfortable to walk around in day or night (and we did!)  Roslyn was accommodating and most responsive to any and all emails and texts from our initial inquiry through to the end of our stay--welcoming and available without being the least bit intrusive.   We  can definitely recommend both this apartment and its hosts to anyone wanting to stay in the Park Slope/Windsor Terrace area of Brooklyn. Lappartamento era veramente grazioso, funzionale e ben arredato, il bagno era anche spazioso e con tutto il necessario. Situato in una zona veramente tranquilla e ricca di servizi. Rosly è stata molto gentile e disponibile. Purtroppo però noi non siamo abituati alle case in legno ed abbiamo avuto grossi problemi nel riposare perché trovandoci nel piano inferiore sentivamo tutti i rumori che generavano nella loro vita quotidiana i proprietari quasi come fossero nella stessa casa (rumori dei passi, feste, elettrodomestici, vociare quotidiano) dalle 7,00 di mattina fino a sera tardi. Quindi se siete europei vi consiglio di evitare i piani bassi. Roslyn and Rodney gave us the possibility to live in Brooklyn not as “guests” but as “neighbours” and that was the greatest way for us to stay so long in New York. We would definitely stay there again. Thanks both for such a nice experience. Roslyn y Rodney fueron unos anfitriones excepcionales. Siempre atentos a nuestras necesidades respetando nuestra privacidad. El lugar es  muy cómodo, limpísimo y el barrio lindísimo. Lo súper recomiendo.     Roslyn and Rodney were excellent hosts, they made us feel very comfortable, like home. The place is in a beautiful neighborhood, the apartment is very lovely, right size, super clean. I would definitely go back to the same place.  Great folks. Welcome wine and cheese. They live right upstairs so great communication. Location was perfect for us.   Comfy bed and strong wifi. No tv though. Clean and quiet for an NYC apt.   Would certainly  stay again.  We loved staying in Roslyns well-appointed garden apartment!  The apartment had great proximity to Prospect Park, wonderful resteraunts, and the F train. Roslyn was great to work with and made us feel very welcome.  It was a lovely airbnb experience! Roslyn was there to greet us with a smile and keys! There was fresh fruit in the kitchen and the apartment was darling! We were there for a short stay and met friends there so didnt really use the space the apartment affords. I could have easily stayed a month! Park Slope is a nice neighborhood with interesting architecture and lots of small shops. Its much quieter and calmer than Manhattan and it was nice to return ""home"" there for the evenings and mornings. Roslyn was incredibly friendly and helpful. From suggestions for restaurants to ensuring we had what we needed, everything was looked after.     Her space was exceptionally clean and looked like what we saw in the images. It was larger than what we expected and the outdoor space out back is just beautiful.     The neighbourhood is a lot of fun. Be sure to find a few hours to explore Prospect Park. Finding the 100-year-old merry-go-round tucked away in the park was one of our favourite moments of the trip.  We had a great time in the apartment of Roslyn. It is a nice cosy apartment, super clean! We were surprised by finding fruit, cheese and a bottle of wine when we cam into the apartment. The kitchen is minimal, but good for little use. A suggestion: it would be nice to have small microwave to use, when coming down from the deli with some food to heat it up. The 10 days we spent there were unforgettable! Thank you Roslyn and Rodney (also for the delicious cake you baked!). Roslyn has an above average apartment. We stay in many Paark Slope rentals and she is at the top. Very clean, well provisioned and spacious for NYC. Roslyn is a warm welcoming person you will find delightful. Lovely garden apartment, just as described. Roslyn was waiting for me when arrived, then messaged me to be sure accommodations were fine. Walking distance to plenty of Park Slope highlights, including Sunday night trivia at the Skylark. A great location in Park Slope with gracious hosts. The apartment is spacious, nicely equipped and quiet.  The owners had thoughtfully left a bottle of sparking wine as we were visiting our new born grandson.  Highly recommend this listing I booked Roslyns apartment for my visiting mother and sister-in-law. Roslyn was a very welcoming host and my family appreciated her hospitality. The apartment was true to the pictures and was very clean and spacious. The location is also wonderful - on a quiet residential street that is close to the restaurants and shops on 7th Avenue. I would definitely book this apartment again for visiting family. The apartment is in a great location, right next to Prospect Park and within blocks of the many restaurants & shops that Park Slope has to offer.    Roslyns apartment was clean and comfortable, and she was an excellent host, both communicative and accommodating.  such a comfortable, neat, and very clean place! great hosts and great location. even coffee, tea and snacks were provided. thank you Roslyn! Great location.  Apartment is nicely equipped and has a very nice outdoor space. Great location and generous hosts. Clean, comfortable. Thank you, Roslyn! Will definitely recommend to anyone staying in Brooklyn. We had the perfect combination of a great Park Slope location, congenial living space, and responsive, welcoming hosts. We used abundant and nearby public transport to go everywhere, at all hours, from Manhattan to JFK.  All in all, the excellent long weekend stay in Brooklyn we that we experienced was largely the result of staying in this garden townhouse apartment.  Highly recommend. The apartment is spacious, functional and clean, the bathroom has a large shower with everything you need. The location is excellent within easy access to subway, shops, restaurants and bars of Park Slope. Although Roslyn was out of town on our arrival entry to the apartment went without a hitch. Roslyn and Rodney are friendly and helpful.   This was a fabulous place to stay! Great location, close to shopping, great restaurants Prospect Park and subway  The space itself exceeded my expectations - separate sleeping areas, a beautiful garden, and quiet neighborhood. We didnt cook but the kitchen looks more than adequate for preparing simple meals.  Roslyn was a wonderful host -  helpful but not hovering.  She even found and sent back a pair of eyeglasses I left behind. This apartment is a gem - I hope its available for our next trip to Brooklyn! Very pleasant accommodations, two rooms for sleeping, and unusually well equipped with all the supplies you need to enjoy a stay, plus a computer ready and waiting and a lovely backyard beneath a shade tree. Roslyn is friendly and outgoing, which is always welcome in a new situation. And the neighborhood is delightful. This is a four-star set-up.  We had such a relaxing stay! Roslyn was a great hostess and checked in on us from time to time to ensure we comfortable. The kitchen and bathroom were stocked with everything we needed (coffee, tea, fruit, towels, soap & shampoo), and the bedroom was quiet and comfy. Terrific location only half a block to 7th Ave with its abundant restaurants and shops. Fonda and Bagel Hole are musts! We loved our little apartment.  It was very homey, comfortable, so much better then a hotel room. It was great that after a long day of sightseeing my son and I could go ""home"" and retreat to our separate rooms.  Roslyn and her husband are really nice people.  They were both there when my 15 y.o. and I arrived.  Roslyn gave us a quick tour and made sure I knew how to use the French Press for my coffee (I didnt).  Fruit and KIND bars were on the table.  During our week stay Roslyn checked in periodically by texting, and I felt very comfortable texting her with any questions. The Park Slope neighborhood was the perfect retreat from Manhattan.  I recommend it! It was a positive first Airbnb experience. Roslyn made us very welcome in this delightful part of Park Slope. She and Rodney were warm and helpful hosts while respecting our privacy and space e.g. during very hot weather they checked on our comfort level. We stayed in Brooklyn to be near our family and this apartment facilitated happy visits and sleep overs with our two young grandsons.   The apartment is exactly as described and has a friendly, homely feel while being very clean and well presented.  Roslyn and Rodney made reliable recommendations about local services and activities. We look forward to a return visit.  This garden apartment was the ideal place for us - plenty of room for my daughter and I, clean with a very nice bathroom (and super lovely garden).  Love the neighborhood - lots of good restaurants, a brewery and a movie theatre - so convenient!  The park is very nearby and it is a beautiful place to go walking (there is also ice skating in the winter!).  Easy to catch the subway and be in the city in no time.  Roslyn was very attentive and friendly so we felt very welcome.  One thing I missed in the apartment was a microwave - that would have been very convenient for heating up food and drinks instead of using the oven or stove.  Overall we were very happy with the accommodations and would highly recommend this apartment. Roslyn and Rodney were there when needed but otherwise respected our privacy.  We very much enjoyed our stay there.  Roslyn made me and my boyfriend feel very welcomed.  She let us keep our bags at her place when we first arrived as the apartment was being cleaned.  The home is in a great location.  It had everything we needed and more.  Very easy to walk to shops and restaurants.  It was very private and a great size for two people.  I absolutely loved my stay and would consider booking again next time I travel to Brooklyn.   We had a great trip and felt quite comfortable at Roslyns. The space is very pleasant, comfortable, visually appealing and well equipped. The hosts were accessible. We especially liked the efficient and well appointed kitchen and bathroom, the shelves of books, a chess board and other games. We loved exploring the neighborhood. While we spent most of our time in Manhattan we enjoyed getting a sense of Brooklyn and were glad we chose to stay there. The space worked out very well for the three of us. We recommend the place and if our travels take us to Park Slope again wed love to stay here again.  Our stay at Roslyns adorable place was great. The apt was a perfect size for the two of us and in a great spot near Prospect park. We appreciated having the little kitchen, and spotless, quiet, comfortable place to stay while visiting in Brooklym.  We had a wonderful brief stay in this beautiful home and if you are visiting Brooklyn I would look no further!   Additionally, Roslyn is an extremely accommodating host.  This is a really nice apartment with a great location near the F/G trains and Prospect Park, not to mention countless bars, restaurants, and shops. Roslyn is a fantastic host - very kind and welcoming. Everything I needed was there. The apartment was very clean and up to date, which is not always the case with NYC apartments. Highly recommended on all counts.  Roslyns apartment was perfect for our needs. The location was excellent, giving us a wonderful taste of life in the beautiful Park Slope neighborhood, while conveniently located near the F train to Manhattan. The apartment is cute and was very spacious for the two of us. Roslyn is an accommodating host. She was easy to contact and kept in touch but also gave us all the privacy we wanted. She offered excellent advice on getting around Brooklyn and Manhattan plus suggestions for restaurants to try. I will definitely stay here the next time I travel to New York. My girlfriend and I spent the weekend at Roslyns apartment in an effort to get to know Park Slope and, to sum things up, it was fantastic.  The apartment itself is very colorful, cheerful, and inviting – we immediately fell in love with its style. The seating and beds are quite comfortable, the bathroom is fantastic, its super quiet, and the garden in the back is a great sight to wake up to each morning. On top of that, its located on a wonderful, tree-lined street thats close to all Park Slope has to offer and only a few blocks away from the subway.  As for Roslyn herself, she was kind, welcoming, respectful, accommodating, and easily-accessible – or, in other words, everything you could ask for from a host. Upon our arrival, she greeted us with her friendly poodle and gave us a quick rundown of the apartment. After that, she checked-in periodically via text but otherwise respected our privacy. She was, however, more than happy to answer any questions we had and provide us with recommendations.  All in all, Id absolutely recommend staying here and cant wait to visit again soon. Roslyn was very welcoming and the apartment is exactly what you see in the post. It was clean and comfortable and a great place for my family to stay.  Roslyn was a lovely hostess. She warmly welcomed us when we arrived and responded quickly throughout our stay to texted questions. The apartment is spacious and cheerful and the location is fantastic. Quiet, tree-lined street just around the corner from restaurants, coffee shops and stores; and just a 5-minute walk to the F & G lines.   Roslyn was a very personable accommodating host.  The listing was accurate, the apartment is charming and comfortable.  A cute garden deck right outside the bedroom, a great bathroom, and, as an important plus for me, delicious coffee easy to make every morning!  The location is perfect,  beautiful safe neighborhood and close to my daughter and her family.  They visited my place and also loved it!  My 4 year old granddaughter was crazy about it too!   I highly recommend this place to anyone who wants a cozy home away from home. Thanks  to Roselyn and Rodney  who are very kind and welcoming   The appartment is charming , very comfortable ; it is quiet and convenient ; the bed is perfect and the bathroom so pretty   Its location in Brooklyn is perfect ( restaurants  , shops and quiet street and neighborood )  Excellent holidays   Highly recommend   The apartment is in a great location, with easy access to public transit. Within walking distance of Prospect Park, The Brooklyn Museum, and many good restaurants.    Roslyn provided lots of great suggestions for things to do in the neighborhood, and even helped us find a florist for my sons wedding. She was very accommodating for any of our needs. This apartment is amazing, it is very comfortable and cozy. The host, Roslyn is a great person, she helped us with everything we asked. I can only recommend this apartment to everyone, who is planning to stay in New York! I reserved Roslyns lovely apartment for my parents stay in Brooklyn because my own apartment is too small to host them for more than a night. Roslyn was very welcoming and friendly for my parents visit. They have not visited NYC for many, many years, and they were thrilled to have such a lovely, peaceful, comfortable apartment only a block from Park Slopes main avenue, with all the restaurants and shops. (And I only live a block from Roslyns place, so it was perfect.) I highly recommend Roslyns place. Roslyn’s place is great. It’s a clean, quiet, and private place to stay - perfect after long days of exploring the city. The apartment a very easy walk to the F and G. Roslyn is very communicative and accommodating. I would definitely stay here again. Spacious garden apartment on a quiet residential street. This was a repeat stay for us and we have already booked it again. Roslyn offered her apartment in short notice and was kind and hospitable. The apartment is clean and spacious and there is a lovely garden in the back. And its located in the heart of Park Slope with shops and restaurants at the corner and the subway just a few blocks away.  We were welcomed warmly and given a tour of the apartment. Everything was ready for us to enjoy our stay. Great place off of 7th in Brooklyn. Super family friendly. 5 minute walk to the F and G trains.  We have stayed here before and come back when it is available on our frequent tips to visit our children. This apartment is more spacious than it seems in the pictures. It was clean and cute and we loved the neighborhood. We would definitely stay there again. I highly recommend it.  Roslyn is an attentive and welcoming host. Her place is very cosy and located in the heart of Park Slope. We couldnt have asked for a better stay.  We stayed here for a month and it was lovely. Its spacious and the garden is beautiful. We were there in April just as everything was blooming. Its in a really easy location, very convenient walk to stores, restaurants, and the subway. Roslyn and Rodney were easy to communicate with and made sure we were comfortable and had everything we needed for our one month stay. We really cant thank them enough! We so enjoyed staying at Roslyns garden apartment on our trip to NYC.  Roslyn was a great hostess.   It is in a great ParkSlope location close to restaurants, subway and Prospect Park.  It was large, clean and quiet.  She even had my favorite organic soap.  Wed definitely stay there again Roslyn is wonderful! The location is easy access to restaurants and transportation, and on a very quiet block for a good nights rest. The back garden is charming and the kitchen has just the right amenities to enjoy staying in. This apartment is perfect for parents visiting from out of town. We will definitely book here again! A very convenient, quiet and broad apartment, very useful for work (reading, writing, studying), too. Lots of very good restaurants and cafés nearby. You need a bit time to get to Manhattan but the neighbourhood in Brooklyn is very pleasant and interesting too. Roslyn is always prepared to help you if there are any qustions or problems. Roslyn was a great host; responsive but not intrusive; left a snack in the room; kept some possessions safe for me that I left behind.  Nice place, spacious, easy to access, great access to garden and stocked with toiletries and things to use.  A front sitting room conducive to lounging or sleeping (with an extra mattress just in case); a separate and private bedroom; back door to a beautiful and relaxing retreat. Great choice! Roslyns place was just lovely! A hidden little gem in the heart of Park Slope.  We chose this listing due to the proximity to my South Slope-based sister as well as to all of the great attractions of the area (easy walking distance to Prospect Park, the great eats and shops on 6th and 7th avenues, and the F subway line). We were not disappointed! Roslyn, Rodney, and Oliver (the propertys sweet and regal poodle) were kind and hospitable hosts who went above and beyond to ensure our comfort and needs. The apartment has many homey touches such as bookshelves replete with books and board games as well as colorful and tasteful decor. The dwelling also has a comfortable and updated bathroom as well as full access to a beautiful backyard that provides shade, a hammock, and unusual quiet amid the metropolis. We were traveling with our 20 month old toddler and appreciated the convenient garden level entrance as well as the warmth conveyed by our hosts. We will definitely return!     This apartment was ideally situated for my needs in Brooklyn, located very close to my son whom I was visiting. The facility was clean and nicely appointed, and secure. Ceiling fans in the rooms assisted nicely in keeping it cool even without air-conditioning. Lovely stay and am sorry that I might not use again only because my son will be moving next month. Otherwise I would possibly make this an annual trip! Well worth it. Roslyn was a warm and friendly host. I stayed at her place with my 6 year old, who loved the back garden with the secret spot under the trees. Incredibly close to food and  transportation and an easy walk/bike to the park. This was perfect for our visiting grandparents. It was neat, well-appointed, and in a very convenient location. Well be back! This is, hands down, one of the best AirBNBs weve visited. Spacious, immaculately clean, colorful, great shower and pillows, and thoughtful: a hair dryer, an iron, a French press, everything we needed. The location is ideal, steps from top-notch food (which seems to be most food in Brooklyn), Prospect Park, and more, while located on a very quiet street. Roslyn is a terrific host, communicative and checking in to make sure wed gotten in OK. Well be back! Perfect place for our family of 3 to return to Brooklyn for a week. Roslyns apartment is exactly as shown & described, had everything we needed, and is in a really nice spot for the park, for bars & restaurants, and to easily get to other neighborhoods. Communication with Roslyn was extremely easy and a pleasure. Would definitely stay here again. Lovely little apartment in a v family friendly and safe neighbourhood - we felt right at home. The apartment is 5 mins walk from the gorgeous prospect park and if you’re travelling with children then there are lots of family friendly places and activities to do nearby.  There are cafes, bars and restaurants locally too as well as some general shops to browse.   Roslyn & Rodney were helpful and super nice, especially when we were silly enough to lose a bag in a taxi. They were right on the case helping us successfully track it down.  The journey to Manhatten is 30-45 mins depending on where you’re headed, easy enough on the F train.   Would deffo recommend staying here. I stayed here for a long weekend with my 8-month-old baby. It was such a comfortable, welcoming place to stay. Roslyn and Rodney were so accommodating. I hope I get the chance to come back someday! Roslyn was very welcoming and I totally appreciated her flexibility re check in and check out times.  The bed was fantastic, unusual in most rentals and the bathoom and shower were great.  There is also a lovely garden.  The main problem for me was that my  phone had absolutely no reception in the apartment, in the garden and even right outside the house, so if you have At&t service you might also have a problem. Great location. Very hospitable host. Lovely flat ideally located in a leafy Brooklyn suburb, near transport links to all the New York sights. Hosts were very attentive and helpful. Amazing location close to the subway, great restaurants, coffee shops and the park. Perfect space for us with our two small Kids- loved all of the small touches that made it feel comfortable for us and having access to the garden space was great as well! Nice and clean! Good location right off 7th ave with lots of nice restaurants close by. Good size apartment and great if you have problems with stairs since it is located on the ground floor. Roslyn was a great host, greeted us even as we came in late at night. Also, she checked with us through out our stay that all was fine. This was a perfect place for our family of three. The apartment is spacious and comfortable and in a great neighborhood.  Short walk to the subway and to many good restaurants. We loved the little snacks and coffee supplies left for us, as well as the many books and games in the apartment. We also really appreciated the list of recommended neighborhood spots. The lovely back garden would have been a great amenity if it werent freezing cold the entire time we were there. A great place to stay in Brooklyn. Highly recommended."	1
599	Appartement très bien situé à quelques minutes du métro qui vous mènera à Coney Island en 30 min et à Manhattan en 25 min. Le rue très calme se situe dans un quartier très animé avec des commerces et des restaurants. Lappartement est également à 1 minute de Prospect Park. Lappartement est grand, bien équipé car cest le logement dune famille. Le lit parental est très confortable, par contre le lit du canapé nest pas terrible, les enfants ont dormi directement sur le sofa. Cela ne les a pas gêné mais non adapté à des adultes. Lappartement est au rez de chaussée et il est très sombre, il faut mettre léclairage même en plein jour, cela est un perturbant. Nefasta experiencia ,al llegar al apartamento el sistema de apertura de la puerta no funcionaba y nadie nos abrió la puerta ni atendía al (Website hidden by Airbnb) pudimos acceder al apartamento por lo que no puedo evaluarlo.y he perdido parte de mi dinero sin haber podido dormir en él. Eso si el el edificio era desastroso, todo en mal estado y con muy mal olor.invito al propietario a que publique fotos del hall de acceso si cree que no es cierto lo que digo. Nunca recomendaría a nadie que fuera a este sitio sobre todo si vas con niños, barrio peligroso , varios chicos fumando marihuana en la puerta del edificio Josefine was great! Her place is in a great part of town right next to beautiful Prospect Park.  The communication was great with Josefine and she was really kind in working with a scenario we were in.  Great big spacious place too!  Thank you! A wonderful central place and a great host! We very much enjoyed our stay. Most recommend! Jesses place was great! She is an amazing host. Very prompt and quick. Her apartment was very clean and smelled great. I would definitely suggest it to anyone seeking to stay I Brooklyn! A very good value. Safe, secure, and a great Brooklyn location.	0
600	"Had a great time staying at Carmels place. Handy to several subway lines (A,B,C,D,1) and plenty of shops nearby. A few places we liked: Joe Coffee down at Columbia University (120th St), Jesus Tacos over the street, Dinosaur BBQ on 125th St and Jacobs soul food on Malcom X Blvd.    The place itself has a good sized, sunny room, comfortable bed with air conditioning and a bathroom next door only shared with one other housemate. There was good safe storage for our bikes. As with almost any place in the city, expect some traffic noise and sirens etc - if you are a light sleeper that might be an issue. My wife and I stayed here on a weekend to visit our new grandson (who lives with his parents in Harlem) and we couldnt have liked it more. Location was good (short walk to subway), the room was clean, and the house was quite attractive. Wed definitely stay here again and probably will. Thank you, Carmel!  Carmel was a fantastic host - flexible, open, and willing to accommodate even last minute changes. Her home is beautifully decorated and the space is HUGE (in NYC standards). The bedroom has enough extra space to even put a queen-sized air mattress on the floor, and the bed itself is probably one of the most comfortable beds Ive ever slept on! =) You will definitely get a good nights rest at Carmels place. The kitchen is well-stocked with anything you could ever need. . I seriously have no complaints about Carmels place - it was perfect - close to multiple metro lines and a variety of ethnic/hipster/American eating options close by.  Carmel is wonderful. Our daughter just moved to New York this past April after college graduation and this is the second time that my husband and I have gone together to visit her. The first time we stayed in Brooklyn and it was quite a subway ride. Carmels place is just two blocks and 2 stops away from our daughter. The apartment is beautiful and the bedroom and bathroom were nicely decorated. Her other housemate was gone for Thanksgiving so we had the bathroom to ourselves but Im sure it would not have been an issue sharing. The kitchen was accessible to us our entire stay and she made us feel welcome by letting us use the kitchen freely. I hope that Carmel will left us stay with her the next time my husband and I visit out daughter. Thank you again Carmel. Sherry and Steve Hall This was our first experience on airbnb and I was skeptical at first.  I was pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness of the house.  Our room was bright, sunny, and close to the very clean bathroom.  The house was quiet and you would never know you had other people in the house.  Carmel was awesome and even texted us in the morning that she had gone out and gotten us bagels for breakfast!  Our host even helped us with directions to local sights.    The location was great!  We were a short walk to the subway which took us about 15 mins. to get into Manhattan.  I will definitely rebook here next time I go to New York!! It was a great stay at Carmels place. It was very nice and comfortable!! :)  Carmel es una muy buena y amable anfitriona. Se preocupó de que estuvieramos cómodas en su casa y de tener productos para preparar en casa el desayuno. La casa estaba límpia y muy agradable. La habitación es muy amplia y luminosa. Como hacia calor nos trajo aire acondicionado. Muy servicial. El barrio es tranquilo. Hay mucho policia y nosotras no tuvimos ningún problema. El metro no está lejos y hay autobuses casi enfrente.  Nos sentimos muy agusto en su casa. I arranged my mothers stay at Carmels place. Right from the onset I found Carmel responsive and cooperative. My mother was extremely happy with Carmels place bith in terms of the room as well as its location and found her host to be a delight to stay with. I will definitely reconsider booking Carmels place in the future Carmels apartment is beautifully furnished and wonderfully clean, as you can tell from the photos. We really enjoyed our stay and Carmel did everything she could to make sure we were happy. If we had any questions or worries she was quick to get in touch or solve the problem.    We felt we had a lot of privacy, as we actually only met Carmel once during the week, and never saw or heard the other housemate. We essentially had a lovely bathroom to ourselves.    The room was bright and clean, and large enough for our bags. We found the desk very useful for planning our NYC days, and the closet big enough for all our clothes.    We would really recommend Carmels place. It was clean, bright, peaceful, spacious, and beautifully decorated. And great value too!     Carmels property is great, easy access to public transportation and very clean. I would go back anytime...    The space is absolutely beautiful and very comfortable. I adore that dining table. Kitchen was stocked with plenty and was always kept clean. Do your part to make sure its clean too! It was great having breakfast and doing housing research on it. Exactly how it looks in the pictures.     The bedroom was also equally great.  The desk inside provided plenty of space to do work.  More than enough storage space for your belongings and suitcases.  The bed is AMAZING! The shared bathroom is very clean with a nice shower.  Didnt see the other housemate at all, so it was like having it all to ourselves.  Fair warning- its on the third floor of a walk up.  Beware if you have heavy bags! ;)    The neighborhood of West Harlem was easy to travel when we needed to go to either of the subway stations at 125th (1 or A-B-C-D trains). Be sure to buddy up and be aware of your surrounds. Had zero issues traveling from the station to the apartment while we were there.     Carmel is a gracious host!! She very quickly made you feel at home and answered all of our questions very quickly. One thing in particular that struck me about her, was that she was genuinely in our interactions.  She asked about how our search for housing was and left a great impression on me.  I wish we had more time to talk, but for the most part didnt cross paths during our stay.  Nonetheless we felt welcome every time stepping in.     I highly recommend staying at Carmels space!! Thanks so much!! Hopefully catch you at a musical sometime soon! ;)     Carmel est très avenante et attentionnée. La chambre et lappartement sont très propres et décorés avec beaucoup de goût. Notre hôte nous a préparé tout le nécessaire pour le petit déjeuner. Bref, merci pour tout Carmel. Nous reviendrons avec grand plaisir. Very nice place with nearly ""exclusive"" bathroom, well-equipped kitchen and cozy living room with a lot of decorations of varied cultures. A lot of sunshine in the yellow bedroom on the third floor. 3 blocks away from Hudson River shore, nice for running in the morning.  Carmels home was as lovely as pictured and she was as gracious as described by other folks. Her place was impeccably clean, bright and organized. Location was very convenient for getting around town. We come to NY regularly and would definitely try to stay at Carmels in the future.  Les photos de lappartement et de la chambre sont fidèles a la réalité.  La chambre est spacieuse et agréable, le lit est confortable. Vraiment dommage quil faille cohabiter avec le vacarme quasi incessant du radiateur, de jour comme de nuit.  Lappartement se trouve à quelques minutes à pied de larrêt de métro et un bus passe juste devant.  Carmel est une hote attentionnée et serviable. Tout le nécessaire était préparé à la cuisine pour le petit déjeuner et les serviettes de bain étaient prêtes dans la chambre. Durant son absence elle prenait des nouvelles et restait joignable par téléphone/e-mail.  Merci pour tout Carmel.  Carol Stayed here for a week and it was very comfortable.  Carmel was super nice - she welcomed me and showed me the place (even though I arrived at 1am).  The house was pretty quiet and you almost never see the other tenants so it feels very private.  The room was spacious and the bathroom was pretty much a private one for your use. The house is conveniently located close to subway lines and a 10-minute walk from the Columbia University area with lots of cute restaurants.    Our stay was wonderful, Carmel is a very nice host and the bedroom and the apartment are very confortable. There are lots of subway stations nearby so it was easy going about anywhere in Manhattan and Brooklyn.  Although the hostess was away due to extenuating circumstances she promptly responded to questions we had and made sure we had everything we needed.     When we met the Carmel she was very friendly and gave lots of advice on things to do and places to check out.    The listing was mostly accurate: the room was clean and had towels and some toiletries were provided and the A/C worked but was noisy. However, breakfast was not provided as listed,      The area was close to a subway stop which was convenient, but keep in mind that it takes roughly 40 minutes to get to Lower Manhattan. Its about a 10 minute walk to the Apollo Theatre and central Harlem attractions.  The room was lovely and spacious like the pictures shown and close to public transport. Carmel is lovely, friendly and very helpful. My only criticism is it could have been cleaner.  Thank you so much for the stay. Carmel was a lovely host! My sister and I both stayed at her apartment for a total of 7 days and we had an amazing trip! Carmel was very responsive to our texts/emails/calls and very flexible. This was our first time using AIRBNB and so we had no idea what we were getting ourselves into, but Carmel and her apartment made it an awesome experience! Our flight was delayed upon arrival and our check-in time was initially around 4PM, but we arrived at around 10PM and she greeted us at her door and gave a little orientation/welcoming tour of her home. Her apartment is GREAT! Located just 6 minutes away from 3 main stations (very easy to find) and a lot of 24 hour stores/restaurants nearby. The room we stayed in was lovely, it was the perfect size and her living room is exactly as portrayed in the pictures! Carmel was busy with other travels, thus we barely got to see her but that was fine since my sister and I were never really home either. Overall, if I were to travel to NYC again, I would definitely stay at Carmels apartment again! We had an amazing experience! Thank you so so much for being so flexible Carmel and letting us stay at your lovely apartment! Fue una experiencia fantástica. Nos sentimos bienvenidos desde el primer momento. El barrio es muy práctico para las compras diarias y también para el transporte hacia las principales atracciones de la ciudad. Estuvimos muy bien en casa de Carmel!!  El barrio es muy tranquilo y la casa muy bonita. Las fotos corresponden a la realidad.  A Carmel la vimos la noche antes de irnos por primera vez y pudios charlar con ella. Es muy agradable y fue muy amable con nosotros.     Es la primera vez que usamos ABNB y la experiencia ha sido muy positiva  la verdad. Repetía seguro tanto NY como casa de Carmel ;) Es una buena opción a los hoteles, da mucha libertad y puedes desayunar, comer y cenar como te apetece e ahorrar un poco. I like her house. It is very convenient to the central in Manhattan. It is so good stay  Carmel was an amazing host!! Wuick to respond and always there with suggestions!! Loved her home and clean and easy access to subway!!! Very affordable for NYC. Its a def recommend:) Carmels place was nicely decorated, super spacious and clean. Was located in a safe, central location close to the subway station Carmel is an awesome host! I’ve stayed with her twice and both times were great experiences. She was kind, responsive and available to help if needed."	1
601	Lola (my puppy) and I loved staying here - in fact we ended up extending our stay to almost three weeks. They apartment is comfortable and well-equipped - it felt like home. The neighbours were lovely (I locked myself out once!) and the neighbour is quaint - with plenty of local coffee places, restaurants and shops (and even a community garden). Either side of the apartment are two subway stations - so a variety of choice for getting around - you can get to Midtown within 20 mins and Downtown within 30 minutes. Honestly we were sad to leave, and plan to come back in a few weeks for another long stay. Thanks for having us Glenn!  This was a last minute reservation and Glenn made everything easy!  Thank you! The studio is MORE than we expected! Very cozy, comfortable and clean. All equipment working well, the internet is very good. The neighborhood is great. There are many restaurants, bars, pharmacies, and supermarkets. Glenn is very kind, responsive and supportive. All you need is just relax and enjoy your trip. Thank you, Glenn! Our stay was generally ok. Glen was nice and available whenever we needed him. I just think the value for money was not that great due to the fact that the flat is not very close to the center. Other than that i enjoyed my stay. Thank you. We had a wonderful time at Glenns. Its quiet, cozy and great to chill and rest after those long days in NYC.  Plus Glenn was very kind, easy to communicate with and open for recommendations. There were flies in my room throughout my stay.  The furniture was old and some of it was broken.  There was no AC or Wifi. Our original air bnb cancelled on us a couple of days before we flew out- Glenn saved the trip! Thanks for taking us in so last minute! The apartment is very close to the subway, a coffee shop, a fun bar, and numerous food places. We only stayed three nights, but we were able to see everything easily because of the proximity to public transit. It’s about an hour and a half away from JFK.   The neighborhood felt very safe the entire time. The studio itself was awesome for being in such an old building. It was private and clean. Glenn is very responsive with his messages and super helpful if you have any questions. Very happy with this stay! I had a 10-day stay, with my daughter staying with me for a portion while on university break, and it was perfect. I hope to stay again. We loved Hamilton Heights, and there’s a fabulous coffee shop and other neighborhood commercial a half block away. Subway stations for multiple routes are within 5 minute walking distance. Make sure to visit Hamton’s House and the.Morris Jumel Mansion. The path along Hudson is great for tuning and walking. One more thing - the studio is extremely quiet, and two big windows look put into giant trees.	0
602	"The room is so cozy, comfortable and spacious. I and my friends had a great vacation in NYC. The hosts were fantastic and super helpful. The neighborhood was full of delicious Caribbean food, especially if youre into jerk chicken.  The apartment was larger than expected for being a one bedroom, and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Also, the amount of plants in the apartment made the apartment feel alive. The host canceled this reservation 18 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. We stayed at Yeelen and Jazmins place for three weeks.  Yeelen was very easy to deal with and provided detailed instructions for keys, etc. which were easy to pick up.  We had the sense that we were welcome in the apartment and felt free to use anything in it (we especially liked the projector which made tv/movie viewing extra fun).    The apartment was creatively decorated with bright colours and amazing masks, and had a fun vibe.  The neighbourhood has a lot of Caribbean flavour.  We did find that the photos made the apartment look nicer than it was, as it seemed more like a student apartment than a fully furnished, fully equipped home.  The king-size mattress on the bed was comfortable though.  We stayed there in July which was swelteringly hot, and with no AC in the apartment there were a couple of nights when it was hard to sleep.  There were large fans provided.  Whether it would bother you or not depends on how much you like/dislike the heat.   The apartment was conveniently close to the subway and buses and you could make it to the city or the beach in under an hour.   The apartment was eclectic and just as pictured. Although theres no A/C, there are fans. The place was really great to stay at and had a lot of space for guests. Would recommend! Hosts seemed a bit unorganized  because we did not receive  all the info about entering the place but it was quickly resolved and we didnt wait too long. She was very nice and apologetic for the mix up. The ""pullout"" couch was really just a sofa with an ottoman attached to it. The apartment was very clean and tidy. I loved the artwork on the walls and they offered us use of their art supplies which is awesome. The building is a bit old but i liked the neighborhood. Lots of culture, lots of good Caribbean food. They only gave us one set of keys with 4 people staying in the place. It definitely created an issue because we were on different schedules. The projection screen was really cool so i suggest bringing your laptop. The host canceled this reservation 33 days before arrival. This is an automated posting."	0
603	Thanks Thomas for being great host. Lovely apt, nice and clean, and the place is very private. I highly recommend this place !  Thomas and Cindy were very accommodating, Location was great and apartment was beautiful! Check in process was easy and its very private.   Id stay here over most  hotels in queens any day! :-) Had a great stay at Thomas’ place. The space was awesome and it is definitely a place I would revisit. There was a fair amount of inside that could be heard from upstairs, other than that a flawless stay! Excellent. Clean, warm, welcome. Snacks, coffee and water available. Comfortable bedding. Nicely decorated I have stayed at Thomas and Cindys home a number of times . They are great and very accommodating host ! I have stayed here many times because the  location is safe, quiet and affordable. Also the bed is super comfy ! I would recommend their home without hesitation!  Thanks again Thomas and Cindy Excellent basement apt. We had a good stay here. The room is a fairly large basement apartment with a comfortable bed, sofa and chairs, big TV, and a modern bath. Amenities also include mini fridge, microwave, water and some snacks. It was easy to find parking on the street right outside the door. The location was convenient for us because we were visiting family in Queens. Its just 3 blocks south to a Q46 bus stop on Union Turnpike, which takes you to the F Line subway train to Manhattan. Plan on an hour each way getting to Manhattan. Many local eateries and a grocery store are in walking distance of the apartment. Neighborhood is clean and safe.  Note 1 - Metro buses do NOT take cash and they dont have the ability to load up an empty metro card. Get a metro card at the airport, train station, or gas station before you plan to take any bus.  Note 2 - The steps leading down to the basement apartment are extremely steep and narrow, and there is no handrail. Also, you have to step over a metal frame before you step down onto the stairs so its a treacherous balancing act. We are an older couple, not so agile, and we had to lean our hands against the concrete wall and go down the steps sideways, one step at a time, to keep from falling. A bit of a hazard but worth the risk since the apartment is so nice and affordable.  Note 3 - You cannot throw soiled toilet paper in the toilet, you have to put it in a garbage can. That takes some getting used to. Great place. Was able to finish work and had a couple of big meetings in the area. Will definitely be coming back. Wonderful place to stay at during our short trip to New York. We feel like staying at an hostel while we paid an affordable price. It’s clean, well organized, and all the supplies are just what we need. I enjoyed my stay at Thomas home. The apartment was very clean. The bed was very comfortable. The check in/check out process was easy. It felt like home. Would stay again great value. Would stay again. The studio/basement was better than what I had expected. It was clean, spacious and in a quiet safe neighbor. And the check-in and check-out process was very convenient. Place was REALLY CLEAN!! Everything smelled so nice -- blankets, pillows, towels, everything! I really liked how it included some small essentials such as coffee brewer, teas, cutleries, plates and cups, some snacks too! The host was really lovely, quick to respond. Location was in a quiet neighbourhood and not too far to places such as restaurants, grocery stores, gas station, etc. I would definitely stay there again! The most amazing host, great communication, very clean & zen vibes, great price & the bed is very comfortable & cozy. Such a clean, homelike place to stay! Everything was great Great Perfect for a short weekend getaway! Very nice and quaint , I would love to stay again Great place It’s a cozy and clean place and I would definitely book again. We needed a place to stay in order to attend a family Thanksgiving dinner nearby.  Communication with Thomas was easy and clear.  The apartment is spacious for a studio and very accomodating. The communication with the owner was awesome and everything was as described. Bed is one of the most comfortable I’ve ever slept on and the location is great!! Great place  Amazing place and amazing host Thank you for allowing us to enter your beautiful and welcoming home! You were a great and very helpful host. The bed was comfy, and the place overall was an amazing experience. The only con was the “breakfast included” description. I thought since it said “breakfast included” with the airbnb, we weren’t going to have to spend much money on breakfast for our stay. Instead, only a coffee machine was the alternative (I don’t drink coffee.) Due to that circumstance, we had to spend additional money on breakfast. Also, the description states the place is an apartment, but it is the hosts basement. Overall, the basement was very clean, smelled amazing and cozy. We had a great time and loved the travel! Thanks Thomas! My parents stayed in Thomas’s place without me - I tore my ACL before the trip.  They stated that the home was extremely clean, but were not too happy with some of the bathroom rules - mainly that they couldn’t put toilet paper in the toilet.    Immaculate. Stylish. Extra Quiet. Not recommended for handicap persons. The place was great! It was nice and cozy great for our 4 day stay! Sparkling clean, cozy and great hosts ! I loved the place. Everything is perfect clean . I will love to go back again . Wonderful stay ! Will definitely come back ! This listing is as described, close to JFK, clean, and comfortable. I recommend this listing highly. Nice basement apartment.  Great host Thomas and Kathy provided a very clean, homefelt environment. They were able to answer all of our questions on time; everything was just as pictured. For my first experience using airbnb they definitely made me want to use this again. Thank you so much! Very clean and comfortable place. Close to the airport as well as the city. I hope I get another chance to stay here when I near NYC. Thanks Thomas! Great stay will love to do it again We live upstate so when we have an early morning flight or arrive home late we sometimes get an airbnb in queens.  Thomass is without a doubt the best weve had.  This was our second time there, the first was last June, and it was fine then but hes made wonderful upgrades, making it even more comfortable.  Even then it was spotlessly clean, amazingly clean, and it still is.  The neighborhood is good, parking a cinch, its :15 from JFK, the bed and other furniture are comfortable, there a coffee pot and coffee, the shower is large and brand new, the towels and linens are great, etc.  Weve found cheaper places but from now on if its available well only stay here.  The entry stairs are a bit challenging so I would not recommend to elderly or impaired. Great host The goat of Airbnb hosts. Loved the place.	1
604	Great apartment, Alonso was an awesome host. Would recommend a stay here! Nice open concept in living room/kitchen area. Uncommon in NYC! That made the Bedroom and bathroom very small!!  The restaurant on 1st floor kept the hallway dirty and smelly. The location of the apartment was awesome. So many great restaurants , shops etc within walking distance. Host was extremely helpful and always  responded promptly.  There were a few issues with the shower door, place for guests to keep their clothes etc., no ability to heat up or cook and AC window support needs to be addressed.  Alonso is a nice guest, he really wants you to feel like at home. The fact is nice. Unfortunately, the place needs to be emptied of Alonsos stuff since for a stay of one week, we were not expecting to leave our clothes in the luggage. We had to move a few things in order not to step on our luggage when going to the room. Shower is ok but sometimes passes from boiling to cold for a few minutes. The neighbors are very noisy and leave their door open in the evening, consequence you almost live with them. Not a bad experience as the neighborhood is very nice, but there are a few things to improve to have a flat at the level of the price. Great communication. Accommodation.   Clean place close to everything nyc could offer.   This was my first AirBnb experience and I could not have enjoyed it more. The apartment was clean and spacious, with ample room for the storage and cooking of food. The location, however, was the major selling point - the local area is full of excellent restaurants and bars, and the subway is easily in walking distance (in fact, much of Downtown and Midtown were also easily accessible on foot).  Both checking in and out were seamless, and Alonso was quick to reply to any queries - I would happily recommend this listing to anyone interested in visiting Manhattan. This place is super cool with all kinds of art. It is in the perfect location if you want to get out around the town. Close to trains as well.  Best location!!! Roof top view is to die for.  Centrally located. Perfect spot ! Cant wait to stay again next trip Stayed at Alonsos apartment for 2 weeks and it was a great stay. In the heart of little Italy and close to soho and Chinatown. Apartment was really cool and decorated with his art. It was clean and he was always available for any question. Recommended! Alonso has a beautiful apartment located in an excellent area with tons of restaurants and bars to visit. Communication was excellent, I would absolutely recommend this apartment! Great apartment.  Great art.  Great location. Would definitely stay again Everything was cool and simple with Alonso. We arrived pretty late for the check-in and Alonso was very arranging regarding that, he is responsive for he communication. We had a nice stay, the place was as described, equipped with all we needed and at a good location. Great experience in NYC, you can trust Alonso with this place to enjoy your stay! Alonso is a great host - responds quickly on all messages, makes no problems with check-in/out. We really liked the location, very safe and surrounded by really nice Italian restaurants. However, be prepared for a constant noise from the street and not very pleasant staircase. The only problem we had in the flat was lack of kitchen equipment - not even a single pan. We spent one great week at Alonsos apartment ! Even if the entrance of the building is really old (like often in NY), the apartment itself is as on the pictures (spacious and bright). It is ideally located between little Italy and Chinatown, close to Soho and few subway stations. There are plenty of bars and restaurants around. Alonso was very flexible and personally present to give us the keys for check in and checkout (even thought we arrived very late), and responded very quickly to any questions that we had during our stay. ----------------------------------- Nous avons passé une très bonne semaine à lappartement dAlonso ! Meme si lentrée du batiment est assez mal entretenue (comme souvent à NY), lappartement en lui-même est comme sur les photos (spacieux et lumineux). Celui-ci est idéalement situé entre les quartiers de Little Ilatly et de Chinatown, proche de Soho et de plusieurs stations de metros. Plusieurs restaurants et bars se trouvent à proximité. Alonso était très flexible sur les horaires et personnellemnt présent pour la remise de clés et pour leurs restitutions (bien que nous soyons arrivé assez tard le soir), et a répondu rapidement à toutes nos questions durant notre séjour. Great space in a great location. Good light, fun art, tiny bathroom - very NY and very comfortable though.   We bought a metro pass and hoped on subway or bus stops that were 3 blocks away at most.   Lots of stairs but we spent all day out exploring. Street level is a restaurant and lots of other great dining options in the same block.   Quiet building and quiet space even with windows open.   Would definitely stay here again. Our stay was awesome, clean towels & useful amenities went a long way. Great space in NY for the value of money and the the host was very helpful. We had a great stay! Fully recommended. Alonso’s place is a perfect location to stay. Good place to live.. This is a great choice for a stay in NY.  If you are familiar with Manhattan, you’ll know what a great location this is. Plenty of space for a couple and room to store your luggage. Alonso was very communicative and check in and out were super easy.  Highly recommend. Very responsive host, easy check in, always available for advice.    Nice, cool apartment in a great location! Building is bit run down but apartment was modern with lots of cool art. Apt is on 4th floor with no elevator but it was an easy walk up without trouble.   Enjoyed my stay and definitely recommended! Alonso’s place was accurately depicted and was extremely clean and welcoming.  It was in a fantastic location and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay! Appartement très bien situé et joliment décoré, chaleureux.  Il manque peut être quelques matériels de cuisine mais nombreux choix de petit restaurant et bar autour de lappartement. Great spot, apartment was nice and quiet and check in was super easy! Alonso’s place was the perfect location for exploring the city and located conveniently close to lots of shops and restaurants. However there were some issues.. We were only given a towel each for a 6 day stay, and although he dropped off more when we requested there wasn’t a handtowel for the bathroom nor a tea towel for the kitchen. Furthermore, despite there being a kitchen it was basically useless. There were no kitchen utensils and only a pot and one pan - not even a toaster! Clean, stylish and conveniently located. Alfonso had the perfect NYC space. It is everything SOHO you could want, walking distance to the best places and great subway access. It does have stairs so beware not to pack to much! I would definitely recommend this little gem in NYC.	1
605	"The house was clean, location was excellent. Somewhat happy with my stay!! Ultimately, I would stay here again.    I would not try to fit 5 people in this apartment though - it is a single bedroom, single bathroom, 2 person (3 at most) apartment in my opinion. Merav made us feel welcome, and was easy to deal with.  The location couldnt have been better, with subways stops only a few hundred metres outside our front door, and many resturants only a few hundred metres away.  The location is amazing and the apartment smells very nice. Its also well decorated and fun.    Note it is on the 3rd floor, up two flights of stairs and there is no elevator- so be warned if you have a lot of luggage. Also note there is no closet or dresser drawer to put your stuff.   The second bedroom is a loft in the living room, so there is no real privacy, and its a tight squeeze, but the beds are very comfy and the sheets are soft. The house eas very nice!! Comfortable and in a nice neighborhood. You have restaurants and metro stations really close. Two blocks away from central park.  The beds really nice and we where aible to rest.  Thank you Merlav for letting us use your house! negetive: rat run through the kitch unclean bed sheets location is good,but hard to find the apartment,specially carrying lots of belongings  positive: the ownner allow us to stay before 14:00p.m to check out good neighborhood nice home gadget   3 persons are suitable Las fotos no corresponden con la realidad en cuanto al mobiliario. No existen ni la mesa de comedor ni las sillas. Nos pareció que la limpieza de las sabanas no era eficiente. El apartamento esta bien de espacio y muy bien situado , junto a central park y dos estaciones de subway. Good Very accommodating and an amazing host!! Quiet and very relaxing!! Well definitely stay here again!  Incredible apartment, fantastic host.   We had some trouble getting in initially (not Meravs fault), but Merav was incredibly helpful and responsive about getting it sorted.   If I had a choice to stay anywhere in New York again, it would be here. We were a family of 5, and stayed for a week.  The table and chairs were missing when we came, so it was not really convinient for us.   But the location is great, close to the park and the subway.  Meravs place was just as beautiful as she described it.   I hosted my mother and niece in the space and they were in love with it.   Great location.  Perfectly described.  Safe and convenient for anyone looking to have a great stay in Manhattan.  Wonderful place on a beautiful street, 80 yards from Central Park. Loved the apartment. Really comfy beds. Thanks so much Very nice and clean space in a superb location!    The furniture is not everyones taste ;)))    All in all a great place to stay in NYC. Great location, authentic stay in New York. Loved it! Manque dentretien pour cet appartement très bien situé  A fantastic location, simply could not get closer to Central Park! They were very flexible with our late check in and late check out due to flight times, really appreciated this. The flat is clean, very well equipped and relaxing. Who needs to stay in a hotel when you can buy beers, cook your own food and enjoy Netflix in a cool, cosy apartment. Thanks M, we loved it.  . Great Apartment. Location couldnt be better. Absolutely zero problems during a 6 day stay. Looking forward to a summer visit to NY here!  The host canceled this reservation 227 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. This is my first time coming to New York and I had a wonderful time staying here. The place is in a really great location, very close to public transportations. Restaurants and markets are pretty reachable. Overall, its really awesome.  Good place to stay Great location.     Minutes from the park and Strawberry Fields.    Starbucks on the corner.  Tons of great food just minutes away.    The place was clean and easy to find.    Great hot shower.    No problems for us during our four day weekend.   The place was great and exactly how it was listed. Its right near the park and the center of the upper west side. Easy to get to plenty of good food, museums, sites, the subway...will definitely stay there again. A nice apartment, well located, near to the park and two subway stations from walking distance. The area is full of restaurants, a market and the surroundings is quiet. I strongly recommend M. apartment! The apartement is really a perfect place to stay in tne city. Location can not be better. very near to the park and surrounded by everything you need. It was perfectly clean and we really liked the the style of the furniture. We defenitely can recommend the place to everyone.  This is a great place - well located (close to Park, subway and awesome UWS shopping and restaurants), is pet-friendly, quiet and clean building/apartment, and it quite comfortable. As a former UWS-er, I was quite pleased with the apartment and will definitely plan to stay again.  Close to Central park, can have a nice walk every morning and evening. Close to many famous museum.   Close to subway (1 & C) and 59 Columbus Circle. Great place. Location is amazing. Very quiet. Will definitely stay here on our next trip to NYC! Ms apartment made our NYC a great experience! The location of the flat is great. Walking distance to many attractions and the red and blue lines of the metro, which takes you to many places without having to change lines. We were in 5 and stayed super comfortably in the apartment. I would definitely recommend it!  What a great location to enjoy New York for business or pleasure.  You really are just a few steps from Central Park.  Subway lines, stores and restaurants are close as well.  If you are interested, theres a gym across the street with daily rates.  The space was clean and spacious.  Two couples should easily be comfortable spending time here and you can manage more if needed.   Of course it is NY, so youre going to want to get out but, if you have to spend time inside you can relax and enjoy.  The connection for check in and check out was extremely easy, accommodating and friendly.  Thanks so much.  Safe neighbourhood and safe building, too. This is a place that is close to Central Park, and just a block away from the famous Dakota House where John Lennon lived.  The American Museum of Natural History is a few blocks away.  Being so close to CP was the biggest bonus for walking our dogs.   This is not a place that is wheelchair accessible as there are no elevators.  You walk up 2 flights of stairs.  But once you enter, you see an eclectic 1 bedroom/1 loft  apartment that is interesting and comfortable. There is a baby grand piano but its not tuned.  Lots of art.  Bathroom and kitchen are small but functional. If you are super particular about cleanliness it might not be your first choice.  For us, no problem as we have dogs.  Really, the only issue we had was our departure. We asked if our check out could be slightly later. M agreed. We were being picked up at 11:30.  Normally check out is 10:00.  The night before we were told we would have to check out at 10:00 after all because of a last minute booking.  It was too late for us to change our plans.  That was our only difficulty. Otherwise it was a pleasant stay, and we would return.  Its all about the location!!! Thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Ms apartment! It was comfortable and spacious and had everything we needed.  The location is fantastic!  Close to Central Park, lots of shops and restaurants and only a short walk to subway to take you anywhere. We would love to stay again on another visit! Photos are completely accurate and its in a wonderfully NYC style Neighborhood. It was a great stay. We were 6 pax so a bit tight but check in was so friendly and service and communications were amazing.  5 stars  First, GREAT location!  Fantastic eateries in all directions, especially Alices for Scones Benedict, or Zuckers for breakfast bagels, and AGs for lunch/dinner.  The apartment is two floors up so be prepared to carry luggage.  Ms apartment is very well appointed, clean, and the beds are very comfortable. Interesting artwork on the walls and a lovely piano for those musically inclined!  I forgot to thank M for having had it tuned...  SO, M, thank YOU so very much.  I really enjoyed playing while on my short vacation!!!  AGAIN:  Location Location Location!!!  M was available for questions and very helpful in all ways.  Though not on site, an assistant was also reachable by text and responded immediately.  That was very reassuring as I had had an postal issue that was pressing and was able to resolve it pronto with the assistants help.  All in all an excellent AirBnB option. Very helpful and very clean. Loved the location. So close to the park and much more. Everything you could ask for in an upscale UWS loft, and M was very helpful in making sure our stay was a smooth one. You cant beat the proximity to transportation, groceries, and the Park, and the cozy residential street is a welcome sanctuary from the unending bustle of the city. Staying here helped make the whole trip feel magical. If youre looking for a great apartment on the Upper Westside, look no further. The apartment was clean, quiet, light filled, tastefully decorated, and in a perfect location. The apartment is close to Central Park, museums, restaurants, etc. Our host Allan was friendly, helpful, knowledgeable, and kind. He went above and beyond, allowing us a late checkout, and even searching the apartment after we left to try and help us find our daughters new camp leotard. We will definitely stay here on our next trip to NYC. Thanks again! Probably the best location in NYC to travel with kids as the place is literally within spitting distance of the park. The apartment itself is charming. Not a ton of light and the mezzanine is really not meant to accommodate for a full size person. Host unreachable, pictures are a lie  Host was unreachable, she did not pay attention to me until she got worried she would get this review. At the very last minute she replied and sent an assistant to open the door, There was no amenities at all, not even water, which in most airbnbs you find at least that as a courtesy from the host. The assistant literally ran away, he did not stay not even five minutes for us to evaluate the place, I guess he knew that if he had stayed we would have called airbnnb and reported the anomaly. Pictures are a total  lie, they are tricked to make the place look as if it has light, it is much bigger and nicer. It is extremely small, the second bed is in a crawling space where you can barely get in and out without hurting yourself. The main bedroom you can also hardly walk around the bed. Very tight. There are no side tables, no waste basket in the room. So sorry to say, you shouldnt stay at this place if you want to be treated as a guest, and have some room... A good reason why I will not rent on Airbnb again. I do prefer luxury hotels. Rien à dire. Tout était top! M allowed me to book the night before. Communication was great, play was ready to go without any concerns. Was very clean, simple and well organized. Our stay was very hassle free and the location simply could not be better. A block away from central park on the quiet upper west side. As a traveler with a young family the place worked out perfectly for us. Thanks! Una ubicación excelente que no se acompaña con la limpieza que debería de tener, ni con la calidad que parece que haya en las fotos (percheros rotos, somier con falta de lamas, no existe extractor de humos en la cocina, la ducha estaba rota i desenganchada de la pared, el sofá estaba reventado por la parte inferior), las comunicaciones con el anfitrión fueron muy dificultosas por su parte, y todo lo delegó en una especie de empleado que tiene que desconoce incluso si el apartamento tiene extractor de humos... En fin, ubicación perfecta pero decepción total  por el resto. He viajado mucho con Airbnb y nunca me encontré con una calidad tan baja a un precio tan elevado. NO LO RECOMIENDO A NADIE. Really charming apartment. The neighborhood is great. Kind of unimpressive building on a really nice block. When you step into the apartment, has a great feel. Really nicely decorated and good layout. I would love to stay here again.   Ms assistant was extremely accommodating of check-in. My flight was delayed and I arrived much later than originally planned. He was very responsive and sweet. Excellent apartment in an excellent location. Very comfortable for a family, extremely spacious for other places for a similar price. Great food places just out side the door and a super responsive host. Highly recommended. Awesome Location, great space, and easy check-in. Stayed here as a business traveller and loved it! No view of central park - 1bd not a 2bd - heater (building boiler) wasnt on during our stay so room had no heat (it was about 50-60 degrees during our stay). Landlord knocked on our door during our stay and said, ""who are you??"". Not recommended A really great location and very speedy responses made for a great experience in staying.  Thanks!! It was good! Well represented, great space, love the UWS! Allan was on it for getting us checked in, especially a little early!! Great loft and lovely area. Central Park and the Subway just minutes away.  Both the Host and Allan her assistant were extremely helpful throughout our stay and we cannot wait until we can go back. Everything went very smoothly and the apartment was exactly what we needed. Appartement très bien situé à 5 mn du métro, Central Park à 3 mn à pied. L’hôte est très gentil et serviable. Nous ne l’avons pas rencontré mais il a toujours répondu très vite à mes messages. L’appartement en lui même est très pratique, la déco atypique est charmante. Je recommande cette adresse ! PROs:  Location, size of the apartment, and hospitality CONS:  Condition of the apartment, deceptive pictures, price, stairs, odors  PROS:  The apartment is truly less than a block from Central Park and is a pretty good size for a Manhattan apartment.  We were greeted by M.s assistant who helped us carry our luggage up two long flights of stairs.  M. and his assistant kept in touch and were helpful throughout our stay.  CONS:  The walls are in need of paint and basic repair throughout the apartment.  The bathtub needs to be recaulked.  The pictures definitely oversold the place so that its difficult not end up being disappointed.   The first picture is of a view of Central Park, which is definitely NOT a view from the apartment or anywhere in the building.  There are two long flights of stairs to get up to the apartment.  The building itself is plain and older.   The apartment had an odor of pest control sprays.  The apartment was about 85-90 degrees during our stay (in January).  The only way we could figure out how to adjust it was to open or crack a window.  Since the apartment was so hot, we were unable to use the loft space (as heat rises).  Overall, we enjoyed our stay because of all the nearby amenities.  We were happy to move to our next spot (the Marriott Downtown), however, which felt like luxury living (for 1/3 of the price) after our stay at the Piano Loft. The loft is represented perfectly in the pictures and honestly we can not say enough great things about our experience. It was very clean and stocked with everything you might need. It was centrally located by Central Park and by the 72nd Street train station. We really felt at home from the first few hours. The heat worked well, the bed was cozy and the kitchen was updated. Allan, M’s helper had some tips for us locally and made sure we were set up fully and comfortable before he left after giving us the keys. Communication leading up to the stay was fast and all questions were answered directly. We felt good before we ever set foot in the space. We would be delighted to stay at the Piano Loft again and we are already discussing it for the summer! Thank You M!!!"	0
606	Such a great space. Clean, spacious, and welcoming studio apartment that is perfect for two. Great for anyone visiting the city and looking to stay in a safe neighborhood that is walkable, affordable, near cozy bars & restaurants, and close to public transit. Uber cars were always available in the area and it was a short, easy trip to and from JFK. Would stay here again! Great host, super helpful.  4:11 pm We had a great time (Email hidden by Airbnb) munication with him was easy. The location is very nice. The rooftop view is amazing! There are a lot of really good restaurants in walking distance. It definitely is a superb homebase if you like to visit NY. Dean seems like a great guy. However, the loft was not as clean as expected. There was crumbs on the table when we entered. The bathroom did not feel clean. Also there was dust / sawdust in the corners and on most ledges. The pictures make the loft look dreamy but despite the photos the loft feels still like a work in progress and somewhat unfinished.  The stairs to where the bed is are steep with no railing which makes is hard to descend, especially at night. The last stair is not as wide as the rest which makes it feel difficult to step down. I actually hurt my hurt in the middle of the night going to the bathroom and as a result limped around NYC for a number of days. We actually left 3 nights early due to this and stayed at friends to avoid further injury. The apartment is located within 10 min walking distance to lots of great spots in Bushwick. It is a 5 min walk to the Central M train stop and a 10 min walk to Jefferson L train stop. The apartment looked exactly like in the pictures. The bed and pillows were super comfortable. Check-in and check-out was seamless. Dean was easy to get in touch with when I had questions. I would highly recommend the space if you want to experience Bushwick life. Très bel appartement, confortable, dans un quartier idéal pour se rendre à Manhattan et en pleine effervescence. Beaucoup de charme.  Dean est hyper accueillant, attentions délicates, et son chez lui devient immédiatement votre chez vous !  À revivre !   I had a super time at Deans! I was commuting into Manhattan each day for work - a pretty straightforward commute - and staying in Bushwick gave me a totally different (and complementary) NY experience! Loved the loft apartment, such a great space. I looked forward to returning there in the evenings. Met some really friendly people in the block, which was really welcoming. Check out the roof terrace! Great by day and by night. I spent a little time exploring the area, which has lots to offer. I found a great yoga studio - Loom - nearby, and Dean was super helpful with music/gig recommendations: do check out Alphaville and The National Sawdust. Dean also gave me great tips for food and record shopping. It was really easy to communicate with Dean and I felt that I could ask him anything, whenever. I look forward to returning!! Great place, great neighborhood. Check in and out were seamless - great location - cool space. Definitely loft living so if you arent used to that it might not be for you. Could be cleaner but I communicated this to AirBnB and Dean and I have no doubt the space will improved for future guests - Thanks!	0
607	Dont believe what you see in the pictures. This apartment was a horrible stay. Extremely dirty and loud. Mice and cockroaches live there. Yes, the room is big, but bathroom and kitchen are very unhygienic. I didnt sleep for three weeks in this place and had to move out. Host knew mice lived in her room, but never bothered taking care of it or warning me. Please do not stay here and get ripped off and sick like I did.  Neena and her roommates are wonderful young, active, easy going, relaxed and well educated ladies.. I really liked the room, just like on the (Website hidden by Airbnb) has its own AC unit in the window plus I had a floor fan and the opposite window also opens allowing for fresh ventilation.. The girls had made space for me in the fridge, clean sheets and towel .. Like in many older buildings in New York City, the shower can be a small challenge for an older woman..I felt very welcome by everyone and was able to have great conversations with the girls whenever our paths crossed.....I felt comfortable walking back late in the evening from the subway stop about an 8mn walk away...  The surrounding streets of the  neighborhood are  clean,  safe and engaging..There is a church with Gospel Sunday service at the corner, City College in the opposite direction and the very historical  Hamilton Grange even closer..A great location, great price and great stay..thank you ladies.. The neighborhood is safe; I walked around as late as 10 pm.  Its on the north side of the city (City colleges area) and is relatively close to the subway (small walk).  The room looks exactly like it is in the pictures.  When I arrived (later in the day), the room wasnt ready and I had to sit in the living room waiting for her to get her stuff out of the room and clean it.   Awkward.  The day after I arrived, I had to leave my room so the house cleaner could clean.  The house isnt the cleanest (at least compared to my previous Airbnb experiences) and there wasnt much room for my food (access to the kitchen was one reason why I chose the place) and the roommate drank my soda.  The bathroom was overwhelmed with toiletries its a bit difficult to find places for your own.  One of her roommates was really helpful and present often so that if I had any problems I could ask her.  Neena was available by text if I needed anything.    Overall it was what I needed.  A place to sleep and keep my bags.  The roommates were personable.  The air conditioner was greatly appreciated.  It wasnt what I was used to (in Airbnb experiences) and I dont know if Id return if I come back to NY.  Neenas a nice young lady, but Im not sure she has the hosting thing down yet.  Since this is only the 2nd or 3rd hosting, I left some feedback for Neena; maybe in the future my review wont be valid anymore. Neena and her roommates were very accommodating with my arrival and available for questions. The room is quite big for New York standards, but the building is showing its age. Convenient for uptown/Upper West Side, but not the most serene. Roommates were up late with friend on a few weeknights during my stay, which wasnt an issue for me, but isnt ideal if you need to go to sleep early. Neena and her boyfriend stayed on the living room couch one weekend. Neenas room is an excellent choice for a stay in New York. Its on a quiet and safe street, conveniently located between two Subway stations of two different lines, and at walking distance from Columbia University and some of the buildings of CUNY. The room itself is large and comfortable, and the kitchen and the bathroom have what is necessary.  I met Neena only once, but she was a kind and attentive host, who gave me plenty of indications before my arrival and left me two pages full of notes on the desk (plus some cookies and some shampoo, thanks Neena), with all I should know about how the washing machine works, where to eat and go shopping in the neighbourhood, the public transport, and so on. She also proved to be flexible as regards the check-out. Neenas housemates were also really kind and helpful, and I never had any problem with them.   This was the perfect place for my trip. The subway was right up the street, the area was residential, and felt like home. I felt extremely welcomed by Neena and her roommates. I would definitely stay here again. Im so happy even never meet neena but I meet her roommates melisa and esther soo friendly. The room is big everythings is ok, but the place too far from tourist spots. But they have A train as a express train to and transit everywhere 	0
608	Great apartment. Spacious living room and kitchen area. The host was very easy to communicate with. I would easily stay here again! Great location, but need a good cleaning and some tender care. Gordon was very responsive and helpful throughout the stay. We enjoyed staying in this newly renovated, modern apartment. The room could have been cleaner but I would recommend this place Gordon is a nice host, condo has potential but very dirty and lacks a lot of essentials in the kitchen. Located close to the A and C subway line for quick travel around the city. Unfortunately also located near a hospital, meaning ambulances can be heard throughout the day and night. Nice place, but need cleaning service Had a very quick response when it came to the wifi, overall had a good experience. I would stay here again Modernized apartment with new appliances. This place was neat and warm with an excellent heating system which kept us cozy for the winter weather. The host, Gordon, made sure we arrived ok and responded quickly.	0
609	"The location couldnt be better. The house is clean and sufficiently equipped (big plasma screen with Netflix!). But t is suitable for one person only, unless you bring a (air)matrass. Maybe a manual of the house and  small list of essentials of the neighbourhood (try the Egyptian down the street!) would be nice. I would book again! Jeroen Jans place was just as described.  I wound up needing a last minute place in this neighborhood and this studio worked well for me.  Jan was very communicative and made easy arrangements for me to get the keys.   There was a welcome package waiting on arrival.  All in all the stay was fine for my four nights there and I would stay again.  Thanks Jan. Lovely small place in great Brooklyn heights neighborhood. Walking distance to many great restaurants and shops and easy access to subway. Single bed. Room for just one but perfect for simple travel.  Jan was very good about communicating and accommodating to my initial questions. His girlfriend urgently needed to hand over keys which caused an inconvenience. Otherwise, the location and the place was very reasonable. Definitely more suited for a couple since theres no couch. Other than no paper towels being available, we had a good experience. I stayed for 5 nights at Jans apartment in my beautiful, charming old neighborhood, Brooklyn Heights.  The apartment is quiet, clean and especially well located with 4 subway lines within 5 minutes walk and more within 10 minutes or so.  The beds very comfortable, lots of hot water, responsive host.  I would have liked a comfortable place with a reading light to sit besides the bed.   A small table and a couple of chairs or stools by the high work area would have been a welcome addition for meals. What a great place! It was very clean, comfortable, and convenient. I would definitely book again :) The host canceled this reservation 163 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Its a perfect place if you need a ""pit-stop"" for sleeping during your trip to NY. Its perfectly located and the evening view just 50m away is simply gorgeous! Hosts are very friendly and communicative. I stayed for 2 nights at Jans apartment. The neighborhood, Brooklyn Heights, is very charming and convenient. The apartment is quiet, clean and well located. The host had some problem with housekeeping, and I have to wait until afternoon to get in, with caused a little inconvenience, but the host has recharged me the house cleanning tax. Recommended for all. Home was fine in a very good location. I spent a very nice time at Jans place. The flat is cosy and very well decorated. Located in the heart of Brooklyn Heights, you will be ready to discover NYC !  You can book the place with eyes closed !  Thanks Jan Benjamin The place is really well located, the flat is very well done and you have beautiful ray of sunshine entering in the bedroom for happy wake up. Thank you again, it has been a real pleasure staying in your place.  Great place to stay. Neighborhood feels very safe and is ideally located to getting into Manhattan by subway or traveling up to Williamsburg by water ferry - highly recommended.   Place itself is perfect. A warm welcoming space, comfortable bed, nice kitchen and great shower. Everything you could want from a quick visit to NYC! The host were very accommodating to our needs, they kept in touch with us. The location is great, close to the subway, shops, restaurants and  other amenities which are in walking distance.  We enjoyed our stay and suggest you look into staying here during your next visit to New York.  We loved the location of this nice studio. One stop away from Manhattan and close to everywhere in Brooklyn.   Jan and Niki were very quick to answer us and everything was fine and easy.  We had an amazing time in NYC and Living at Jans and Nikitas was a true pleasure. They were super helpful, flexible and the flat is super cool! We will be back! Great location in quiet and beautiful Brooklyn Heights. The place is great and quiet but not equipped for long stays... we really enjoyed the place that is well decorated and clean. However, when the heater is off it is really cold because the place is not well isolated from outside  Everything was smooth and easy and we absolutely loved the location of their place. There were so many things to do near the apartment and you really feel like a local staying here! The place is cool and has so much character. And we met Mr Nut!  Neat place with unique decor. Huge TV that connects to your phone via Bluetooth among other features. The live plants in the bathroom are a neat touch, just be sure to leave the fluorescent lights on when you can. Great location, a short walk to red and blue line stations 1 stop from Manhattan island. Amusing selection of books. Would be nice to have more warm blankets available, but there is a working heater that provides sufficient warmth. Overall, my partner and I enjoyed our stay and Jan and Nikita have been great in communicating with us. Great stay! Thank you, Jan and Nikita!  This place was great! Great location, close to 2 subway stations, and plenty of awesome places to eat that are just a short walk away. The apartment was clean, cozy and totally fulfilled our needs during our NY trip.  Jan and Nikitas place is ideally located and great value. Would stay here again! Easily acquired key and very close to several subway lines! Jan and Nikita made everything easy from checking in to checking out.   They have a really nice apartment with lots of character and personality.   For me the most important thing is getting a good nights sleep - the bed is comfortable and the apartment is quiet.   The location is great - close to Brooklyn Bridge, the subway, grocery stores and places to eat. Also a short walk to the river gives you great views of Manhattan.   Id definitively recommend it.  Great place to experience the city from. Nice neighborhood to stroll around in and great subway connections to go in any direction. Thank you for having us! Bonjour, nous avons loué cet appartement avec ma copine pour notre séjour. Cet appartement est vieux, et insalubre. Les conduits de chauffage sont sales. Nous avons retrouvés des cafards dans la salle de bain et avons du quitter les lieux avant la fin de notre séjour. La cuisine nest pas utilisable, et le jardin nest pas privatif. Très déçu de ce logement. Je ne recommande pas du tout la location de cet appartement. Un tel appartement ne devrait pas se retrouver sur Airbnb.   Hi, we have rent this appartment with my girlfriend. This appartment is old and unhealty. The heating ducts are dirty. We found cockroaches in the bathroom and left it before end of our stay. The kitchen is not usable, and the garden is not privative. Very disappointed appartment. I DO NOT RECOMMEND IT at all. An apartment like this should not be on Airbnb. Great place! The apartment was clean, quiet and comfortable. The decor gives the place a unique feel that we loved. And the location is unbeatable: a beautiful, safe neighbourhood and steps away from two subway stations.   Jan and Nikita kept in touch and made sure our questions were answered. Wed definitely stay here again! We had a wonderful experience at Jan and Nikitas place. The apartment was easy to find, clean, functional, and close to tons of restaurants and bars. The subway station was one block over. This was our first time on the subway so it being the first stop into Brooklyn was helpful. They were also really great about suggesting cool places and restaurants to visit. Lastly, the check-in/check-out was a simple as it gets. Only minor issue I had was the shower was a little awkward but other than that the place was a gem. We had a great time. The apartment was clean, quiet and had every thing we needed for our stay. Especially the neighbourhood was one of the loveliest parts of NY. The communication with Jan and Nikita was excellent. All in all it was a perfect place to visit NY and we would definitely stay there again. We had an enjoyable stay at Jan and Nikitas apartment. The unit was clean, comfortable, and a great value. We would definitely stay there again. Jai passé une très bonne semaine, je reviendrai probablement si je reviens à Brooklyn! Lappartement était très propre et confortable. Il est facile de prendre le métro pour se rendre sur Manhattan, le quartier est sympa pour marcher, et Jan et Nikita sont facilement joignables si besoin. Jan and Nikitas place was great! Very close to many excellent restaurants and bars. Subway was a 3-4 minute walk. Apartment was well appointed and Jan and Nikita were always quick to respond. Would absolutely stay again next time in NY! Adoramos ficar no apartamento de Jen and Nikita, super bem localizado perto de linhas de metrô, cafés, e supermercado completo, num bairro muito agradável... os anfitriões foram muito prestativos e solícitos, sempre responderam as mensagem com muita rapidez. Eu recomendo. This place is well located and clean. It was a tight space for 3 people but a great place for a long weekend in general and would be perfect for a couple. Jan and Nikita greeted us and are lovely and friendly, and communication was easy. Jan & Nikita are delightful host. There studio apartment is proper hipster, clean, very close to amenities, such as bars, coffee shops, restaurants and a stones throw away from Brooklyn Bridge. Also, check-in and check-out were very easy, despite us having some travelling travails. I would not hesitate to stay at their pad again. Very nice apartment in the great Brooklyn Heights. Jan and Nikita are super nice and so helpful. Clark st. And High st. Subway stops are around the corner. You cant be in a better place for a New York holiday. We will come back as soon as we get a chance. Thanks! Jan e Nikita sono stati molto gentili e disponibili, mi hanno spiegato tutto, lasciato delle guide, dato nomi di ristoranti in zona. La casa era in posizione perfetta per me, che ogni giorno dovevo andare a Dumbo e potevo farlo a piedi, ma è comoda anche per andare a Manhattan, con tre fermate della metro nei dintorni. Forse la casa poteva essere più pulita ma conteneva tutto il necessario ed era in ordine. È probabile che ci torni. Quiet neighborhood, but blocks from the subway. Loved staying here, would stay again on our next trip! Lovely apartment! Fit two people perfectly, and even felt bigger than it seemed on the pictures. The bed was really comfortable, and the kitchen just big enough to cook a meal without problem. The apartment felt pretty spacious, so staying inside for a longer period of time was no problem. The location is pretty quiet, but central at the same time. The subway, beach, peers, and even lower Manhattan was reachable by foot, so there was no need for expenses on taxies.  Nikita was there to check us in, and was available for any questions we had during the week.  If I would have one complaint, it would be that the heat turned itself off sometimes, so it could become pretty cold as the November cold creeped into the apartment, but there were blankets to keep us warm, so it never became a problem.  All in all a great apartment, host and location. Recommended! This place is perfect! Excellent location, outstanding hospitality, clean, all of the above. We booked for a girls weekend, a few blocks from the train, safe area, will be booking again. Thank you, Jan and Nikita for a wonderful stay! Great location. 1 subway stop to Manhattan (near 4 different lines) with a quaint neighborhood-y vibe. Nicely decorated - not cluttered and includes any essentials youd need for a short stay. Cozy, clean, good location and great value for money. Great spot, wonderful hosts. Thank you for a great stay! Extremely comfortable apartment and many amenities for extended stay Awesome room and hosts Nikita is a wonderful hostess.   Studio offers most amenities that you would find in your own home.  It is located in the best and safest area of Brooklyn and in close proximity to different transit systems.  I will return again and again."	1
610	My stay was great and very enjoyable.  Location is great close to everything. A 2 minutes walk in distance from the train station and all the restaurant and bars  The host were very friendly and helpful. I felt home right away  The room is very spacious   Huge closet  I recommend this place 1000% Thank you for your hospitality  Everything was 100% perfect. Check in and out was simple. Total privacy and no noise inside the house. I have pass a very good stay at Evi. Everything is in accordance, the room is spacious and near of the subway, has 15min of Manhattan. Everything was clean. Thanks to Evie and Maya. Everything was wonderful! The room was well conditioned, it was spacious, right next to the subway. Very quiet and peaceful. Staying with Evi was super easy and comfortable. We communicated the whole time I was there and there was an abundance of food places around the area. I would definitely recommend. It was a good room in great area, really close to subway, shops and restaurants. Hosts were very nice and friendly. I enjoyed staying there! pratique mais sans plus, un peu loin de Manhattan par rapport a la description La camera si trova in una piccola casa a due piani a pochi metri dalla stazione della metropolitana (Broadway, linea N,W; a 15 minuti da times Square). La camera è spaziosa, con ogni confort. Il bagno è pulito.  Lappartamento si trova in un quartiere con numerosi locali multietnici, una panetteria, pub e un dollar tree. Quartiere vivace ma non caotico. Bisogna segnalare di fronte alla casa passa la sopraelevata della metro, quindi si sentono i treni, anche se devo dire che dopo la prima notte non ci ho fatto più caso. Evi è stata gentilissima e disponibile mentre Maya è stata precisa e professionale.  Unottima opzione se si vuole trovare una camera vicina a Manhattan ad un prezzo contenuto. great stay! easy to communicate with maya and Evi! Close to subway. Evi is a nice lady. The room is big and clean. I visited the city to see a friend in Queens and to do some sightseeing. I was a little worried about logistics, not being a regular subway user, but if you are a tourist, this house is near exactly the subway line you want to be on, and the directions youre given to get from the station to the house are very clear. It was clean and comfortable and the neighborhood had some interesting restaurants and stuff too - different types of ethnic food and so on. The nearby subways are above ground, so if you are from the countryside, it seems loud, but I figure the existence of noise in New York City is an unsurprising fact. I enjoyed my stay here. Very clean house ,close to train and friendly host ,just love it and would like to stay there again . Très bon emplacement et qualité prix Quartier sur Rapidement à Manhattan It is very good place and it is really clean. I like it soo much. Everything it was very good when I stay there. The subway is around 1-2 min from the adress. I enjoy my stay to Evi ! Was what i need ! Evi is very friendly. Easy to get into house, near to Subway, which is overground. It may be some noisy, but I dont care about that. Ich hatte einen sehr schönen Aufenthalt bei Evi. Sie ist eine sehr nette Gastgeberin und war sehr hilfsbereit. Die Kommunikation vor Ankunft war sehr gut und alles wurde genau beschrieben. Die Unterkunft ist sehr sauber und super gelegen (bis Manhattan sind es nur ca. 10min mit der Subway) Ich würde auf jeden Fall wieder hier übernachten und kann die Unterkunft absolut weiterempfehlen. Very convenient and the hosts are very accommodating. Great value! Hosts Evi and Maya were super sweet and welcoming. The room is clean and actually quite spacious. Body wash, towels, and other basic bathroom amenities are provided. The room is located right next to the N/W trains, which are super convenient if you want to travel into Manhattan or are traveling from the airport. However, since you are so close to the train, you hear it all the time. I would recommend bringing headphones or earplugs with you, which drown out the sound pretty well. This bnb is super affordable and conveniently located next to the train, so I think it is all worth it. Astoria is a really cute neighborhood, and I found the residents to be super sweet and helpful. Check out the Museum of the Moving Image, which is a short walk from the bnb. Personal muy atento en todo momento. Muy proximo a la estacion de metro (100 metros) y bien comunicado. Nema razloga za ne odsjesti ovdje, sve je odlicno 지하철과 가깝고 아스토리아에서 가장 번화한 곳 중 하나에 위치해있어서 좋았어요. 에비가 참 친절했습니다. 방도 넓어서 좋았고요. Όλα ήταν υπέροχα .... Πολύ καλή οικοδεσπότης  Πολύ ζεστό το δωμάτιο και πολύ καθαρό  Είσαι στο κέντρο τις Αστόριας και κοντά σε όλα αυτά που πρέπει να πας... A nice clean place full of oldschool furniture, easy to find and right next to Astorias well-known foodscene and nightlife on Broadway, the Host is very helpful and considerate - perfect for young people who wish to explore this interesting part of the City! Evi’s place is a gem in New York! It’s very accessible from the Broadway subway station and there are a lot of establishments near the house. Every morning we grab bagels to a nearby shop and before heading home, we shop at the dollar store. Evi’s place is cozy and warm. It will make you feel like you’re at home. She is very nice too and really accommodating to us. Thank you Evi and I look forward to staying in your place again the next time I visit! I was traveling alone, so I was looking for a safe place to sleep. It is safe, clean, close to public transportation, warm and the host is a very kind person. I highly recommend it. The ladies were great! The place was clean and cozy. I highly recommend and super close to the subway Great First of all, price is cheaper than others. Great location. Room was acceptable. Lovely place and host! Loved being so close to the subway, would highly recommend! warm host and convenient location! We had a great stay. Evil was so sweet and accommodating. There was a mini fridge to put small groceries or leftovers in, which was nice. The room was very close to the train, but it actually didn’t bother me as much as I thought it would. Thanks so much! The host gave me a warm welcome - including tea ;) High value for money - you can reach Manhattan very easily.  The condo is right next to the N-Train station. But therefore you hear the train. This was my second time on Evis place and i enjoy my stay ! Everything was so clean the room  was what i need.The place is so near to everything ! Water on the frige  cookies ect... Great place, huge room. Slept like a baby. Will def stay again when I’m NYC. Dear, sweet, Evi was the most wonderful host weve ever had. She welcomed us the very first day and made us feel at home. The room was perfectly kept when we arrived and the whole house and bathroom was always clean. At night our room was always warm -- even during the coldest week in December -- and it was so nice to come home to. The location in Astoria is also great for everything; thirty second walk to the subway (only 15 min to Manhattan), lots of cool shops and restaurants nearby, 24 hr groceries, and the neighbourhood is safe to walk around in. Evi is extremely hospitable and left us kind notes by our room or tasty treats for when we came back at night. She truly cares for her guests and makes sure they are comfortable and taken care of. We would definitely stay at this listing again. Evi is one of a kind, genuine, thoughtful, and treated us as one of her own. She is a true super host and it would be a pleasure and joy to stay with her again! Evi was a wonderful host! Incredibly clean and comfortable space, perfect location that is very convenient to get to the city.	1
611	This apartment was nasty there was cat and dog hair everywhere the tube was disgusting the bathroom floor had cat the hair and throw up on the floor the bed hurt your back cause its cheap . Cat hair on the furniture no cable this was the worst experience ever I do not recommend this place to anyone  Great location, parking always available, neighbors very friendly, secure building!  Syncere was very nice and helpful during check in. The neighborhood is cute, and the apartment looks just like the pictures. I had a great stay! Ill definitely be in touch.  This was a horrible stay. I left the next morning after I check in and I only stayed bcuz I couldnt book a hotel until the next morning. The pics that I saw were dated the house was nasty. Under the recliner it was filthy. Pulled back the bed sheets and there were crumbs in the bed. The was a horrible smell by the closet. And then when I reached out to the host she put some other person she called the other host who proceeded to chastised about wanting to leave. Over all horrible stay, host and I will never use air bnb EVER AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!! Nice apartment in a cool area in Brooklyn. Syncere was a great host, she showed me around, explained how everything worked and was very generous with her time. The apartment was clean and exactly as advertised. I would stay here again without hesitation.  Un logement sympathique et dans un vrai quartier de N. Y. pour un prix raisonnable. Très bon accueil. Nous reviendrons. As a former brooklynite back for a visit, this studio was PERFECT. The location was exactly where I needed to be, the apt was spacious and the air conditioning worked great. I accidentally put the slam lock on and locked myself out and the host/super were incredibly accommodating. Thanks again! Will definitely consider another stay when back in the area. Everything was okay! Original, clean and comfortable apartment in the heart of Brooklyn. It is not far from subway and not so far walk from the Brooklyn bridge. Helpful and friendly neibourhood. I can advice this place to people who wish stay in good destination in New York but not to spend all the money. We enjoyed our stay and was helped with the minor hiccup of locking ourselves out the apt. It is what is advertised, convenient location, and great price. We really enjoyed staying at Synceres apartment. Its about 30-40 min by metro to Manhattan and there are different metro lines nearby. The area is quiet and authentic. Good choice for those who want to live not far from Manhattan but want to see NY more like a local and save some money.  Great value and everything youd need while away from home. Lovely place, perfect size and location for me. Would stay again  Buen lugar, el cuarto estaba genial, recomendable... Pleasant at home, good traffic to Manhattan The place was exactly as listed and Syncere was amazing at getting back to us and making sure we had everything we needed. Syncere was a great host! The apartment was exactly as advertised and super clean. There was a coffee shop and restaurants  just down the block. Syncere was quick to answer any questions I had and so sweet! I will definitely rent from her on my next visit! La hôte est très réactive au niveau des messages et a su se rendre disponible pour notre arrivée tardive. Cependant lappartement nest pas très propre et la wifi marche très mal. La seule fenêtre du studio est cassée. Il y a seulement un bout de bois pour cacher ça. Il fait froid dans lappartement. Nous avons du racheter une couverture car il y avait seulement un drap et un plaid pour dormir. De plus, lappartement est très bruyant de part cette fenêtre cassé mais aussi de part les voisins. The studio is in a large block of flats and the window opens onto the main street.  Food is distributed from the building next door on Tuesdays and Thursdays so people gather very early, waiting several hours and are typically very loud.  This and the regular strong smell of dope and used condoms in the stairwell makes the flat seem quite unsafe.  Although location is good in terms of bus and metro links and a great coffee shop a few buildings away. Nette kleine Wohnung. Lage gut. Die Verkehrsanbindung war super. Sehr nette Gastgeberin. Gerne wieder. This was perfect for what we were looking for. Would recommend if you are travelling on a budget and want a genuine Brooklyn experience. Subway is 15 minutes walk away and very near to bus stops so is well connected. Good shops and a nice neighbourhood. Don’t have anything negative to say and think that it matches the description well. Good spot, not far from the subway. Clean and comfy This place is great if youre not looking for a four star hotel type of place. Its comfortable and Syncere is a great host. My boyfriend and I had a blast and loved our trip. I would stay here again for sure! Perfect home away from home  I will be staying again when time permits  Syncere was super sweet and accommodating. Her place is stylish and in a fun location. Definitely a great deal and a good fit for people wanting to really explore the city. I know I had an awesome time during my trip. Thanks again, Syncere! Felt very at home, as if it was a place of my own.	0
612	"We really had a great time at Williamsburg Garden Escape. Prior to arriving we got all the information we needed, and when arriving we got some useful tips in the neighbourhood - grocery stores, a few cafés and restaurants. We tried a few of them and were really happy with what we got. The apartment was perfect for three adults. We had all we needed. It was clean and cosy. We totally felt welcome and safe in this apartment.   If were coming back to NY well definitely try stay here again.  We had a great time staying here. Its a colourful part of town with plenty of atmosphere. The apartment is really handy for the subway, and is close to some excellent bars, coffee shops, and places to eat and the like. Id recommend staying at Bens place for the back garden alone! We instantly felt at home here. Thanks Ben! Sweet, comfortable Williamsburg apartment!  Good location-just 2 blocks from the L.  Convenient to get to Manhattan and an easy car ride to Queens and the Bronx.  Hosts were very responsive and made our stay pleasant.  This is a very typical NYC apartment---tiny bathroom, on a busy street, and perfect for a great NYC weekend.   My stay in Ben and Alicias beautiful apartment could not have been better. Ben was really easy to communicate with and even waited for me despite the fact I was delayed for a few hours, he also left a great cheat sheet detailing places to go in the area. The  apartment is exactly as pictured and really clean..and the garden was awesome - quite rare to have your own garden in NY. Williamsburg is awesome, great bars, cafés etc and really close/easy access to Manhattan. I would definitely recommend  this apartment to anyone - if youre lucky to rent it out you wont be disappointed! Ben and Alicias place was a perfect cozy landing pad for our trip to New York. It is located on a major street so very close to the L train which takes you right to Manhattan. We also made it to Queens (ps1) super easily. Never more than 2 subway rides to get to anything.The neighbourhood had tons of great food options and Ben and Alicia were kind enough to provide a very detailed map of suggestions. We were sad we couldnt try more of them.   The apartment itself was spacious and clean and had everything we needed. Sadly it was a little too chilly this weekend to enjoy their garden. They were also kind enough to provide us with coffee supplies (there are also great coffee spots up the street).  They were super easy to communicate with and responded to any questions we had immediately. Getting into the apartment/""checking in"" was also painless.  We would definitely stay here again! Our stay was perfect from start to finish. Key pick up was seamless. Location is incredibly convenient to the L. Tons of places nearby and the recommendations provided were vast. Parking is also very easy if you have a car. Our dog enjoyed the stay as well, there are parks nearby and the space out back of the apartment was great for her to lay out and snooze while we enjoyed our morning coffee. Apartment is very cozy and clean, felt like being at home. Would definitely stay again and recommend to all.  Bens flat is gorgeous and right by fun areas of Williamsburg. Great to have a garden in the hot weather! He arranged getting the keys easily and left notes with local recommendations. We had a great time. Thank you! Esther The apartment was cozy and spacious. We were easily able to get to Manhattan. There are a lot of delicious cafes and restaurants in the area. There is a convenient store up the street that is always open. The guys working there were very friendly. Ben and Alicia were great hosts and good at communicating. I highly suggest staying with them if you want to get an authentic Brooklyn/Williamsburg experience but still access Manhattan and surrounding areas.  Such amazing hosts, very responsive and kind and accommodating. I stayed in their home while recovering from ankle surgery before I could do the stairs at my apartment and it was such an easy and pleasant experience. Really lovely and spacious home. The backyard was so nice to sit in every day. Would recommend to anyone coming to explore Brooklyn. Great value, perfect inexpensive base for exploring Williamsburg and beyond."	1
613	"Great place to stay in NYC.     The apartment is well equipped and clean. The room is very big and confortable. The neighborhood is plenty of restaurants, bars and social life.     We could not spend much time together,  but on arrival we took a tour around the neighborhood with Enrique and he gave us some recommendations about places to eat, shop and public transportation.    I will recomend the apartment!    ********************************    Un gran lugar para alojarse en Nueva York.     El apartamento tiene todo lo necesario y está limpio. La habitación es muy grande y cómoda. El barrio está lleno de restaurantes, bares y es bastante animado.    No pasamos mucho tiempo con Enrique, pero al llegar nos hizo un tour por el barrio y nos dió algunas recomendaciones sobre lugares para comer, comprar y transporte público.     Recomendaría sin duda el apartamento! Excellent neighbourhood and Enrique was very friendly, he made sure everything was arranged! Room was also clean. Enriques place is nicely located in Brookly and he obviously is a playful guy, as his room is full of toys and ""guys stuff"", which I liked of course.  Unfortunately, we could spend much time together, but I had a good impression of him. He nevertheless arranged our stay well. Enrique`s place is exactly as shown in the pictures, neat and cool. The flat has space and light, the room is very comfortable and the shower is very good. Location is perfect, close by to everything you might need, very well connected to Manhattan (only a few steps away from the subway) and close to cute little shops, hip bars and restaurants.  Also, Enrique was very welcoming to us, even though we didn`t get to spend a lot of time with him. I would definitively reccomend this place to anyone and would stay there again! Enrique was a great host, the room was clean and comfortable. Williamsburg is  good place to stay for visit NY: very close to Manhattan (only 1 station) and full of nice  bar, if you want to go out for a beer. We had a comfortable stay here. Did not see Enrique but he sent us the keys to England to make sure we could get in ok! His flat mates were nice and very helpful. We really liked Williamsburg, and found it very easy to get into Manhattan. We would definitely stay in this area again. The room is exactly as described on the pictures. Enrique welcomes us very well even if we didnt see him (only at the beginning and the end of our trip) and gave us all the good addresses to eat, to see etc. The location is really great (just one station from Manhattan through the L train) and Williamsburgh is the place to live when you go to NY. Un logement correct avec de bonnes indications pour notre arrivée, à quelques minutes de marche de la ligne L qui amène à Time Square. Un peu de répit dans cette agitation New Yorkaise.  The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting."	0
614	Good for the money you pay.  I stayed 2 nights. No AC but the fan s pretty good.  Hi. The room is ideal for lonely travelers...small but perfect for people with small budget...  The room is opened to a small courtyard ... so... some times you have to choose between the noise of the air conditioners or getting some fresh air ...  Good quality-price, but without air conditioning its hardly bearable in some summer nights! Llegue  Twin size bed, with small closet, very clean. Quiet place, close to central park. Marlon is a very nice and friendly and easy to reach. Room did not look like picture anymore (less accommodation) and the window was broken.  Marlon was a great host, assisting with any needs and allowing me to leave my bags earlier than check in.   The only thing I would advise is that if you are a female, of night, the area can be a little daunting. But other than that, the subway station is nice and close to the home, making public transport nice and easy. Great for solo travellers ONLY! Marlon is a friendly host and profesional. The only problem I had was with the mattress being on the floor (couldnt tell that from the photos) and it  the mattress being uncomfortable. Marlon was happy to make adjustments as needed. I would say its a good in terms of the price if you trying to save money but if you are looking for comfort its not the best place. I was waiting for the guy to pick up the phone all Day since i got to New york, i end up waiting all Day With no where to go With all my things In th. Middle of New york when i got to talk to him he told me to wait 2 hours until we meet up the house is smelling weird And its a Huge difference on the pictures that the reality i didnt ask my money back but i didnt sleep there at all if you dont care about all this the price is extreamly cheap For New york standars And the street not so bad Marlon is a great hoster. Presented me the location and assisted me with everything. No conserns. The Place is very close to Central Park. Recommended!	0
615	Great place! Clean and tidy. Right next to subway if you need to go to Manhattan, and near lots of fun Williamsburg venues. Kylie is a wonderful host!  Had a lovely stay at Kylie and Bens loft. Its a great location, 10min subway ride from pretty much everything youd want to see and do in New York, plus the subway station is just a 2 minute walk away! The apartment was super cute, clean and spacious with the added bonus of an elevator, which was super handy with our bags. Kylie was very kind and helpful, she answered all our questions clearly and promptly, made our stay a breeze! Id highly recommend a stay at Kylies, Williamsburg is a great place to stay in NY with the hustle and bustle of Manhattan just a short ride away!  The host canceled this reservation 8 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Kylie was wonderful, very accommodating, and incredibly nice. The room was clean with a nice view of Brooklyn and the rooftop was even better. No issues with communication and getting started once I got to the room. Whenever I need an Airbnb in Brooklyn, Im going with Kylie. She rocks! My sister and I stayed at kylies place for a weekend. She was a super host, everything went smoothly and she made sure we were comfortable. The apartment is perfect and the location as well. I would suggest this place to anyone! Nice and clean Place. Kylie and Ben were perfect hosts.  We would book it again.  Very helpfull  Really nice, clean and luminous flat with kind hosts. It was just awesome ! You know a person is an excellent host when they have plants that have been well taken care of. Kylie and Ben have some beautiful plants and an amazing place.    The room was clean, had great décor, and the loft definitely beats sleeping on a friends couch if you are visiting the area.    The listing was very accurate. The location was a 2 minute walk from the subway and getting to Manhattan or any other location was easy.    This was my first time in Williamsburg and my first time using AirBnB.  I love the area and was lucky to have an excellent host. Kylie and her partner were very nice and accommodating. The place was clean. The desk in the room was perfect for getting work done. Great neighborhood with loads of good food options. The only issue that I had was that there are no curtains on the windows so it is a bit bright at night with the street lights. Otherwise, its a great little spot. My sister and I stayed at Kylies and Bens place for almost a week and had a wonderful time. We didnt meet Ben, unfortunately, but Kylie was a lovely and incredibly kind host that made us feel welcome from the second we got there and made sure that we had everything we needed at any time.  The room was clean, had cute little plants in it and was exactly as described and shown in the pictures. The apartment is really beautiful –  very spacious and bright.   The neighbourhood is very nice and has got lots of good food and coffee options; also, its just a 2min walk to the next metro station, so it was easy to get around from there.  All in all we couldnt have had a better time in New York, are very happy that we got so lucky with that apartment and would highly recommend staying with Kylie&Ben!! Kylies place is remarkable : perfectly located, clean, spacious and amazingly well put together. Kylie was also a welcoming and great host , always willing to help, accommodate and give us recommendations on what to do and see. 5-stars really.  Kylie and Ben are lovely hosts, the place is great! Would definitely recommend to anyone! We had a great experience at Kylies place. Everything is exactly as in the pictures. The place is clean and very comfortable, we loved the bright and sunny bedroom and desk space. Location is very convenient, close to the subway, coffee shops and many places to eat. We are already familiar with the area, we chose Kylies place because it is so close to many of the interesting things to do in Williamsburg and theres easy access to transportation to Manhattan and other parts of Brooklyn. Really great stay! Great all across the board. Really nice place in a perfect location. I spend one week at Kylie and Bens place with a friend and had a lovely time!  The place is very well located next to the L subway and very cosy. Kylie and Ben and very friendly and helpful as well!  El loft de Kylie y Ben es bonito, iluminado, limpio. El cuarto es cómodo y agradable. Está bien ubicado (a una cuadra de la estación Graham Avenue de la línea L del metro). Son unos huéspedes amables y tranquilos.  Great location in Williamsburg. Place was clean and pictures posted are accurate. Kylie was very accommodating to my late arrival. Would recommend this place. An absolute must to book this great place with the perfect location. We stayed for 5 nights, the bed is super comfy and big enough for two friends to sleep super confortably. Kylie is amazing amd super helpful. The shower is wonderful. We leave so happy and hope to come back next year for sure! Thanks again Kylie and Ben. Kylie is a great host and the apartment is so nice! We loved the bed, very comfy. Location is very convenient, just 10 min to Union Square with the L line. Kylie is super friendly and helpful. Will be back soon!!! This is such a comfy place to stay, it is totally relaxing to come back here after a long day in the buzzing city. I felt totally welcomed and accommodated by the hosts, and I also commemorate them for having a spotlessly clean place. I also really valued the convenience of it being close to multiple gathering places like parks, restaurants, and subway stops. I would travel back to nyc just for the sake of getting to stay here again! Jackie and I stayed 7 nights in this cozy and lovely house. Everything in the house is very clean and has a fine scent. Kylie & Ben are very helpful and kind. 1 minute to metro L so you can go to Williamsburg in 10min and Union Square in 20min.  You can also see beautiful sunset on the loof-top and  there are wonderful sports pub & cafe in this block so we went to there very often ^^;;   브루클린에 있는 예쁘고 깨끗한 집이에요. 교통편 너무 편리하구 호스트 착하고 좋습니다. 동네에 맛집도 많아요. 한국 여행자분들께 강추합니다!!  Our stay at Kylies was perfect. Everything was as described and Kylie was a great host! The location was great - walking distance to restaurants, cafés, bars, and the subway. The apartment itself was very clean, comfortable, and nicely decorated. We would definitely stay here again the next time we visit Brooklyn. The host canceled this reservation 17 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Perfect place to visit Brooklyn! Stylish, cozy, and central. Their apt has a rooftop with views. We enjoyed sunrise at the rooftop in the morning. Lovely couple share their lovely space. Strongly recommend their flat! Hope to visit soon.	1
616	The apartment its really nice and clean, its really worth for the money we paid! You take the subway to the center and in a couple stations you are there! 100% Recommended !!! Great host. Uneventful stay, which a praise in itself. The neighbourhood is not the fanciest, but we stayed there with kids and were perfectly comfortable. The apartment has all the basics and was all we needed for our trip. If youre looking for luxury, though, this is not it. Great location, close to 24 hour shop, 110 Subway Station and Central Park. Quiet for NYC. Best sheets in an Airbnb weve ever slept under, small detail but made every night amazing. Alex was really responsive, reminded us he was there if we needed anything and really quick to respond to the few questions we had - great communication, great service.  This location couldnt be better.  We loved experiencing New York in a larger context than staying in mid-town:  Close to subway, Central Park, awesome meat market, 2 grocery stores (1 was 24 hour), library, museums galore, restaurants of all kinds (try Patsys for classic NY pizza) and more.  This apartment on an unassuming street in a lively, diverse neighborhood had sparkling clean shiny wood floors, fluffy towels, comfortable beds, newly remodeled bathroom, a separate kitchen we could prepare food and eat in (new appliances!), welcome air-conditioning...Our week in New York City was fabulous in part to our welcome retreat in E. Harlem, thanks Alex! Great place to stay if ever staying in the city. Super close to the 6 train which was very convenient and plenty of little coffee shops to grab a cup in the morning! Appartement conforme à lannonce. Pas de mauvaise surprise : une chambre sans fenêtre et toilette donnant sans la cuisine.  Honestly I was little bit concerned about the community when I arrived. The stairway really smelly. But when I enter the room, I surprised cuz it is so clean and everything is exactly like the pic shows. The bath towel and bed sheet is the most soft one that I have ever live in airbnb. The only thing is there is no plug next to the bed which is little bit inconvenient. Alex is super friendly and nice.  Appartement ok with 3 large bedrooms. Close to the 6 train. I would book it again for a next trip to NY Quiet bedrooms, new renovation, we liked it. Host 5*: Alex was great at answering questions and checking everything was ok when we checked in. He even let us check out at 4pm instead of the agreed 10am!   Apartment 2*: The apartment block is horrible... Absolutely filthy and smells like marijuana 24/7 however, the other residents are lovely and were very helpful/welcoming. The apartment itself is fine (2 double rooms and 1 room with 2 single beds) - tea, sugar etc were supplied, as were umbrellas, towels, hairdryer and shampoo/conditioner. I would like to note that there was a cockroach infestation in the kitchen and bathroom when we stayed but Ive been advised Alex is resolving this.  Location 1*: The apartment was only 4 minutes walk from a subway station but the same can be said for pretty much everywhere in NYC. The area was rough, noisy and at times, scary. Excellent ubication just 2 blocks from Green Line subway for easy access to Brooklyn, Manhattan and the Bronx. Quiet area where you can walk around even late. Arrival was a breeze and the apartment was clean and ready. It is just a bit more little than photos may suggest but just what you need to crash after a day in the city. The place is good and the location is close to subway station as well. The place is located in a walkable distance from the Central Park.  Had an awesome time in this place. Also Alex was fast to reply any doubt, i totally recommend him as a host. Good value for the price, easy subway access, but rather impersonal spartan flat.  Third bedroom is more storage space for luggage and coats than anything else Es un piso pequeño, y puede parecer que está en una mala zona o que es peligrosa, pero todo lo contrario, hay un ambiente muy guay y la gente muy amable. La estación de metro está pegada a la casa y se llega en poco tiempo al centro. Es un piso para pasar una semana de una forma barata y cómoda. Alex es super atento y cualquier problema que tengáis lo solucionará pronto. Great location in a real neighbourhood. There were many stores including two grocery and an assortment of others selling everything from wine to pharmaceuticals to bicycles. There were a couple of restaurants , one featuring live Cuban music. All were within 5 minutes easy walking distance.  And the subway was only a 10 minute walk! The owner was helpful with neighbourhood directions. Personne très sympa et très réactive. Il nous as écrit à notre arrivée et sest inquiété de savoir comment se passait notre séjour. Check in et check out très facile ! Appartement un peu moins bien que sur les photos mais qualité/prix tout à fait correct. Nous y avons passé un super séjour. Alex’s place was great!!! Clean, spotless and a lot of room. My friends and I had a great stay and would definitely stay again I stayed at Alex’s apartment with two friends for two weeks. We were extremely disappointed with our stay.  The building stairwell smells of marijuana constantly and we found several cockroaches during our stay.  While I was asleep the ceiling started leaking onto the bed (apparently due to construction in the apartment above) and flooded the ceiling.  When we came back to the apartment at the end of the next day, the ceiling had flooded even more and half the bed was soaked.  When I told Alex about the problem he did not seem to care and did extremely little to help. For the rest of the trip we were unable to use this room, both because of the water and the danger of the ceiling collapsing. Alex sent his cleaner who only took photos and did not actually clean the room and I had to keep pursuing Alex for something to be done, which it never was.  The radiator in this room also stopped working, however Alex organised for this to be fixed, even though we were still unable to use the room.  If you are considering staying I would encourage you to check whether this dangerous ceiling has been fixed.  It is difficult to sleep in any of the rooms as the walls are thin and you can hear people speaking and other noise in and around the building, and the radiators are loud. The shower head is on a chain and not attached to the wall, which means you have to constantly hold it while you shower, this is different to what it advertised in the photos. Although East Harlem isn’t the best location, we felt safe most of the time and it was easy to get to and from downtown.  However, I would recommend staying elsewhere if possible. Everything was good, from the communication with the host to the accomodation. My guests spent almost 3 weeks in the apartment and they gave me positive feedback about it.	1
617	Its a cozy place, great value. You are sharing a house with a family with kids so you are getting all that goes with that. I loved it 10/10 Alia & her family are truly a delight to have met. Their summer porch daybed is perfect for the budget NYC visitor looking for a place to catch a quick, comfy snooze close to transit. Bonus is being able to chat with awesome people, make funny faces with adorable kiddos, and cuddle up with a fluffy kitty cat named Smudge. Double bonus if they invite you for pancakes! I treasured the short time I spent with Alia & her family and will definitely stay with them again next time Im in NYC. The location is very good. Walking distance to Subway N. Reservei a residencia da Alia para minha filha Thayna de 20 anos, que estava viajando sózinha pelo Canada e USA, A Alia foi super atenciosa e prestativa e nos deixou muito tranquilo aqui no Brasil, o local é exatamente como anunciado. Nossos agradecimentos para Alia. Place was as described and Alia and her family were great to talk with. An easy train ride from the centre of town which made it a great location for me. I had a great stay in this pleasant family home. Great value, place exactly as described, wonderful family, and awesome cat!   Be sure to check out the Bohemian beer garden right around the corner - great laid-back outdoor space and delicious food. Great price for the location - only 2 blocks from the metro. Easy to get in and out of the city. Bed is very comfortable. Alia is very hospitable and I would stay here again. Great location. Subway is around the corner. Had my own privacy. Friendly hosts including their cat. I had a great time. Alia is a good host, ive had a nice stay at her house. If I had more days in NY, Id spend more time with her cat other than tiring myself in visiting the city. The place is very cozy, and it is set to a good price. However, it is not as clean as can be. The family is really nice though Great location, just a couple of blocks away from the N train station, and also on line for M60 Special Bus Service that serves between LaGuardia and Manhattan Upper West Side where you could take 1, 2, or 3 train. During the right seasons the porch is all you need to stay. The Summer Porch was as described and surprisingly awesome, comfortable and peaceful.  The location is great, being right by the N/W, and the positive energy and helpfulness of both Alia and Own was truly what made this a great experience. Muito agradáveis	1
618	Janets apartment is super-cool if you wanna stay on Manhattan and especially near the Central Park. It is perfect for smb travelling alone or for a couple. Its really tiny, but has everything you need and still enough room for not only walking aroung, but even do some yoga if you wish )). Youll get a bed next to the entrance door and a kitchen behind a sofa, but that wouldnt trouble you at all (sounds weird, but really - somehow not a flaw or a problem). The highlights are: 1. Bathroom - spaсious and w/a full tub! 2. No problems AT ALL w/heating and hot water (which happened to be an issue for me few times in other apts in NY on cold days). 3. An A/C if you feel its too hot 4. Very comfortable bed 5. Location! 3 minutes walk from subway 6. Location: UWS shopping and dining. You just open (Hidden by Airbnb) maps and search for reviews in like no more than 3-4-blocks-away radius  Janet is hospitable and attentive and you have the maximum chance for a no-trouble experience with her. The reservation was canceled 30 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The neighborhood was very pleasant  The location is very good close to the subway station and a bug supermarket.  The apartment is very small but cute just like it was described. The reservation was canceled 197 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. It  was a very well located place in a fairly quiet street at two blocs from the subway. Our host was very thoughtful.	0
619	"Staying at Liahs place is just great.  Definitely best place to stay in New York, Liah is very friendly and open minded. I t was the first time I have been in New York and she helped me a lot, I will recommend to everybody who wants to have fun and be in a nice place in New York. The Host is most delightful!  Always made to feel comfortable & at home!  The 5 short flights of stairs will keep you in shape - but being nestled up in this treehouse makes for a more peaceful place to sleep compared to other places in the city!  Super cool!   Liah is kind, and a good host. She has a whole list of things to help you get quickly acquainted with the neighborhood / logistics, and is totally available to happily accommodate.  Nice space, very good $value and a great area.  Access to Manhattan is actually very good as several subway lines - including express - within easy walking distance.  And, plenty of good choices for food etc. right in the area if you decide to have a low-key day. Great place to stay in the center of New York City! Liah is a very good host. It is the best for a short-term stay. Very close to the subway so you can easily get to any place in the city. Neighborhood feels safe as well. Very good atmosphere in the apartment and great (Hidden by Airbnb) . (Just make sure you dont have a problem being around cats since the room doesnt close with a door). Appartement super original, Liah savère être une super et accueuillante propriétaire, et lemplacement de lappart. est très bien situé!!!Je vous le recommande vivement!! Liah is a perfect host. She is very kind. The space is lovely and has a very good price value. The rooftop is amazing.The area is great too. In walking distance (3 - 5 minutes) you will see the Statue of Liberty. Access to Manhattan is very good, because there are several subway stations near to the apartment. Furthermore there are good restaurants and bars next to Liahs place.  I cant recommend staying at this apartment enough -it was really wonderful! Hello, we are Matthew and Alessia, we stayed at the home of Liah from September 18 to 23. The house is very nice and comfortable. Liah and her assistant, Esmeralda, there were many nice ... too bad that we had little time to learn Liah! As our first experience with Airbnb we were good: it was a very positive experience and we hope that soon Liah come to us in Rimini! The apartment may be on the 5th floor but it is certainly worth the effort. It is a warm, inviting, spacious and unique place to stay. I thoroughly enjoyed being there. It is a great location, convenient for both walking and running; it is close to public transportation, and  there is an array of eating and drinking establishments close by.  I met two of the women who live there and they made me feel very welcome. I would, without question, recommend this apartment as a place to stay in New York. Staying at the Treehouse loft was a great experience. Liah was there to meet us upon our arrival and was more than helpful providing us with information on things to do in the city, along with ensuring our stay in the Treehouse was more than comfortable. The apartment is located in an excellent location and is close to the Metro and plenty of restaurants and bars, there is a supermarket and pharmacy close by as well. We had the experience of meeting some great people while staying at the loft and I thoroughly recommend anyone considering visiting New York city to stay with Liah.  I spent three months at the treehouse and had a great time. liah was a perfect host. she was very friendly, supportive, easy-going and nice to hang out with. the apartment has everything you need: Big kitchen, living room and bath. many bars and restaurants are close by, most uptown subways are accessible in ca. 5 minutes.  i can definitely recommend the treehouse for anybody, no matter if its only for a couple of nights or several months. Really enjoyed my stay at the Treehouse!  For me it ticked all the boxes I was looking for in a NY apartment - great location, friendly people, good value for money.  Liah and Heidi were both great to deal with, and made communication and check in really easy.  I know where Ill be staying next time I visit NYC! Hedi and Liah were wonderful hosts - they were fun, gracious, and took the time to show me around New York. The apartment was clean and full of light. Thank you Heidi & Liah :) I stayed at the Treehouse for 4 weeks in July 2013 and it was an absolutely amazing experience. The apartment is spacious, very cosy, a work of art and is such a joy to live in, especially if you like music because there are lots of instruments there. The location is superb, at the tip of Manhattan, very close to Battery Park and the Hudson River where you have beautiful views of the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island. It is also very close to multiple subways and the ferry service across Manhattan, Brooklynn and Staten Islands. Heidi and Liah are wonderful hosts and very talented musicians and have become great friends of mine. If you want to explore New York, they will give you the best possible advice and there are lots of folders and information in the apartment. From the first minute that I was in the apartment, I felt so welcome and very much at home. Being at the Treehouse made my stay in New York even better than I could have hoped for. I am so happy and grateful that I found this place. The times we hung out together for concerts, dinners, going out and the jam sessions, music lessons and the conversations we shared, will forever be sweet memories for me. And next time I go to New York, I know where I am staying, there is no other place I would want to be but the Treehouse, and no other people I would want to stay with then Heidi & Liah! Thank you ladies for the wonderful time and the beautiful friendship, Im pretty sure Ill see you soon ;).  I stayed at the Treehouse for a month, which was definitely great as an intro to NYC. Heidi and Liah are very friendly (and funny!) hosts, and very accommodating (thanks for the watermelon Heidi!). Nice creative musical vibe in the house - also close to lots of downtown attractions and train lines. You cant go wrong here!!   We had an awsome time at the tree house! We loved jelly and boots (the cats) and Heidi and Liah were so cool, helpful and fun that made our time there a great one. We are hoping to go back soon :) What an Incredible stay!     I stayed at the TreeHouse for 3 months from October to December. The place is incredible, cosy and creative. You can easily feel that there is a story in the apartment, its full of energy and love. Heidi and Liah are wonderful hosts, very friendly and so funny.     It was very convenient to live in the Financial District as my internship was located there. There are so many things to do in this neighborhood :   You can take the Ferry to see the Statue of Liberty, have a walk in near the Hudson River, if you are a ""shopping addict"" you will be pleased to discover Century 21 which a huge discount designer department store!   The place is also close to subways (Lines 4-5, 2-3, R, 1), all you need to discover New York City.    I deeply recommend you this apartment where you will feel home for sure!     P.S : I already miss Jelly and Boots!    Heidi was our host. She was very friendly and welcoming, gave us tips on where to go. The apartment is really unique, full of many interesting details and paintings. Location is great, many places to go out around.   Try Liahs sandwich at Bingo Deli next to the house - its delicious! Heidi is an excellent host, a fantastic musician and an all round lovely person. Extremely helpful and knowledgable about the neighborhood. My hosts definitely made me feel at home. My experience at the treehouse was wonderful! Heidi and Liah are wonderful hosts. I enjoyed the location, primarily because it was near my work in the financial district, but also because all of the subway lines converge down there - this made traveling anywhere in the city very easy. Heidi is a friendly host and the apartment is as described.     If you are not a cat person, I would recommend to think twice. I like cats but It was a little annoying to find them on the top of my clothes or inside my luggage every time I came to the apartment. My clothes were all covered in cat fur. Also you can find cat litters randomly in the apartment, however Heidi was fast to clean them. Heidi got a little upset when I told her about the cat situation but we have squared it out later.     One thing I loved about the apartment is the glass ceiling and skylights. It also feels very romantic when it rains. You feel like you are a big giant under an umbrella in the rain.    The apartment is situated in the best and most lively spot in financial district. There are nice restaurants and bars all around.     The room is not very spacey and the bed is not a real bed, however the it was more comfortable then I thought. The linens and covers were clean but the pillows and the comforter inside is very old and dirty.     Overall, it was a good experience. With some updates and renovation, i think this will be a very unique and great place. A little room under the roof. Enough to spend a week in that wonderful city.  A quiet place.  Easy to go everywhere in New-York. Lots of metro stations around.  Heidi and Liah are very nice. Their apartment is a reflection of them.  You feel like you are at home. Better than an hotel ! Liah was a wonderful host. The apartment is quiet, in a cute neighborhood close to lots of subways which made my commute very easy. I had a very comfortable and fun stay!   Liah was very welcoming and the area is great. Right next to the Staten Island ferry terminal and Wall Street.     Place itself is ok, I had the upstairs bedroom which is essentially the attic with a skylight. No major complaints but you would be better to ask for a bedroom rather than this room, also you need to like cats as the cats will be joining you in your bed.  Awful house, dirty everyday, and the room I slept in wasn´t even a room was an space down the stairs and doesn´t even have a door. All my clothes were full of cat hair everyday and i had to thew some of them. Liah was very chill and accommodating. Im not really a cat person, but they grew on me. I didnt really have a problem with the hair as some others have mentioned; just make sure you hang your clothes up or put them in a drawer and you wont have a problem. The space is as described; if you like the pictures, youll have a great time. I met a bunch of pretty cool people, too. I think my only complaint is the lack of door, but overall, I had a great time, would do it again, and would recommend the same to anyone else. My trip was extended during probably the busiest weekend/week in years in NYC. Overnight everything sold out and the average hotel was going for 650 per night. Was in a major jam and came across The Treehouse that morning. Liah was extremely responsive and it was very easy getting setup. I essentially got everything squared away that morning.    The location is great, right around the corner from the ferry building in lower Manhattan. Whats really nice you can walk down the street and see the water/horizon, which is a great break/addition to the busy city. There are plenty of places to eat right below, the subway is right there and you can catch a cab off Water Street very easily.      As far as accommodations…having lived in NYC for years it brought back instant memories. If you want an authentic trip including the opportunity to come across really great people then this is your place. Yes the cats will get hair on your stuff so hang it up or keep it out of the way. For me the cats were a major highlight. Boots and Jelly are as unique as Liahs place and are very fitting. The interior is impressively decorated, peaceful, and calming. I had plenty of privacy and ultimately when you are in NYC you spend most of your time outside.    I enjoyed my stay at The Treehouse and found it convenient, friendly, and well kept. I’d recommend it to anyone travelling through NYC and would stay there again on any trip.     This was a great experience on Liahs house. Good location in a cool area of the city.  Jelly and Boots are so nice but if you dont like cats I suggest to look somewhere else. The building is super old so you have to be able to walk 5 floors using the stairs. Overall a great place to stay. Thanks Liah!! Liah is beyond doubt the best host Ive ever met. Not only is she very accommodating, helpful and reliable, but also has a huge & warm heart. If you need recommendations or help with anything you can always text her and receive an answer shortly. Also she makes you feel very welcomed and cares about you being well. I am so grateful for the time I spent at the treehouse (also the roommates are freaking awesome!) and for all the beautiful memories. I absolutely recommend the treehouse for anyone whos into music, cats, art and good red wine. Im gonna miss you so much, Liah, but Im sure Ill visit you once in a while. :)"	0
620	"The apartment is cozy and clean! All the stuffs are brand new! And the landlord fixed the WiFi problem ASAP. Highly recommend! Everything was great! The host is really nice and available at any time to answer your questions and the apartment is very comfy, clean and very accurate.  Compliments! Byanca was very nice. The place is nice and cozy. The amenities was new and clean. We enjoyed alot staying at this place. Very safe neighborhood and we have two little toddlers.   The area has a lot of restaurants which we enjoyed alot. Subway to Manhattan was not too far away also.  She is a enthusiastic woman thank for her help in newyork  Byanca was very accommodating with our early check-in, as well as storing our luggage even after the check-out time. The place was pretty nice, enough to fit 6 people as there are 2 sofa beds besides the two rooms. The kitchen is equipped with kitchenware too. One thing though is one of the rooms were a little colder than the other. Theyre pretty new with renting it out, so there are improvements to be made and we ran into some minor issues but they were reasonably fast with fixing it.  Will recommend :) One of the best airbnb locations that Ive stayed in in New York by far! 15mins from Manhattan, tons of food. Locations around the airbnb and easy access to multiple train stations in a 5-10min walk. The location itself was very clean with fast wifi, spare toiletries, alot of tv channels, etc.  Byanca was a great host in making sure our needs were fulfilled and made us feel very welcome in our holiday stay. We even had a book of suggestions from previous guests as to recommendations of places to go. Would definitely recommend this to anyone wanting to explore the city for the first time in a great residential community and great host! Happy holidays! Byancas apartment in Astoria was perfect. Nice and clean inside and well-equipped with everything youd need. It was nice and close to the subway, only 20 mins or so to get to Manhattan and about a $20 Uber ride. We also hung out in Queens and the place is a short walk from Broadway for some liveliness, or 30th ave for a high density of great restaurants and cafes. Awesome time, thanks Byanca! 1. 호스트는 친절합니다. 메세지 답변도 빠르고, 머무는 중에도 필요한 것 없냐고 물어봐줬어요.  2. 집은 오래됐지만 깔끔하게 해뒀어요. 물건도 산지 얼마 안됐는지 물건에 가격표들이 주렁주렁..ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ 3. 이불에 거뭇거뭇한 먼지가 조금 묻어있었고, 쇼파베드를 펼쳐보니 그 사이가 하나도 청소되어있지 않아서 좀 깔끔도는 3점 정도..? 4. 집이 오래되서 그런지 좀 시끄러워요. 방음이 1도 안되는 듯. 집 앞에 건축자재 사업장있어서 아침마다 트럭소리 들리고.. 윗집에선 새벽에 노래틀고.. 그리고 보일러소리 엄청나요. 찾아보니까 외국 오래된집에 종종있는 일이라네요. 저는 청각에 굉장히 예민한 타입이라 제대로 못잤어요.. 한번자면 못일어나는 분들은 괜찮아요. 5. 라디에이터가 자동이에요. 어떻게 켜야하나 찾아다니다가 자동이란 소리듣고 멘붕.. 안그래도 온돌이 아니라서 추운데 자동이라니.. 이마저도 새벽에 켜지면 소리 엄청나서 지진난줄알고 깼어요. 6. 마지막으로 키 넣어두는 곳 비밀번호를 잘못알려줘서 전화해서 물어봤어요. 비행기가 연착되서 새벽에 전화했는데 만약 안받았거나 제가 유심칩을 안사뒀으면 큰일날 뻔 했네요.. 만약 가실분들은 떠나기전에 다시 확인하고 가세요. It was our first time using Airbnb and we loved it we deffenly recomemend this apartment to everyone. the apartment was super clean and had everything that we needed including wifi. Thank you so much for everything Byanca you are a great host.  Great spot right next to public transit. Parking was also easy to find.  Fantastic place to stay we had to extend a night due to the winter storm and the owner and property manager could not be more accommodating. Would recommend this to any group that is looking for a cozy two bedroom in Queens, close to the subway and also easily accessible through Uber. LOVED IT! This place was perfect for our group. We were three couples that stayed and we rotated the sofa bed. We ended up getting stuck in NYC due to Winter Storm Stella and Byanca and the owner Brisam could not have been more accomodating. This is such a neat place to stay, cozy, and has all the necessities that you need for a trip to tourist around the city. Subway is only a couple blocks away. On the snow day we were able to walk right down the street and play in the snow!! Very attentive host. Excellent place wont think twice about recommending. Confortable. Bien ubicada. Facilidad de entrada. Buena comunicación.  Byancas apartment was very nice. It always very cleaned and it looked very prestou. Localization is good and not far from Manhattan by subway. Very easy taking the N or W train. The boy setback was the wifi wasnt working properly. I would recommend Bryanas apartment to anyone and would stay here again. The place was clean and just as described. Metro station was on a walkable distance. We really enjoyed our stay.  Really lovely place. Great value, great location - close to manhattan and to subway station. Supermarket within a ten minute walk. Well equipped with cooking facilities if you fancy staying in.   Easy check in and check out. Would reccomend a stay here to anyone Close to subway, clean room,  comfortable bed.  Ce logement est très bien situé dans le queens à 5 minutes de la 36th Avenue pour prendre le métro. Vous trouverez des supermarchés proche de la station de métro ou de la 24ème rue. A savoir : pour acheter des vins ou autres alcools il faut se rendre dans des ""liquors shop"" proche de la station de métro 36th. Impressionnant la gentillesse des americains pour nous aider dans le métro et laisser de la place pour notre enfant de 5ans. Bon séjour  We enjoyed our stay.  Used the subway to get around. Byanca was a great host and I would not hesitate to come back with multiple guests. I was able to enjoy a great time in NYC with family. Looking forward to returning. No me gusto. We really enjoyed our stay at Byancas place. The flat is lovely and very cosy just like on the pictures. It was comfortable for the six of us. The tube station is within short walking distance, the neighbourhood is quiet and there are some nice brunch places nearby. We couldnt recommend it more. :) Appartement exactement comme sur les photos, env 10 min à pied pour accéder au métro, quartier sympa Clean and cozy. The neighborhood is industrial but it is accessible to Manhattan easily. Its great if you dont want to be right in the thick of everything. The place is cute and bright. We didnt spend much time in the neighborhood because we were there for a conference but its location and coziness were exactly what we needed! Nice place; small but comfortable. Very good beds, wifi, and kitchen was quite comfortable. Bathroom was small but very equipped. Bibi is a great host, the aptartment is just like described in photos and was always in touch!  We had a great time ! This sounds silly, but it was so good to have plenty of the simple things like hand soap, dishwasher tablets and loo roll! Cosy place to stay. We found it easy to access the subway and Manhattan. Easy access to supermarket. Nice restaurants on Broadway, Astoria. Great time. Convinient. Would stay there again  Nice apartment in Queens with good communications to Manhattan by sub. Clean and cosy. Could be some squarefeets bigger.  Good communication with the host all the time. Could recommend it. La propriétaire est très sympa. Au moindre problème elle répond immédiatement et cherche une solution. Je recommande donc vivement le logement ;) Logement propre et bien équipé, à proximité directe de Manhattan et de plusieurs stations de métro.  Nous avons passé un bon séjour. Great location and comfortable.  A/C in all rooms.  50 inch TV is nice. Close to neighbourhood restaurants and grocery stores.  The bed was a bit hard on my back but no issue for other family members.  Would recommend staying here.  About 1 kilometre from train station.  From there, less than a 7 minute ride into Midtown Manhattan. Very good location, close to Downtown NYC. Theres different subway stations closed by.  The bathroom is quite small and needs a bit of renovation.  The AC in each room is outdated too and can be noisy.  Great host and made everything very easy and accesible.  Thanks! My friends and I enjoyed having separate bedrooms for privacy. Also the fact that there was an air conditioner in each room. We also liked having the kitchen area. The location is very good for great places to eat and nearness to the subway. We felt safe and enjoyed Astoria very much. Not a bad ride into NYC at all! I would stay there again and recommend it for a couple +1 or a small family. Excellent spot in a residential area in Astoria. Value for money and close to anything through the sub. This house is a great find. It is close to the subway station and 36 avenue which housed a couple of take-away and grocery stores. The house was clean and exactly as shown on the site. We used the microwave, stove kettle, toaster, coffee machine, and refrigerator and the crockery set. The bathroom was small but worked well. All the rooms had air-con that was very handy, in the hot days. We did not trust the New York water so we bought all the drinking water. The local supermarket sells big bottles of this.  We spend most of our days on Manhattan island and this house was a wonderful base of operation for us. Byancas home was very cute! We enjoyed our stay however there were five of us so it was pretty tight. The walls are very thin so we could hear everything upstairs and next door and the hot water tank must be very small as we couldnt seem to get any hot water in the shower. But the wifi was great and the home is very well taken care of. All in all it was a nice trip! We had a wonderful stay at Byancas apartment. She was very attentive and quick to answer any questions. The subway wasnt too far of a walk and there were plenty of restaurants nearby to choose from. We would definitely stay here again! This apartment is really nice, clean and close to Manhattan, which is really good when you want to visit the city. We were 5, it was perfect for us ! Byanca is an amazing host who is always available for good advice and she does everything she can to make her guests feel comfortable. I recommend the place for sure !!! We had a lovely time in this apartment, it covers the basics. In my opinion the area is not for the faint hearted: during our stay we noticed a rat outside on a daily basis, probably due to the neighbor leaving trash outside. All the basics (supermarket etc) are in the area and fine. Byanca’s place was perfect. Just like advertised and provided everything we needed. It was close to the subway too! I would definitely recommend her place for anyone who likes the more quiet side of the city. Petit appartement dans un quartier calme, entouré décole.. Superbe parquet en bois. Byanca répond a toutes nos questions très rapidement et est charmante !!! Ligne directe pour Manhattan. (Tres bonne literie !!! et serviette toute douce....) The apartment it is what it shows the ad on airbnb. Its quite comfortable, even for five people. Really clean and functional, and warm, a matter quite serious for the season.  Regarding the location, fantastic. Close to, at least, two subway stops, less than 10 minutes by walk. The neighborhood is nice, quietly, and there are several options to get domestic stuff thanks to supermarkets and so. All said, it is an perfect option to visit New York. There will be no regrets. We enjoyed staying at your Byancas place. It was nice clean and just as described. The place is well-kept nice and cozy, however, the location (neighborhood) could have been better. Although the neighborhood is safe as indicated by Byanca. The apartment is approximately 10-15mins walk to the Subway station. Although we had a problem with the check-in time, but thanks for providing a good environment. The place is warm and convenient, neighbors are also very friendly. Departamento impecable  y a 20 minutos  de Manhattan,  barrio seguro y sin problemas con los vecinos . Ideal viaje familiar Byancas home is a great venue all who want to visit New York. Its close to the metro (lines N, W)...just 10 minutes walking. This lines will let you to 14th street...Times Square (just 15 minutes). Great place to stay!!!! Thanks Byanca for your advices and quick response!! What a lovely 2 bed apartment. Its clean, stylish and lovely to stay. I thought we would be closer to a station to get to manhatten, its very well located but its a good 30 mins by train or uber. Next time I would stay in manhatten just so we could walk from place to place. A lovely place We had a fantastic holiday in Byanca apartment. It is very close to Manhattan....subway is 8-10 minutes away.. and  it is perfectly clean. The kitchen is well furnished. Its not so large but it was perfect for us, a family of five. Thank you Byanca. Great place to stay. Byanca was a great host, answered all my questions both promptly and effectively. Home was very clean and cozy, just as the pictures. I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to anyone whose looking to visit they city. Lots of street parking available. Theres a 7 eleven convenience store within walking distance, as well as a subway station. Neighborhood was very nice, clean and quiet! :-) thanks again Byanca! Me and my friends stay here for 5 nights and it was great! Byanca is super responsive and easy to communicate with. Kitchen is equip with variety of kitchen wear and utensils. Sufficient amount of towels and blankets that you can use from. We had a comfy time staying here."	1
621	"Javier was a great host, friendly and kind.  The room is very spacious, warm, clean and cozy.  The location is fantastic, walking distance to museums, Central Park, everything you need is nearby.  The subway is literally steps away. I would definitely stay here again. Awesome time at Javiers place. He and Sam were very warm and had lotsa suggestions for places to go around their hood -- they made us a scrap book  Furthermore, Javier was very easy to communicate with and responded to questions promptly.  Excellent location (short walk to the subway, plenty of restaurants nearby, and close proximity to Central Park) and wonderful hosts! Javier & Sam are thoughtful hosts who help remove all the stresses of traveling with their city tips & amenities. Super comfortable beds too! Prime location away from hustle but close to subways. Near Central Park. Nice size cozy bedroom. Javier was great and helpful for tips about public transport and made us feel right at home. Great vacation.  Javier and Sam were fantastic hosts, accessible without being intrusive, and very helpful. The place was clean and comfortable and is a ridiculously good value for the location. Sam was the one who checked me in and gave me the quick tour and she was very sweet and reassuring and had obviously gone to effort to make the space convenient, providing several thoughtful amenities such as a fan, and a portable battery to charge electronics, and extra sheets, and an empty shelf in the fridge in case I wanted to use it. The guest welcome book was also full of helpful information about the surrounding area. My room locked from both the inside and the outside, which, even though I felt very comfortable there, added a nice layer of extra reassurance when I left my things for the day, or when I slept at night. The bathroom was tiny (normal for nyc) but very clean. The bedroom was bigger than I anticipated, and they put the single person bed against the far wall to leave as much space as possible, which was great for me to open my luggage and still have room to walk around comfortably.  The full length mirror on the back of the door really came in handy, and they provide yoga mats in case anyone wants to take advantage of the floor space. I will definitely be looking to book this place again the next time I return.  We had a quick weekend trip to NY. Javier and Sam were extremely accommodating  from beginning to end. Our flight was delayed 4 hours which made our arrival time 2am. Javier was more than willing to wait for us, not to mention put up with my constant updates about flight changes. Their apartment was clean and in a great location. After our trip, I realized I had forgotten my glasses at their place. Javier mailed them to me right away along with some shower gel they gave us as a gift :) Overall awesome trip with awesome hosts.  Great place to stay in New York! My husband and I had a few days to know the city and this is the place to stay. Close to subways (line green and yellow), we went to the Yankee Stadium so easy, also it is on walking distance to the Met and plenty of bars to go. Sam and Javier were so kind and their hospitality is something to talk about! They did a great job. We loved this place.  Javier is prompt in his responses right from booking till the end. Sam welcomed us, and both of them provided us some useful tips that they also have in their ""travel book"". The battery pack for cell phones came in real handy and we liked that the room we used had its own set of keys for additional safety. The location is literally a couple of blocks from the subway, and very accessible to the mid-section of Central Park should you decide to cover the top half and the bottom half over a couple of days. After walking several neighborhoods in NYC during our stay, we felt that this place gave us exactly what we needed--location, convenience, safety--so for sure we recommend it. Javier and Sam, thanks for the conversation and the NYC suggestions (verbal and travel book). It was a fantastic place. Javier was very nice and always checked to see that everything was great. Would definitely stay again. Javier was a great host, kind, well organised, and reliable. The room was comfortable, well-equipped and in a good location close to the Central Park. Thanks a lot, we really enjoyed our stay and we highly recommend! Javier and Sam were excellent hosts, the communication was great and they were very easy going, they gave us tips of NY and how to get around. Their apartment is very clean and cozy and is located in a vibrant neighborhood with lots of restaurants, bars and great transportation so its very easy to get around.   I highly recommend staying at his place and I hope to come back soon. Javiers place made our stay in NYC so much nicer. The apartment is organized, clean and beautiful. Its located less than a block away from the new subway station and the neighborhood is super nice. We really appreciated how clean everything was and how accommodating they were with us. We definitely recommend it to everyone! If you decide to stay in this apartment you like it so much) its close to Central Park and not so far from Times Square) Javier is very good person and he care of us ) we like this place so much ) My girlfriend and I had a great time! Javier and Sam were excellent hosts, were extremely flexible and friendly. Communication was fast, efficient and constant which made getting to the house and checking in super easy. The room was nice with 2 twin beds (1 of which is a pull out) and a window AC unit. They gave us earplugs to help with the noise at night, but we ended up not needing them because the AC drowned out all of the street noise. They also had a black, leather book full of activities, maps, pamphlets, and places to eat close by which was killer! I had some of the best food Ive had in years following the book! Theyre just 2-3 blocks from the subway depending on which line you take, so transit was no big deal. Theyre pretty close to Central Park as well, so their hood is pretty walkable. 10/10 recommend, totally shattered my expectations and we had a great time! everything is prefect  there is the subway near the house. also house is really pretty and neat.  thank you javier Javiers apartment is very clean and confortable. It is situated in a strategic position and very close to some main sights of Manatthan (central park, MET, ..) and to different metro lines. Lots of restaurants and bars in the neighborhood. Javier and his girlfriend are very nice persons and they were really helpful during our stay. Will absolutely seek out Sam & Javier next time Im in NYC! Loved our stay in their absolutely welcoming apartment. Sam was super accommodating with our check-in (coming from NH and CT) and they offered perfect recommendations for activities and dinner! Thanks guys!! Super comfortable beds; we slept great! The air conditioner and fan were nice too for comfort and white noise. Quite spacious for a Manhattan dwelling with elevator if you need it. Javier and Samantha were very gracious and helpful hosts. We hardly knew they were there most of the time. Excellent area for restaurants and safe at night. Close enough (if you like to walk) to Central Park to the west and Carl Shurz Park with walking and biking trail along the East River to the east. Subways nearby - Q is a newer stop or line (not sure). Excellent weekend and I hope to stay here again! Great location!  Javier was wonderful to work with! Absolutely amazing location. So close to the subway makes it easy to get anywhere you want to go. A few blocks from Central Park for the truest New York experience. The best hosts ever, would love to come back and stay here next time I’m in the city."	1
622	"This apartment is just beautiful. A ""light-filled corner glass apartment"" is the most perfect description. Its so cheery and bright which was very inviting on the cold weekend in NY. It is furnished beautifully and very clean and comfortable. Lovely bathroom with a deep soaker tub. Quiet and private despite lots of glass surrounding the living space. Marcus responded quickly to questions and made sure we were comfortable. The apartment is very accurate to the picture. We stayed over a month and extended twice with hassle free. Marcus is very friendly and easy-going. Although we didnt get to meet him, it was a very easy to communicate throughout our stay. Its very close to subway, so even though it is not located right in where the nightlife is we still managed to go out plenty of time. The neighbourhood is quite quiet, which is a nice surprise given you would normally expect a decent amount of noise in NY. I highly recommend this place to people who like a bit more space in a quieter area without giving up access to the nightlife.  Thanks Marcus for having us. We will definitely come back.  This apartment was cozy, clean, and comfortable. The pictures are an accurate representation of the apartment. It is perfect for two people! One of my favorite airbnb apartments so far for NYC, and I have stayed at plenty. The main reason why is ""the balcony"", when you open those sliding window/doors its like you open a world of opportunities and the brooklyn breeze is there to greet you. I love this apartment, also you can walk to prospect park in 15 mins which is my favorite park, the neighborhood is authentic, friendly and a has a relaxing vibe. The hosts are extremely organized, I wasnt use to having such an organize host, when i made some mistakes and called Marcus he was super friendly which is great. The apartment was super clean when I arrived, the entire trip was flawless. Thanks! If you have the opportunity to stay here, dont pass this up. Very beautiful place, highly recommend to stay here!! The host canceled this reservation 24 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great location in Brooklyn, super airy and spacious apartment...nothing not to love !"	1
623	Great communication through the entire process. Super clean and more spacious than the pictures show. Host very courteous and inviting. Zero complaints.  Very clean place to stay. Host is friendly and goes above and beyond to make your stay comfortable. Good place , very comfortable we had full control of the temperature and TV which made the stay much more peaceful and relaxing. Only small thing I would say is theres some stopping at night that can be a little hard to get used to but other than that its an amazing & comfortable place to stay  Very great service, extremely clean, same qualities as a hotel. Entertainment center was better than a 5 start hotel Very spacious and clean. Bed was comfortable and the tv was easy and accessible to use. Sufficient amenities and walking distance to the train and shops/restaurants. Only complaint was that at various times during the night, noise from upstairs could be heard clearly. Also, parking is challenging to find. Overall, we had a pleasant stay and the host was friendly and communicative.  Very good Great place great price. Best host I could ask for. Brought us down water and soda. Thanks very much.  Nice, clean place. Host was really kind and nice. I really enjoyed my stay.  stay was nice but door didnt completely shut causing mosquitos other then that it was cool He was very accommodating, and it was a nice place. Good spot, walking distance from the subway. We had a great stay. I had a very comfortable stay and will definitely be coming back here again. The basement was clean and well equipped with everything including an 82-inch flat screen TV, fast reliable wifi, dimmable lighting, kitchen stocked with basics, etc. Mr. Cheema went out of his way to make sure I had everything I needed and was easy to reach if I had any questions. My family and I loved the space. Its close to the train and buses so youre  not far from Downtown Manhattan and Liberty avenue has almost everything you could need. Im from Guyana and there were a lot of Guyanese business on Liberty just about 2 blocks away. The place is quiet, high speed WiFi, huge tv. We were out most of the day but for the days we were in it was well spent. My only complaint is the loud walking upstairs in the morning and evening, Im not a heavy sleeper so that bothered me. I brought it up with cheema, hes very helpful. Great host and great place I will definitely book again! Thanks a million Cheema and say. Very quiet and SAFE neighborhood as well I cant stress that enough,  Thanks for allowing us to stay in your home Cheema☺ Honestly one of my favorite places to stay via airbnb NY!! I felt both safe and comfortable which are my top priority when staying away from home. The quality of items and products provided during my stay were great! My only complaint is the parking, so if youre driving and plan to constantly drive during your stay just beware. Theres public transportation really close by and everything you can possibly need within walking distance also. I really hope to stay again during my next visit to NY!! The place was as described. It was away from the city but very easy to arrive at using subway line A, only takes about 30-45min depending on what part of they city You are heading to. We enjoyed our stay Extremely comfortable spot, with everything you need and more! Highly recommended Was pretty much as described - would rent again. The room is fantastic! Very clean and well equipped. The bed is amazingly comfortable, the tv and sound system rock, very nice towels, very nice kitchenette, and very clean.  The host was very nice.  My only complaints were loud feet up above and the occasional light smell of curry around dinner time.  The room is very close to the A train which takes you directly into manhattan and very close to delivery restaurants, shops, etc.   It takes about an hour to get to manhattan but its worth it for the room compared to others with similar price. My sons and I loved Balwinders place. Kids say best TV ever! My son wanted to stay in the apartment and never leave ha! I would recommend staying here amazing. parking is a little tough but the big space, great amenities and lovely overall atmosphere and hospitality are amazing. Very cute place with complete privacy. Only thing is that there are very loud footsteps but it wasnt too bad. Easy for a short stay (1 night) but had some issues with the public transit (there were a lot of lines closed for construction and the stop near the apartment stops running for late night) and its about 15 miles from Manhattan so was a costly taxi home and a lot longer than an hour - the place was clean, plenty of space, safe and easy to check into though! Just minor inconvenience with location/transportation.  Great place to stay especially for the value. The bed is super comfortable. For my taller folks be careful. Also when you get booked make sure you read the check in instructions. I really did enjoy staying at Balwinder’s  place. It was nice, clean and cozy. Only negative comment would be there was a bit of noise upstairs but overall I had a great time. I can’t wait to stay here again. Definitely would recommend this apartment for your stay. It was private and I liked that a lot too. Was a pleasure staying here. Highly recommend This was a great place to stay! Great amenities (stove/oven, fridge, washer/dryer, microwave, coffee machine). It was very clean, everything had a place and was arranged in a way where the space felt big despite only being one room. There were a lot of small touches that made it great. The host supplied things like plates, cups, silverware, towels, and extra blankets and pillows. There was a charger that supported multiple USBs. The TV was huge and had Netflix/Amazon video on it. While we were there, the host came down (asked first) and placed another plant and a full-length mirror in the space and said that another guest had suggested adding the mirror. He is clearly very receptive to guest feedback!! It was close enough to the train (maybe a 3-5 minute walk) that we had no issues getting there. The ride to Manhattan was a little long - anywhere from 45 minute to an hour depending on where you are going - so if plan on going to and from touristy things during your stay, you should account for that. But it was a good, quiet, clean place to stay and I would definitely recommend! Decent place to crash at when you would be spending most of the time outside. Although the the location may require about an hour subway ride to Times Square area, it was a pretty safe place with good restaurants nearby. And if you have a lot of luggage, it is pretty convenient to travel to JFK airport. Lovely, quiet neighborhood. Secure entry and a great value. Everything was great. Good place to stay. Will definitely consider staying here next time. The family is very helpful especially Mr.Cheema, he was a generous man , always willing to help. Our stay here was wonderful, the bed was so incredibly comfortable!! The host was super sweet and accessible. Thanks so much! The bed was extremely comfortable and we had everything we needed. Our host was really friendly and reassured us that we can contact him if we had any questions/request. I highly recommend this place for its proximity to JFK and its great price especially for all the amenities we received :) If you’re taller than 6 (Website hidden by Airbnb) not for you. BIG TV! The place was just as listed but definitely seemed better just being there. Its a great value for the privacy and space you get. There was a removable shower head, the tv was bigger than expected, complete privacy, very cozy comfortable bed. Me and my bf stayed here ... hes 62 and it was fine theres just two areas where the ceiling dips a bit but if you watch your head youll be fine. Location was a bit farther than expected but was worth it It is perfect for a couple or one person, very clean, bed was comfortable, tv was awesome. Everything was neat clean and proper, cant wait to stay another day This is the best entire home, I have stayed in.  All instructions are available for self check in  Its not expensive Secure / privacy Very clean Bed is comfortable No parking on the block but plenty around This was a very clean and very lovely place! Felt like home and I would recommend this to anyone looking for somewhere warm and welcoming! We came here to stay and celebrate for the weekend because it was me and my boyfriends anniversary. I must say that the space is quite amazing. The host was very warm, welcoming and helpful. The bed felt amazingly comfortable. The amenities such as cups, dishes and bathroom supplies definitely came in handy. The bathroom is kind of small, however I had no problem with that. The area is extremely close to the A train and had so many shops around such as food spots, liquor stores, shopping, convenience stores and so much more. I would definitely come back! Awesome place. Will stay again. Everything was fine. Balwinder was an amazing host, he called me immediately after I checked in to ask if everything was OK. The place was extremely tidy and Balwinder was easily reachable through the app. I recommend this place to anyone who is visiting NYC. Just as advertised Nice space Great room. Really big tv. Very cozy. Amazing bed I was here for a conference at MSK. I wanted to stay close to the airport on my last day. This place is exactly as advertised and the bed is extremely comfortable. Very good place and stay. Cheema was very helpful and the huge TV was cool. Great rental within easy reach of the airport. The bed was fantastic and the huge TV was a nice perk. Thank you. Cozy basement apartment with a huge tv and really comfortable bed. Nice little place, well kepted. Love the tv. Good stay, clean. Luckily over many airbnb stays I have never had to write a negative review. Until now. This was not a good experience. The main issue was communication with the host. There was constant lack of understanding between us. First came when checking in. We arrived very early, well before the check in time. I asked several times if it was ok to drop off our bags when we arrived and was clear about the time. The host replied back with no detail that it was fine. We arrived at the listing after we landed to find there was no key in the keybox. We knocked on the door and was greeted by someone other then the host who did not speak English and had no idea who we were. This messed up our entire plans for the day. I messaged the host several times and didnt receive a response until later that afternoon. Once we checked in we found the listing to be very messy. It was very loud and difficult to sleep. Massive construction behind meant a water outage during our trip which we were not informed about until that day. The poor communication continued throughout our entire stay. Sadly I will not recommend this listing and would never stay here again. Cozy place if youre planning to be near the airport. Check in was easy and very accessible. . Basement apartment has everything you need. Easy access to A train to Manhattan, near JFK, self check in and out. The sealing is very low, not for tall people. Comfortable bed and couch, really big tv but no cable. You can hear foot steps very loud all night, even at 4am... If you are not a deep sleeper it could be a problem. The water heater is on the basement, next to the bed, so there is a lot of noise all the time. The bathroom is very small and uncomfortable, also the shower faucet is broken, it falls off. One night, when we arrived, the tv was on, we did not leave it on, so someone came in without notifying. The last night there was a problem with electricity in the middle of the night, and we had to sleep with no heat on a cold winter night. The entrance to the basement is on construction, so it is a bit dirty and uncomfortable. Overall location is good but the place is not. Balwinder has a great place, super stylish and comfortable. It was perfect for us to make our early flight as it only took 10mins to get to the airport. The bed was definitely my favourite part of the stay - so comfortable!! My partner loved the huge plasma tv on the wall, was a great way to relax before bed. Highly recommend! It was a fine place. You get what you paid for. Not bad at all to spend few days close to the airport. The host was kind and very friendly Great place for the price. Great place as always Balwinder was a great host. Met all my needs and responded when I needed him. Would book again. The TV was amazing and the sofa was like the movie theater. Very nice place and quiet View clean Lovely Place & People . Amazing home! Very comfortable, Host had a heating system & air system near bed that can be plugged into wall if you ever get hot or cold, closet for our things, cooking supplies, silverware, A huge smart tv that came with netflix, hulu, music, ect... A comfy couch. Stores & bars were 2-3 blocks down & everytime i wrote the host he was very nice & polite. I will definitely come back & recommend my friends! Thank you for being a great host & thank you for letting me stay in your home. My stay was magnificent! This apartment is very nice and most importantly private. The smart tv is so big and nice; I enjoyed watching Netflix and playing video games on it. Also, the bed is so comfortable. It sinks and molds to your body, its like sleeping on clouds! The amenities were much needed; I used the blow dryer because I left mine behind thinking I didnt need it and my boyfriend ironed his birthday outfit. The bathroom is small but comfortable. Its a basement so the ceiling is kind of low. Im short so I didnt mind but my boyfriend is on the taller side so he bumped his head a few times. Honestly, it was a perfect place to celebrate my boyfriends birthday and to just relax without anyone bothering us. Will definitely be renting again in the future. The place was very well appointed, nicely decorated and clean. I didnt need for anything and the only time time I needed help, the host was pretty quick about it. I would stay there again if I ever needed to. Thanks! Balwinder was a great host from the beginning to the end and I enjoyed every minute of my stay. Counting this as one of the many places I can come to when traveling and visiting friends and family in Queens. High recommended with a great host to back up! 100/5 stars! Despite good location 10 minutes from jfk we would not stay here again. It was not clean, bed had sheets but was otherwise unmade, there were no instructions for tv or WiFi and you had to walk through a messy construction site to get to the door. As advertised. Very big,  comfortable, quiet and clean. The TV was a huge plus. The short distance to JFK is nice. It’s a good place Staying at Balwinder’s place was nice for one night. The place was clean and had amenities available. However, there is a very slow response from the host, if not, no response at all. The check in process was very clear. There is a lot of noise coming from upstairs throughout the day from the floor creaking. Otherwise, it was a nice stay. It wasn’t what I was expecting Great Airbnb near the airport. Check-in process was fast and easy to do on our own time. Parking was tough, but thats to be expected in NYC. Comfortable and clean. The host was phenomenal he kept in contact with me throughout my whole experience making sure my partner and I were as comfortable as possible ! Thanks Balwinder! The homeowners were very quick to answer any questions and made me feel very welcome plus the neighborhood has a ton of great stores close by!	1
624	This place was a really nice place to stay in. My room was clean and great. The neighborhood was pretty quiet and it was really close to the subway! The services were great. The room was clean and private. Exactly what I needed! This place was amazing! A block away from the subway, nice neighbourhood. If I come back to New York, I would stay with Roo & Neil. Amazing place. Its very good place!! Comfortable, clean and quiet! I recommend! The directions given for checking in were great.  The room was clean and had everything we needed.  I asked for a hair dryer for the next morning and they responded promptly with a dryer for me, thank you!   It was ok. Felt more like a hostile than an airbnb. The neighborhood was ok, it was close to a nicer neighborhood within walking distance. It was a small room to crash in for the night. Hospitality was nonexistent. For the money it was decent.  I would like to recommend Nadine`s place. Nadine was a very nice host, the place was very cleaned, the kitchen was great equipped. The neighborhood was cool. All the best.   Excellentes nuits chez Roo, Nadine et Neil. Lappartement est très bien situé, tout près du métro, rendant accessible tous les quartiers de NYC à 30 minutes maximum. Je recommande vivement ce logement. Lendroit est très propre et silencieux. The room was nice, small but did the job. We slept very well everyday, the bed was very comfortable. the wc was clean. The location isnt great but it isnt bad either, about 30/40mins to downtown/uptown, but no way to go without changing subway lines. All and all, good place to stay. Unfortunately I had to leave early because of personal circumstances, but Roo was a great host! EL ANUNCIO ES MENTIROSO. NO ES COMO LA FOTOS Overall the place wasnt bad for what we paid. The room was small especially as there was two of us in different beds but it had good air conditioning. This is place is next to a station which will take you into Manhattan with a change. I dont have much else to compare it to at the moment as I have only stayed at a few Air B&B places. really nice place, great location really relaxed!  Thanks for the stay! Great spot! Exactly as described! Very clean, safe, and good location. Would definitely consider staying here again. Super responsive hosts.    Tip: This is a sunny room in the morning. You might want to bring an eye mask for sleeping or stay in one of the other rooms in the house if that bothers you. La fotografía no muestra la verdadera dimensión del lugar, aparenta mayor tamaño. No es un espacio para dos camas, es una cama con un sofá, quedan los dos demasiado estrecho. Hay decepción. Very convenient check in, and very responsive host. There are a few others checking in the apt as well, but the room is very private. Checked in during a major heat wave in NYC, and the personal central air was a lifesaver. Super convenient to the trains, less than a block away.     Up and coming, and true Brooklyn experience. - Thanks for a great stay!! Everything was okay. Environment is super clean. Room is kind of small but good enough for one. Maintenance lady was very helpful with information. In the beginning,  was very stressful with the cancellation process tranfering from one host to the the other from you the company.  The Rep that finally helped me was amazing Wir haben uns wohl gefühlt, hatten alles was wir brauchten. Es stand, es hätte zwei Betten, das war wichtig, weil ich mit meinem Sohn (16) unterwegs war. Es hatte aber ein Sofa und ein Doppelbett und nur eine Decke.  Ansonsten war Nadine da für unsere Fragen, das Badezimmer und die Küche waren jeden Tag sauber und sehr gut funktionsfähig. Die Wohnung ist sehr nahe an einer Subwaystation und der Weg nach Manhattan ist einfach und kurz. Wir haben es genossen! The house is near the Metro station. 2 minute walk distance I think. The room is very clean and we enjoyed it so much. A nice stay indeed! The room was exactly as described. Clean and the bed is super comfy. The hosts are prompt to respond to any questions. Very close to the subway and a quick ride into Manhattan. We had very good experience with that place. Me and my friend stayed here for 7 days. Its incredible close to G line, so It will take you only 30 minutes to get to Manhatan, maybe even less depends on your destination. The place is really clean and nice, everything is new and comfortable. The room is very small, but you can see it on photos so we didnt expect more. We had only 2 small problems. This room is next to the kitchen, so people who wake up early cook and talk there and you can hear literally everything. The second problem is that there is a  window above the bed towards to kitchen, nobody can look there but if someone turn on the light in the night in the kitchen it will light this room too. Besides that everything was cool, the host is very nice and helpful. Definitely would stay here again next time. The location is unbeatable. Its so close to Manhattan, so you can start your experience. Everyone was so nice and we felt welcome.  Thank you very much. Nice place, clean and close to the subway. I just met Nadine, she was lovely. Great place, Great neighborhood. Nadine is working hard to make the stay pleasant, she is very nice, very respectful. I loved id  I enjoyed my stay here! It was a short walk to the metro and there was free accessible parking outside of the place (depending on a certain day of the week you have to park on a certain side of the street) I was a little hot in the room, but Im not sure where the AC unit was either. I would stay here again.  Great spot close to the metro!  MY Stay at Brooklyn was nice and without any Issues. Room was as described, but a bit small for 2.  We still enjoyed it. Thanks Exceptional stay, the location was less than two blocks from the subway stop, the bathroom was very clean and spacious, and the rooms were wonderful, and very comfortable! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting the city Perfecto Met upon arrival, willingness to chat amiably, eagerness to make ones stay as pleasant as possible. Le seul problème était le froid dans la chambre car le chauffage a eu beaucoup de difficulté à démarrer. Accoglienza buona. Casa pulita. Belle persone. Quartiere ben collegato al centro con la linea G. Bar hipster  vicino casa con cornetti e caffè. Consigliatissimo Stayed with Nadine twice this week, both were excellent.  Simple check in and close to the train. Very good value for this location, room was clean and guests/host were friendly and respectful.    I would gladly recommend this location, and would definitely stay there again.     If you have a lot of luggage, you may feel its not big but it was really comfortable and clean!  Hello Travelers, this apartment is great, lovely and trust you will enjoy every moments of your stay and have no regret for anything. Have a nice time. Warm and cozy room very close to the metro station, very convenient for visiting Manhattan and for resting after a long day of walking :)  Clean, ok for short stay The double room was perfect & the location is great as its right next to the station.  Nadines place is a great value - I was able to stay for a full two weeks at a very reasonable price. The location is accessible to the rest of New York, being very close to the metro, and it took me about 25-40 minutes to get to lower Manhattan. The neighborhood itself, while I did not experience any problems, is not in the safest part of BedStuy, but since the apartment is so close to the metro, I just recommend being smart if staying out late or walking around after the work rush! Overall, the house is in good condition and if you are traveling or just need an affordable place to stay at, then this is what you are looking for. This place is sufficient for a short stay. Its close to transit, and its close to a few great coffee shops.  Nice Place to stay!! I had a great time here. My room was a bit small but it was very comfy and served its purpose. The bathroom was always clean and had various appliances that were able to be used. The kitchen was also always clean and I was able to cook when I wanted. Definitely a place Id come back to While I was only there for one night, I enjoyed my stay. Communication was easy, and this room (and apartment) was very clean and well maintained... as was the (shared) bathroom, which I was all very impressed about. This place has a hostel-type feel as it could host multiple guests at once, upstairs and downstairs, and has a communal vibe (which is rad). Obviously you get your own room, and this particular one has a nice big bed for one person.  The neighborhood seemed to be safe enough - again I was there too briefly - and while there wasnt a ton of places nearby within a few minutes, if youre willing to travel by foot a little youll find some establishments. And while I didnt use it, the nearest subway is a stones throw away.  Overall, great value for the thrifty traveler, and it offers a cool, authentic Brooklyn experience. My friend and I enjoyed our stay here very much.  The house is located around the corner from the subway, and Nadine was a pleaseure to speak with.  The bed and bathroom were clean and comfortable.  I would come again. Logement sympathique, bien situé, proche du métro et accessible niveau prix. a nice place. i had a cold shower, however. Great place! Good place for budget accommodation. Good for 3 nights and to sleep!  The flat is clean, the room is convenient for two persons sleeping in the same bed. Bathroom clean. Close to metro station (2 min) on G line. En revanche, la ligne G nest pas la plus pratique, en raison des connexions vers le centre. Être un poil plus au sud ou un poil plus au nord pour être sur une ligne plus directe pourrait être plus pratique. Mais sinon lappartement reste très bien situé. They gave me everything I needed for a smooth check-in and overnight stay!  We felt very lucky to find this place on short notice at a decent price.  Definitely no frills, but if like us youre just looking for a place to catch a nights rest, it does the trick.  One caveat - if you have a bad back, you may find the mattress less than comfortable; I wish I had slept on the futon instead! The room was nice and the flat comfortable. The location was close to public transports and to a local coffee place which was really convenient for breakfast. Nadine was a great host and the atmosphere within the flat was enjoyable. Good place to spend a few nights in the city - the room is not big, and there were no closets or hangers, but the price was right. the location and public transport not great. You need to switch trains two or three times if going into Manhattan. Though we did not feel unsafe while there, the house is not located in the greatest part of Brooklyn. It only has a deli, a coffee shop and a fried chicken place nearby. It is close to a train station, so just be extra careful when coming back late at night. the street, and the house are very dark, making it a little hard to find. Overall, I would recommend this place, with careful planning about transportation times and options. I did not interact with Nadine very much, but she was friendly and accommodating when I needed anything.  It was really nice!  The place was nice, nearby to the subway, very convenient.  Nice star, very easy checkin. Place had everything that was needed. Stayed by myself was enough room. Overall good stay and easy to get to Manhattan by metro. Clean and beautiful place. Very convenient for its close to public transportations. Thanks for hosting:) In a great location and the room has a nice fan that helps with the summer heat.   Horrible experience. Place was extremely dirty and unorganized. Felt very taken advantage of by this listing. The location is good,near by subway. The front yard is messy. Its too many stuff in the house everywhere. The wall of my room 1 soundproof if not good at all. I booked this place because Im very picky about the cleanliness of the bed and the bathroom. You wont be disappointed here, its very clean and the listing is very accurate about the small space youll have. Another thing, if youre like me and you cant sleep unless the AC is blasting, then this is the place for you because I cant sleep with warm conditions. Dont come back late if you have a car, you wont find parking!  Overall, I would deff come back here again.  The host(s) did an accurate job in describing the size of the room and the furniture there within. Both queen bed and a futon were in the room and we had no problem with the limited space, because it was as described. That is where the accuracy, and Id also venture to say truthfulness,  of the posting ends...There is a subway stop a block away and we had no problem finding parking in front of the building..What is not described in the posting was that this residence houses multiple rooms and subsequently MULTIPLE AirBnB guests at the same time. We did not have an opportunity to observe the huge backyard that was listed, but the room that we reserved were not in an acceptable condition, to include the floor of our room was thick with dust, the sheets on the queen bed were blood stained, the curtains were stained, a portion of the ceiling was peeling and water stained and there were exposed pipes in the room. This is in stark contrast to the professional cleaning that is mentioned in the posting. (Upon booking you are assessed a $15 cleaning fee) Our host also entered our room without notice or permission. Overall bad experience and I would not recommend staying here. If youre looking for a cheap place to stay, this will do. If you need a little more comfort (not loud, decently clean, smells ok, not sketchy neighborhood or communications with host) you might want to look elsewhere. I would spend a little extra to stay somewhere nicer next time. Great place to stay. Nice and clean it was great thanks We don’t know if they’re other guests or just people that live there but it was impossible to sleep in the morning with all the doors slamming. The location is just about one block from the metro station which is good. The room was extremely small but it was ok for spending just one night. Beware! This place is absolutely nothing like what the photos show. It is in a very bad neighborhood and there is no furniture in the common areas like shown in the photos. There is an old mattress on the front porch and the front entry area is falling apart. It is dirty dingy and exactly like an illegal hotel or a really crummy hostel. Doors are labeled with a b c and d etc for the six to eight rooms that are rented out. Host does not even live there and hires some girl to clean for her in exchange for renting a room. If you want a quality Airbnb experience do not go here. They also refused to give us a refund before we even checked in because we arrived to drop off our bags and saw what a dump the place was. I took my own pictures and sent them to Airbnb who promptly gave me a refund because the host refused to. Chambre avec clim, située à 2min à pied dune station de métro, ~25min de Manhattan   Check-in très facile This stay is an incredible value. The room was clean, as was the shared bathroom, and it was kept clean during my 7 day stay.  The hosts were super responsive. When we asked for an extra blanket it appeared like magic. Great value for money. I had a really good time there. They are really friendly people. Its not the most exiting neighbourhood but its a good place to stay (: The communication on the AirBnB app was good and quick. However, while I stayed there, less so. At times one of the tenants was rather loud. Overall, I think it was alright! Check in was easy, Room 1 was nice not not big enough for two people if you both got suitcases a bit cold at time. Bathroom was nice clean only problem was I went to get a shower and it was cold. But nice place to stay Great location to crash and burn NY. Not a place you want to spend a lot of time. The room was small, and the shared kitchen was ok. Shower was fine, and easy access with keypad entry. Great location next to the train. Good cafe around the corner. Overall its alright, you get what you pay for. However keep in mind they have limited hot water and we had to take multiple nights of cold showers during the winter - not the best of experience, along with the room not being completely warm enough due to the windows not keeping the cold breeze out. Generally, I recommend this room. The room is clean and within walk distance to subway station. The house is also convenient for cooking and there is a supermarket nearby. I live there for three nights. I want to change clean bath towels everyday. I told to the host but she did not change them, maybe she forget. But I think the host should be more helpful~ nice host, convenient location, kitchen is large, the bedroom I lived is not large, and the heating system is not as good as imagined, air conditioner is needed to keep warm Awesome stay thank you!  The room is very very tiny and there is no tv and one of the host was very unwelcome..when we first alked in it was freezing when asked to turn the heat on it was too high i woke up sweating	0
625	Stayed here for almost a week. Its an amazing location. Right next to the highline. I needed toilet paper and blankets and Nina brought them over at my request! Great place if youre looking for a longer stay in Manhattan. 2 bedrooms, one is much smaller then the other. Over all a wonderful area, I will totally stay again.  Muy buena ubicación, cerca del transporte público.  The location of this apartment is perfect. So close to Chelseas Market and the High Line. Easy to jump on Citi bikes to get around. The only issues we had were finding the place (address listed is not accurate),  noise level of the streets all throughout the night and then the cleanliness of the apartment.  Nina was very responsive throughout our stay. She was also very understanding about the cleaning issue and helped us out with that. I would recommend this apartment in the future for those wanting to be a part of the night life in NYC.  Close to nightlife - The communication was great, we need iron and kettle and Nina order it immediately from Amazon. - There is a bar SO the area was noisy at night, we cant sleep until 5 am, and the AC was noisy too. - There is a parking garage in the street and its cost 16$ a day (I think).     Ninas place is very comfortable and the location is great!, just a couple of blocks away from Chelsea Market, the Highline and Chelsea Piers.  Nina was very kind with us during the process.   Although the building common areas are not as clean as they should, The apartment was clean and nice.  Be aware that a club is on the first level so it could be hard on light sleepers, not a biggie for me and my wife. We had a great stay at Ninas place! Great location. Ninas place is great - perfect location for my trip, clean and comfortable.  As other reviewers note, it is on a louder street so there is definitely some street noise (however this is NYC and you will likely hear that just about anywhere). Great location, right next to Chelsea Market and the High Line. Apartment was clean and tidy, a little on the small side, but for the location perfect for our party of three. Ninas place is in a great location. Cross the street and your at Chelsey market and bonus, one of NY best pizza places (Artichoke Pizza) is just a few steps away.  Communication was great no issues at all. Great location and a lot quieter than expected, given the super trendy neighborhood. Stellar communication and the easiest access/most convenient check in I have ever experienced. Would definitely stay with Nina again. The location was good, but bring ear plugs as there are multiple clubs downstairs including police presence. The entrance to the building was difficult to open, and the key handover process wasnt smooth as we had to pick up the key a number of blocks away from the property at a key cafe with our luggage.   The small stuff, shower curtain kept detaching, the shower strength was weak. The photos on the site didnt accurately reflect how the property actually looks like. It was very basic. Comparing to other hosts, the host of this property wasnt the most responsive. However, what needed to be done got done. If you plan to be out all day, then it would be satisfactory.   I liked the place a lot. I would book it again. I saved it to my favorite list. And Nina was very fast at responding. Very nice location and many places around to go out to but can be noisy because of the bar next door. The appartement looked better on the photos but was okay for 2 people. Nonetheless do not expect to eat in, not so many kitchen silverware. Very easy to contact Nina and easy check-in, we enjoyed our stay there. Very very well situated but definitively too noisy because of the pizzeria Nina was a great communicator and excellent host. Her place is in an AMAZING LOCATION!!! Cannot be beat!!! Have fun and enjoy yourself in Chelsea, coz this place is in the heart of it all! Great place, Great spot Nina’s is one the best options in Manhattan, if you are trying to get something affordable. The location is the best. The bed are comfortable. You will get all that you need for a short staying. While our stay at Ninas place wasnt perfect, Nina was a very responsive host and took steps to try to correct for the issues that came up—including a reimbursement for the trouble caused. Unfortunately for us, some basic necessities were overlooked, including not having toilet paper or bedding properly stocked at the apartment. However I have a lot of faith that Nina will take efforts to ensure that the experience we had isnt repeated for future guests.  The apartment is very conveniently located, however it is small and a little noisy, as other reviewers have mentioned. However the apartment was clean and did the trick as a home base for the weekend. Very disappointed.  Unclean room and nothing like the pictures indicate. Broken furniture, no window coverings on 2 windows including the main bedroom and bedding  was  insufficient. No heat 1 night and the next  no hot water.  Floors unswept and gritty and dirty. Window ledges covered in dirt and window airconditioer sitting inside on 1 window sill covered in outside grime and bird droppings. Not the best part of Chelsea with yelling and screaming outside all night. Nina did address the bed covering after the first night by Amazon delivery but not the cleaning. Only responded that shed had a friend clean this time. Friend didnt come clean. This apartment has a fantastic location, steps away from Chelsea Market with all its amazing food and the High Line.   Its nicely sized by Manhattan standards with a well-designed kitchen, spacious bathroom, and 2 proper bedrooms.  Nina was great about communicating and check-in and -out were very easy.  The only drawback is street noise--the apartment is above a bar and club and it was very noisy the 2 weekend nights we spent there (think nonstop Uber honking at 3 am).  I recommend ear plugs.  Otherwise, a great value & location in NYC. This is a very small apt in a good location. Close to the subway, Chelsea Market and High Line. Good for  1 or 2  people.Nina is very responsive and was quick to address some concerns upon my arrival. Ninas place was a very nice, convenient place to stay.  No frills, but great value and easy check in with keycafe. Id recommend it! Great place !!	0
626	Pretty standard 1br apartment in Brooklyn. Simple interior with a single sized bed. The neighborhood can get pretty lively on weekends and a little loud, but its safe.  Its in an area thats well connected to the subway system which made exploring the city very easy. Also, there are many nice coffee shops, bars, and restaurants within walking distance. Simple and nice place. Nice location Emet was a really good host. The apartment was clean, and the  neighborhood was Ok.  It was nice to stay in his apartment.  A good bargain conveniently located next to subway access.  Excellent launch pad for adventures all throughout the city! Emet was there to meet me to give me the keys, and show me the unit.  The neighborhood was o.k.  Convenient to several subways, and walking distance to great places for food, drinks, & coffee.  The building however is quite noisy on the weekends, and people tend to gather on the sidewalks talking until dawn.  Cars with loud stereos are also annoying.  I suggest bringing headphones if you want to get any sleep at all.  The bed is very small, so not for big / tall people.  Clean bathroom, ample hot water. Emet was nice and welcoming Emet was very accomodating for my late arrival.  Very clean.  Noisy neighborhood, but too tired to care very much. We arrived at a late hour on a Friday night and Emet was very accomodating. The apartment was very clean and everything works like it should. The location is great if youre into exploring cool bars and restaurants. Great communication all around. The apartment is great! Great location, clean, safe and easy to get to. Emet is really nice person: the train was late and he waited for us to give us the keys.  The apartment is as described on the listing and very clean. It is good for two people. The location is also perfect because close two subways to reach Manhattan: Hewes  and Marcy (in Marcy there is the elevator that helps if you have heavy suitcases).   The neighborhood is safe and there are a lot of places to enjoy the evenings.  Next time I will visit NYC I will try to book again with Emet if the apartment is available. 	0
627	Cristina’s place is one of a kind. Definitely a must stay at! The apartment is clean, super comfortable, and beautifully decorated. Perfect for 1-2 travelers. The apartment is centrally located and a 3 minute walk to the N and R subways, shopping, bars, and restaurants. The wonderful TV, Netflix, premium channels, etc. was a nice added bonus. Cristina was always available to answer any questions and to give recommendations for restaurants, bars, things to do/see. The Pomeroy was my favorite! Cristina is truly a wonderful, thoughtful, and accommodating host. I  highly recommend and cant wait to book again! This place was absolutely phenomenal! It was so beautifully decorated and had a personal greeting upon entering. She also had like a mini snack bar for us as guests with extremely beautiful and comfortable appliances. Everything looks beautiful in the pictures but even better in person. She had amazing communication and was extremely helpful throughout our stay. Would definitely recommend this place to everyone and look forward to staying here the next time we are in the city! Cristina is a fantastic host that goes above and beyond and provides great amenities. Her bubbly personality and quick response communication was a plus! The beautifully decorated studio apartment is in an outstanding location to great restaurants , coffee shops, cool vintage stores and a quick walk to the subway.   We use Airbnb rentals often and this is definitely one of our favorite experiences.  Would highly recommend Cristina and her place in Astoria.  We hope to come back soon! Wow, Wow, Wow. Christina is beyond an amazing host. I was able to talk directly to her shortly after booking the room. The week leading up to our arrival she made sure she stayed in contact. The day of our arrival she emailed us with complete directions in which train to take and how to get there from subway station. When we opened the door to our private secluded room it was sparkling clean and she left a wonderful personal message welcoming us. Her attention to the smallest details was beyond our expectations. The helpful guides she left about restaurants, attractions, transportation was very comforting. This was our first time using AIRBNB because we have always stayed at a hotel in Manhattan. The amenities that were given to us surpassed many of the 3 and 4 star hotels that we have stayed at in the past. Christina is a warm, kind,  friendly person and we were sad about having to leave. We now have found a permanent place for our future trips to the city. There literally is not a single negative comment that I can make about our 5 day stay at this terrific room. A Must Stay. A must stay place!! Very clean and cosy space in a nice area,  Cristina was very reactive and arranging. We enjoyed our stay Cristina was a wonderful host who responded quickly and was super flexible and communicative.   She hosted my parents while they were visiting, and as an Astoria, NY resident for over 10 years (I live 2 blocks from the studio), I can say that Cristina’s studio is spacious, clean, filled with lovely decorative touches and is in the heart of the Astoria-Ditmars area.   You are only a 2-3 minute walk to the NW subway which will take you into Manhattan in 15-20 minutes and you are within walking distance to some of Astoria’s best restaurants, bars and shops. Also, it is about a 10 minute walk to Astoria Park which has great views of the city and bike lanes/running/walking paths.   I am a bit biased because I think Astoria is the best neighborhood in NYC, but if you want an affordable, clean place to stay close to the city, but in a real neighborhood full of lots of amenities, stay at Cristina’s. You won’t be disappointed! This little studio was so cute and immaculate. Comfortable and with all of the amenities that a much more expensive hotel room would provide and then some. The neighborhood is brimming with good food, places to drink and very close to the subway. Cristina was attentive and responsive; a fantastic hostess! Cristinas place is an amazing find! Warm, inviting, and impeccably decorated. Id recommend it to anyone looking for a place to stay in Astoria. For the uninitiated, Astoria is a lovely little ecosystem of its own filled with shops, restaurants, and nightlife, and Cristinas apartment is right in the heart of it all. Communication was swift and effortless and Cristina was a gracious and accommodating host. Cant wait to stay here again. THANKS! Cristina was a responsive host, check-in was super easy, and the apartment was so cute! Its very small, but the location was perfect (just a block to the subway) and everything was clean and stylish. You can tell Cristina puts a lot of thought into making this place comfortable for her guests. Highly recommend!	1
628	I spent 2 weeks at Michaels place in July 2015. When I arrived I received a warmly welcome, Michael shared his dinner with me and later also his vegan chocolate. He is a friendly and easy-going guy and so was sharing the apartment with him. The apartment itself is nice and quiet, it is only a short walk to the subway stations nearby. I liked staying at Michaels place and had a good time in Brooklyn. But I think he could work on the cleanliness of his bathroom. I really enjoyed staying at Michaels place jn Brooklyn. The neighborhood is what you would expect for Bedstuy, but I never felt uncomfortable. Lots of corner stores and great pizza! Short walk to the subway, though Brooklyn subways being what they are, sometimes its difficult to get into the city. Michaels an excellent accommodating roommate. The deck is small but useful for drying clothes (in nice weather). Washer and dryer in the basement, and they both work. 1.50 for a wash, 1.00 for dry.    All in all, I definitely reccomend staying with Michael if youre looking for a Brooklyn place to stay. My husband, cat, and I stayed with Michael for a month after relocating to NYC from LA. Michaels place was perfect. It was exactly as pictured and close to many different trains. Michael was easy to get along with and helpful with the few questions we did have. Room is a perfect size for 2 ad offered tons of space to store our many suitcases.  Michael was a welcoming host. Comfortable bed and a pretty quiet neighborhood. Short walk to different subway lines, its an easy location to get into the city or around Brooklyn.  we can find a house easily.  In my opinion,location is only good  when i come the house, there are strange smell  And light of this room is not working.  The most worst thing is no clean.....  restroom,bedroom.... there are  lot of hair pieces ( that was not mine)   Great place! Room is cozy, neighborhood is welcoming, and Michael is super nice. very friendly, openmind, helpful and in the same time very respectuous of privacy. We have the feeling that the room and all the appartment is only for you. Staying with Michael was so great. His home is lovely, conveniently located near two trains, clean, and peaceful. Ill definitely return here on my next trip to NY! Michael was such a nice host -- he was so accommodating to our senior dog and understanding of her occasional bread-stealing!  We stayed for over a month while we looked for our own place to move.  The apartment is in a friendly neighborhood with many long-term residents, and close to the JMZ and G lines. We loved walking to the nearby dog run and to Clementine Bakery.  La casa è a 5 minuti a piedi da 2 diverse stazioni della metro. Il quartiere allinizio non ci ha fatto una bellissima impressione, ma è tranquillo. La nostra stanza era piccola ma il letto era comodo e cera abbastanza spazio dove sistemare i bagagli. Il bagno e la casa in generale erano abbastanza sporchi, forse perchè erano giorni molto impegnati per Michael e non ha avuto tempo per pulire. Noi non siamo molto schizzinosi ma per alcuni ospiti poteva essere troppo sporco... Un amico di Michael dormiva sul divano, per noi non è stato un problema ma forse per qualcuno potrebbe esserlo. Comunque Michael è stato gentile e disponibile, al nostro arrivo non cera ma ci ha fatto trovare le chiavi e si è assicurato che andasse tutto bene. Tutto sommato il soggiorno è stato buono! Michael was a wonderful host! He took great care of my dog Mickey and I, was very friendly and helpful, and has a wonderful apartment in a beautiful neighborhood close to everything you could want.  Id highly recommend him and his place to anyone!  Thanks, Michael! Clean room and bathroom with two nice windows  We had a great stay at Michaels place. It was clean, comfortable and in easy walking distance from the subway, which runs straight to Manhattan via the M and J lines. More over Michael is a great and very attentive host. Highly recommendable. Michaels room here was so great - huge windows to the yard outside, which is full of green space.  We loved the relaxed attitude and everything was very smooth! Its a nice little private room in Brooklyn, only a couple blocks from bus or subway, nice if youre destination is in Brooklyn.  Michael was a friendly host who went out of his way to make things work well.  Petite chambre mais lumineuse et avec rangement!  Le métro est à 10-15min à pied, mais cest une ligne qui dessert des stations centrales dans Manhattan. Michael is a great guy! I really enjoyed staying there, relatively close to the train, very big room, very cozy!  Michaels place is a nice appartment not far from the subway (20 minutes to the center of Manhattan). As we were visiting NY all day, we havent seen Michael very often. I had a great stay at Michaels place. He was easily contactable and accomodating. The neighborhood is very friendly and gets you directly into brooklyn vibrancy.  Michael is a great host, friendly, respectful and accommodating. I had the whole apartment for myself most of the time.  If I had to return to NYC, Id probably rebook this room. Clean & simple room in a very cosy and peaceful appartement. Michael was very kind and easy to talk to, always available to give info and help! Schönes Zimmer mit einem Ausblick in den Garten, nahe an der Subway und man ist direkt im Leben von Brooklyn. Michael war freundlich auch wenn wir ihn nicht viel gesehen haben. Michael’s place is great. True Brooklyn experience! If you’re a picky traveller or expecting hotel-like accommodations, you shouldn’t be Airbnb-ing in BedStuy. That said, his place is clean, in a beautiful old building, big windows, secure, and comfy! I’m a repeat guest and will continue to book with Michael! Michael is easy to communicate with,  his place is close to subway (max 10 minutes walk) and to a big food supermarket. The location is quite ok since it is quite near to Manhattan but I wouldnt walk the neighborhood alone at night. There were a few issues but all in all, the place is good if you want to explore the city. Appartamento carino condiviso con lospitante in una zona di Brooklyn non ancora gentrificata e vicina a due metro. Stanza non grande ma silenziosa e con vista sul cortile sul retro. Oste affidabile ma minima interazione con gli ospiti.	0
629	Bonne experience Taylors place was great. When I came in I already liked the place because it smelled really good. The room I stayed in was small, but the bed was neatly made and there were fresh folded towels on the bed, and they smelled nice too. Bathroom was clean. This place isnt that near a metro but otherwise thats fine and I take Uber pool in the night anyway. At first Taylor was easy to reach but then I wanted to renew my stay but I could not reach Taylor the last two days so I was a little bit stuck. That part sucked for me. But the directions on how to get inside and everything was clear. Overall a nice play to stay.  The place is conveniently close to a subway line into NYC and Williamsburg. Several local bars are nearby, and overall not that noisy.  Ok The location was convenient to get on the subway towards Manhattan, but this is the first airbnb that Ive felt that as if were staying at a hostel. The other guest were noisy and didnt leave the bathroom clean. The room was also a little too cozy much smaller than I expected.  Nice, cozy, clean  This was a nice simple place for a few nights, nothing fancy but just what we needed. The host was hard to contact and we didnt see her at all. Wifi was decent and bed was comfy. The apartment was clean and tidy. The area was not very nice but when you were inside the apartment you felt totally safe. Subway stop was super accessible and really is a swift 15-20 mins to manhattan :) ps the hairdryer is in the bathroom drawer underneath the sink  Taylors place was great! The room, bathroom and common area were clean. The kitchen was nice, although we never used it. The apartment was about a 5 minute walk to the L-train. I never felt unsafe in the neighborhood, even when walking back at midnight or later.  We stayed during the July 4th weekend, and Taylor was great with communication about the celebrations and noise. Overall experience: 10/10! The place is not worth the money!   A bad experience:  Before checking in with a friend, we agreed with Taylor that we could check in before 4 pm. We put our luggage and stuff inside the room and got out. When we came back, none of our stuff was in the room. Later that night we found all our stuff in some plastic bags outside the apartment.... If we agree on something, then I expect the host to act according to that agreement.   About the apartment:  The apartment is much smaller than it looks in the pictures, and we were sharing the kitchen and two bathrooms with more than 8 people, which is just too much if you ask me. Every morning we spend over 15 minutes just waiting for the bathroom. The room we slept in was very small too. We could barely move.  The room was small but clean and great value for what we paid for. Taylors place was also a very close walk to the subway and a quick jog to some great eateries. If youre looking for a place to crash then this is the room for you. If you plan to spend some time here or are coming as I couple I wouldnt recommend it. The room is very basic but the apartment has what you need for a base to get around New York.  The area is very nice, short walk to get to the subway and safe to walk at night. Exactly what we needed, just a place to rest our heads before hopping over to Manhattan. If you do stay with Taylor, check out Houdinis Pizza for a bite just a couple blocks away! Everything was good, we didnt have any problems. We asked to leave our lugagge before the check in time and Taylor let us without problem We didn´t meet Tane but we had a good time in her place. It was clean and very close to subway (around 5 min). Apt is really easy to find. Room is small (only bed), but we came there to visit NYC not to spend a lot of time on apt, so for us it wasn´t a problem. For that money we recommend this place.  Michal and Barbora Great room Well... Host was incredibly nice and kind, there wasnt any problem with leaving our suitcases for few hours after check-out. But there was an empty bottle under our bed, there wasnt any light in one bathroom and there wasnt any hot water or mirror in the second one. This room is for 1 person, not for a couple - with our suitcases in the room there was bo space for us left even to stand. And for me bathrooms were really messy. All place is smaller than in the pictures in reality. But like I said the host was really kind and there was no problem with communication with her. It took us about 40 minutes by subway to go to Times Square. The subway station is really close, like 5 minutes walk. At all, the prize was low so it wasnt that bad but im telling you - it was tiny and dirty Decent Stay Renovated Place Bathrooms very nicely renovated. We unfortunately had really noisy and nasty roommates. They stayed up untile 2 am talking and screaming all night even after I ask them to respect quiet hours. They had their stuff everywhere garbage filled to the top. Nothing against the host but not the most comfortable host Great stay, everything was automated and pretty clean. Very well thought out. Would stay again! Horrible first night. Loud and was walked in on in the middle of the night. Second night was much quieter and over all better but didnt compensate for the night prior. Its cheap considering location so if you JUST need a few hour crash place and a quick shower this may work out fine It is a small room, but perfect for visiting New York! Close to public transport. Clean place near public transport. Small room. Wi fi perfect, great Brooklyn place near Subway. Everything was alright, i can recommend  Estuve 5 días con mi novio excelente ubicación , departamento con todas las comodidades limpio muy agradable . El metro te conecta fácil con Manhattan . 100% recomendable en mi próxima visita sin dudar lo volvería a elegir ! Wonderful stay, nice and warm! Very clean and nice! Awesome place! Affordable and cute! Easy check in. Provides towels. 2 baths, 4 rooms. Close to subway station. Such a pleasure to stay Thank you Tane!  Good place to stay at,, pretty clean Great for solo travelers or couples wanting to stay somewhere cheap. 5 min walk to the subway entrance. Not the best neighborhood but I never had an issue walking alone at night to and from the subway. It’s a great place to stay and meet other travelers. It was the worst apartment I have ever been at. It was very cold and thats why I have a runny nose now. There were problems with wifi and I have never seen Tane. I would recommend this apartment even for this price. Small but very cozy room with a comfortable bed. The common area has a nice kitchen with everything you need and some place to relax. Everything looked very clean. Also, I always felt save when walking there from the subway station, even alone at night. The only con: There was no hot water during my stay, but I guess this will be fixed soon.	1
630	"(Website hidden by Airbnb) first time on AirBnB and it couldnt have been better. The area is great. Its walking distance to Barclays Center and Downtown Brooklyn but also to the Botanic Garden and the Brooklyn Museum, which are all worth seeing! The room in fact is bright and big. I slept perfectly well on that bed. WiFi worked reliably (which I really appreciated) and bathroom is also nothing to worry about. Mitty is a great host and introduced me reasonably to the rules in the house. Besides that he is a great conversationalist and recommended interesting spots to me.   Mitty was a great host, on a beautiful street in a fantastic neighborhood. Cant recommend enough! We stayed for a week in Mittys home in Prospect Place. It was our first experience with airbnb and it could not have been better. Location: absolutely perfect. It is in a quiet residential neighborhood. You can walk a couple of blocks to a commercial intersection where there is a grocery store, newspaper stand, several small eating places, and (upcoming) a Starbucks. There is also a Subway station (7th Avenue) with the Q line that takes you into Manhattan, with a beautiful view of the Brooklyn Bridge along the way. Within a few blocks is the Atlantic Avenue -Barclays Center Station that has several lines. The neighborhood felt safe, clean, and friendly. It was a pleasure to walk around and admire the small gardens, peek in at brownstone renovations, or greet locals walking their dogs. On a couple of occasions when we needed directions or advice, the people we approached were extremely helpful, and gave us very precise information. One day we walked to and across the Brooklyn Bridge, which was fabulous! Dwellings: the house is a beautiful and very well maintained historic brownstone with several levels. Inside is very welcoming, with a smiling photograph of Naia greeting you at the entrance, an interesting collected folk art, mixed in with lovely children’s art and posters of various events. The house is a celebration of diversity and of community engagement with a cheerful atmosphere that that just makes you happy to be there. Room: Our room was on the 2nd floor (some 20 steps up). We had initially booked the Big Sunny Room, but Mitty generously gave us his own bedroom (the Private Room in the airbnb listing) as the Big Sunny Room was being rearranged. The queen size bed was so comfortable that I often slept late in the morning, and awoke totally rested. We had very fast and reliable wifi access. The street and the house were both very quiet & peaceful. I realized how fond we became of the place when one evening I said to my spouse: “let’s go back home” by which I meant Prospect place! Out host: Mitty was wonderful. He has grown up in the neighborhood, which he knows very well and advocates for, encouraging us for example to visit the Brooklyn Museum. He was super nice to orient us on the first day and give us useful tips of where to eat or catch the subway, and suggested several activities ongoing in the city. We certainly would have loved to socialize more with him, but spent most of our time exploring New York, returning “home” only to sleep. Naia was there one day during the week; she is a delightful, polite, and engaging child who plays the piano beautifully. Overall we had a wonderful stay, and I can only recommend Mitty’s home for the charm of its neighborhood, the convenience of its location, the comfort of its lodgings, and the kindness and professionalism of its host. Thank you Mitty, we hope to be... The photos do not correspond to the room that is offered. It was messy and dirty, there were no wardrobe for our clothes and the host let all his belongs spread in the room as this was a storage room.  If you dont mind about the light in the morning ok, but advised that the curtains were so thin that we couldnt sleep well because the room was so shiny.     There were no keys for the room, so the host got in our room while we were absent and without our permission.    We were not able to use the kitchen as written in the description and there was no space in the fridge to put our food. As the host explained to us that we couldnt use the kitchen because of the germs that we could leave, it would have been nice that the sheets used for the bed were washed between each guest to avoid germs too.    To complete the experience, two days after leaving the apartment, we received an email on our personal email by Mittie to say that we had made three huge stains on the sofa bed. He asked us if we had any kind of insurance to help cover the damages and if we wished to come & see it for ourselves. He put the price of a new sofa, 3500 US $, and assumed we would give him the money.  Naturally, we refused to pay anything as we didnt do anything and after lots of good experiences in Airbnb, we were very disappointed and we hope that this type of guest would no longer exist in Airbnb.    If you dont mind these type of surprises the one good point is that the apartment is close to the subway.       We stayed for 5 nights in room #1 which offers more than enough space for 2 persons. Its a very nice, bright and clean room. Mitty is an open-minded and welcoming host who gave us helpful information for our stay in NYC. The house has a cozy atmosphere and the location is just great! Its close to the subway station that brings you to Manhattan (5 min walk to 7th Street) and to JFK (10 min walk to Lafayette Av). And beautiful Prospect Park isnt far to relax after a trip to Manhattan. I can recommend staying there and would do it again. Thanks for that nice AirBnB experience, Mitty!* We stayed 5 nights and it was a wonderful experience we shared with Mitty and his daughter. Mitty is a nice person, open minded, helpful and a very good host.  The room was big, viewing the garden, direct access to the bathroom, very nice! The house is big and spacious.  Many things to visit around and central location in Brooklyn.  I stayed in Mittys bedroom in his brownstone for a week while looking for a place to live last minute in NYC. Its a really nice place and Mitty is very friendly and communicative. Id recommend this place to anyone.    This was my first time using Airbnb and I was worried about co-ordinating check-in times, etc.. but everything worked out great. Mittys home within walking distance to Brooklyn Bridge which is a worth to walk though landmark with spectacular view, and also could quick get to other subways to reach most destinations in New York. The room is very spacious as same as picture shows, I supposed if you want you it could accommodate 4 people else. Mitty is a open-minded friendly person who keen on Brazilian music, he gave us a really help when my mother was got lost in NYC. I was glad had a nice conversation with Mitty to share our pieces of views.  We stayed with Mitty for six nights and it was great. Mitty and his daughter gave us a very warm welcome, when we arrived. Our room was spacious and the bed was very comfy. Everything was very clean. We liked the neighborhood very much. There are lots of sweet cafes around the corner, where you can have tasty breakfast. The subway station is a five minute walk away and you can reach Manhattan in a short time. Mitty is a very open-minded, friendly and relaxed host. He was very helpful and answered all our questions. We would definitely stay with him again. La chambre est à 5 mn du métro, direct pour manhattan, dans un quartier sympathique et tranquille. Elle est immense, et juste à coté des toilettes communes (douche lavabo et wc), ce qui est commode et peut aussi savérer bruyant, et difficile daccès lorsque les 4 chambres sont louées. Tous les repas se passent à lextérieur, car la cuisine nest pas accessible et la lumière du jour vous réveille tout en douceur. Mitty est un hôte très agréable, qui fait entièrement confiance au visiteur, qui donne des conseils utiles. Nous recommandons cette chambre sans hésitation. Merci Mitty I had a great stay with Mitty in his wonderful Brownstone. Everything was as described in the ad and the neighbourhood is great. Mitty was very courteous, accommodating, and we found the bed to be very comfy. Mitty responded to a last minute request on Christmas Day itself after our previous booking fell through at the last minute, which was a tremendous request. The room and shower were clean with fresh towels provided. As we were out and about most of the time we hardly saw Mitty, but our meetings were always pleasant and he was always very helpful. The room gets quite chilly at night, which we were told, but the comforter is definitely thick enough to keep you warm.  Mitty was a very gracious and attentive host. When we got there we received a warm and friendly welcome. Mitty asked us if we needed some guidance for places to go during our stay. His suggestions were perfect. Mittys home is absolutely beautiful and huge! It was very much a pleasant surprise. The bed was extremely comfortable and the #1 bedroom we used was wonderfully spacious. We were there in winter and during the holidays so we had several big suitcases. The room was so large that we were able to put our things along walls and not have to step over them to get in and out.   Overall we had a great experience and would love to visit Mittys home again next time we are in Brooklyn. Huge Room in a beautiful House right in the centre of Prospect Heights, one of the most desirable neighborhoods in Brooklyn. What made this stay special was the close proximity to the wonderful Prospect Park and the wonderful bars and restaurants of Prospect/Crown Heights. Mittys place is an Airbnb gem. Thank you again to Mitty for welcomming us ! we really enjoyed our stay at your place. Mitty is a great hosts: he is friendly, considerate, and great communicator. The Location is perfect:  beautiful Park Slope, quiet, close to subway and a lot of restaurants. The house is pretty,  beautifully furnished and clean. Highly recommend! perfect host. nice and helpful. everything lived up to expectations. def worthwhile. beautiful and interesting house; very clean; plenty of space in the room; great location. thanks Mitty! see you soon Mitty was incredibly accommodating. We appreciated his great communication and willingness to take us on late notice and then make us feel so welcomed. His house is beautiful and very clean. All guests are very respectful. The neighborhood is great, very safe and within walking distance to everywhere youd want to go. Highly recommended!  I had a lovely 4-night stay in this enormous space. The home was big and charming, bathroom was old, shared with everyone in the house, but clean and well-kept, bed was ok (but I sleep on a TempurPedic, so anything less than NASA space foam is just ""ok""), and the room itself had ample room to spread out ALL my stuff as I got ready for a big event (ladies- you know what I mean), and it was pretty cool even though theres no AC and it was about 28C/85F outside while I was there.     Neighbourhood was gorgeous. Tree-lined residential streets, lots of coffee shops, restaurants, shops, salons, etc., well-lit in the evenings, and literally 3 minutes from the Q line. I returned after 2am twice and felt totally safe walking home from the subway alone.     Mitty was great - house rules and check-in/check-out instructions were clear and well-organized, and his ""things to check out in NYC"" email was full of stuff you can only get from a native New Yorker. And he was great about my last-minute (read: morning-of) reservation... thanks again :) I would definitely return for another stay.    We had a great stay at Mittys cozy house in Brooklyn. The location couldnt be better, Brooklyn is really fun and there are lots of nice places round the corner. We especially loved Cousin Johns for breakfast and Chuko for Ramen. Different subways are very close by and quickly take you to Manhattan. Our room was big and airy and we awoke with a view onto treetops, the beautiful garden and fun birds and squirrels. Mitty was very friendly and helpful. We definitely recommend this place! Mitty es un gran anfitrión, respetuoso y amigable.  La casa es perfecta, no solamente bien ubicada sino también muy limpia, en un barrio tranquilo y calmado, muy cerca a la estación del metro. Staying with Mitty was awesome! He was a very gracious host, gave us listings of fun events happening around the city & gave us great recommendations of neighbourhoods to check out. Mitty also seems to be an expert at being available but giving you enough space & privacy.    The house is full of history and character and the neighbourhood couldnt have been more perfect for us. Tree-lined streets, steps to good restos and good coffee.  We would 100% stay again to soak in the good vibes. Mitty was great host and everything was good for me such as a room, location, safety, etc... Although we had a few time to communicate with each other because I had hardly been in home to go around for full days visited in NY, he could treat me much, even though i was back too late. For sure, I owed my success of traveling to him. I couldnt have asked for a better first-time Airbnb experience.    The room was as advertised: comfortable, spacious, and beautiful. Mittys house overall is very clean and well-maintained— a unique, charming place in a safe, charming neighbourhood.    The unadvertised (or not-advertised-enough) bonus: Mitty, the amazing host! He is not just accommodating, but actually welcoming; he is always responsive and actively helpful.    Mine is yet another addition to the many reviews attesting to the quality of this place and this host. Choose here for a better-than-great stay in Brooklyn! un super emplacement dans ce quartier très sympa de Brooklyn. Nous avons apprécié ce séjour à New York chez Mitty avec qui tout sest très bien passé.  Our stay at Mittys place was really relaxed, we stayed for a week. Mitty was a wonderfull host and let us have our privacy, but also always was interested in how our day was and have a chat.The house and room are supercool and everything we needed was available. The house is located in a very nice neighbourhood in Brooklyn. We liked it even better than Manhattan. Subway is just around the corner and takes you straight to Manhattan. If you look for a nice place to have breakfast Cousin Johns at 7th ave is great (especially the Blintzes and the homemade chocolate bread) We had dinner at Lobos on 5th ave. A very nice mexican restaurant with good service and food. If we visit NY again we certainly go back to Mitty! Mitty is a great host and makes sure that everyone staying with him has a good time. His place is in the nicest part of Brooklyn, between Prospect Heights and Park Slope, right on the Q line, in a beautiful, quiet street. It doesnt get much better than that. The house is clean and comfortable, be aware though that everyone shares the same bathroom which means at times it can take a while until it is your turn. But other than that we can only highly recommend staying with Mitty and thank him for his hospitality!  I was in the area for a very specific purpose and Mittys home provided the perfect place for my purpose.  Also it is a very attractive, historic-feeling house with lots of interesting aspects.  Mitty was indeed very welcoming, answering all my anxious questions ahead of time and making sure we had what we needed in the room and bathroom.  He is quite ""particular"" about the courtesies he wants in his house (see the ""manual""), for which I dont blame him, but some might find that a little restricting.  Also for us the fact that the (nice) bathroom is the only shower in the house was no issue, because it wasnt a ""full house"", but it might have been harder if there were more guests there at once.   I booked this place for my parents who were visiting me (I live around the corner). They have previously used AirBnB many times before. This was a great location.     Mitty was very quick and friendly in all responses involved in booking the accommodation. He sent through lots of helpful info in advance.     The room was large, quiet and very comfortable and although it was a shared bathroom, there were never queues/lines for it.     The one problem my parents had with the place was the excessive rules. This was communicated to Mitty and I understand he has had unfortunate incidents in the past, hence the requirement for all the rules. We have stayed in AirBnB residences around the world and have never had so many rules, or so many communications of said rules. It somewhat undermines the trust element of AirBnB and is a bit frustrating when we are all respectful, well seasoned travellers.     However, that point aside, I understand my parents enjoyed their stay during the holiday season in NY.  Besides the fantastic location and great price, Mitty was an excellent host. Genuinely nice and easy to communicate with. I even changed rooms during my stay, which he handled swiftly over phone/mail while being out of town for work. Any questions I had, he answered immediately. I can recommend anyone that wants a great Brooklyn-experience to stay here.  This was my very first Airbnb adventure, and thankfully it was a positive one. Mitty has a spacious and wonderfully located home. Close to the Brooklyn Museum, restaurants, subway and many other venues. My room was so large I couldve taught a yoga class there, and the bathroom, right next door, was clean and functional.  Mitty was quick to reply to my initial rental inquiries, and was able to extend my stay when bad weather cancelled my flight home. His house rules and requests are common sense, and mostly things I would mention myself if I were to rent out rooms. His rental rate is excellent, and I would not hesitate to rent from him again or recommend him to friends.   Thanks, Mitty, for making my first Airbnb experience a great one! This was my first time staying at a airbnb home.   So I had a hard time adjusting to entering someones home with a lot of comfort. . But Mitty  made it feel comfortable.    I unfortunately  didnt get a chance to meet his daughter which I was wanting to. The location  is perfect  for all seasons and to subway.  Quiet and safe.  Thank u Mitty for ur hospitality. I really enjoyed my time at Mittys home, he was super accommodating and had great suggestions on things to do in his neighborhood. Would definitely recommend! Very welcoming, friendly, logistics went smoothly, all my needs and expectations  met, great location for my Brooklyn visit. I would and probably will stay there again. Overall my experience was good. The room was very big and clean, Mitty was friendly and his daughter was lovely and the location is convenient. But, guests should be aware that you can’t really use the kitchen facilities and he rents out other rooms, so it sort of had more of a hostel/boarding room feel (and as the rooms are adjacent if the guest is loud, you’ll hear it). So it just depends on what you are looking for! Quartier agréable et maison vivante.   Mitty est très sympa et accueillant.Dommage quon ne lait pas rencontré plus tôt et pu parler davantage avec lui . On aurait souhaité lui parler pendant notre séjour car il est très au fait de plein dévènements qui peuvent intéresser les hôtes (comme pour le mémorial day, lundi 25/05) I stayed at Mittys place for 4 nights. It was perfect! His house is gorgeous, the area is beautiful and calm, just as it is described on Airbnb. Mitty was a gracious host, the first night he invited me to a concert in the park (Chaka Khan was playing!!) where I had an excellent time with Mitty and his friends.   The room I stayed in (Room 1) was really large and airy, and overlooked the back garden, so was very quiet. Mittys place is clean and welcoming. It takes about 10 mins by subway to reach downtown Manhattan, and the subway is 4 mins by foot from his place.  All in all I really enjoyed my time at Mittys place, and would recommend it to everyone. I would highly recommend staying here. Mitty is a great host, and really goes out of his way to make your stay a pleasant one. Great value for money, and a great experience all told.    The house is beautiful, an old brownstone with lots of character. My room was the large one up one flight of stairs, to the back of the house. It was really large, with a very comfortable bed.     If you are worried about the lack of aircon, dont be! The weather was very warm during my stay, and my room was always comfortable, with the use of a fan and an open window.     I particularly enjoyed waking up to the sound of birdsong, and a cool morning breeze coming in through the window.     The neighborhood is great! Beautiful brownstone-lined streets, and right on Prospect Park. While I stayed there, I went to some of the free fitness classes that are held at Grand Army Plaza.    On Mittys recommendation, I tried the taco place on Vanderbilt, and it was great. It only has mediocre reviews on (Hidden by Airbnb) , so I would not usually have given it a go, but I am glad I did. I ate there probably at least once a day during my stay.    The 2/3 lines that serve Grand Army Plaza are for my money, the best subway lines in the city. Very frequent, and very fast.  This was my first Airbnb experience and it couldnt have been greater! Mitty is a genuinely friendly and hospitable host with lots of great neighbourhood tips and an easy-going, respectful attitude. The location is wonderful, outside of the hustle and bustle of Manhattan but close enough to multiple subway and bus stops to get you anywhere you need to go. The room I stayed in was the larger one, with more than enough room for one person. The bed is super comfortable and everything is clean. The backyard is lovely and the deck is a great place to sit and relax. Overall, my experience was wonderful and I hope to stay at Mittys again soon. Thanks Mitty! Mitty is a warm and welcoming host, who makes his guests feel at home. Mitty generously shares his knowledge of the area and is extremely responsive.    Mittys home is positioned in a safe and picturesque area of Brooklyn, with subway options galore, making the rest of New York highly accessible. Mitty is a great host! Very flexible and accommodating. Lovely place and great location. My business colleague Mo had an amazing time at Mitty. Gracious hosts, a house and room that are even better than pictures show, in a magical street in Broklyn. We will definitely go back. I loved your home! The bed was very comfortable, the bathroom was clean and lovely. The company made the experience really stand out. Inviting travelers into your home is really such a unique asset to every persons stay. It was lovely meeting a new friend and kind soul whos pace still seems to go to that of his own heart than let it run away with that if the citys callow haste.  I had a great stay in Mittys house. Smooth communication, warm welcome, beautiful special house, lovely room, terrific neighborhood. I wish I had more time! Had a great time with Mitty. the place is beautiful and the area is ultra cool. Close to Manhattan by train. Great places to eat really close. Thanks Mitty  We had a nice time in Mittys house. Very beautiful house in a great neighborhood. Thanks Mitty ! Great location. Mittys place is exactly as described. He couldnt be too much around when we were there, but he provided information needed for a great trip. And it really was! Thank you, Mitty. I have no words to describe how great and beautiful is the place and the host. Mitty and Naia were awesome with us. The neighborhood is great, great location near the subway station. We stayed at the big bedroom. It was perfect for us. Would recommend to anybody! Mitty was very accommodating and communicative throughout my stay. His home is in a very safe, beautiful area in Brooklyn--close to transportation and many great food options. I would definitely recommend staying here.  Mitty was accommodating, and easy to communicate with. The space felt very much like a hostel / bed and breakfast. The other quests were nice, and the space was fine for my limited needs! We had a really nice time at Mittys in his big appartment. He was very welcoming and gave us tips about things to do and the neighborhood. Mitty is a very hospitable host, and he always answered our questions patiently. Also the 19th century house is really elegant and comfortable. It was a very comfortable stay there. Mitty, the host of the house, is so kind and considerate to his guests that everyone who will stay there feels at home. Thank you for your care while I was staying, Mitty. It was a very wonderful stay. We loved this place as it is cozy, homely and also an interesting typical Brooklyn house. Nice area, close to the park and Brooklyn Museum. The owner makes people welcome. Good choice. The house of Mitty is very nice, quite and comfortable, very convenient, many subway lines are really closed by, nice cafés and restaurants in the area, a supermarket, the huge Brooklyn park.   Mitty is a very friendly and open minded person. I was very lucky to be invited for a brunch with his friends, which was a very nice experience for me to meet people from New York.  I felt not like a stranger in his house, but like a friend.   I definitely will come again!  Thank you Mitty. Mitty was a fantastic host. His house was beautiful, clean, spacious and filled with character! I highly recommend staying with Mitty!  Great place for exploring New York.  It was very nice to meet Mitty, who had some good suggestions for places to visit and to eat. The room was as described with windows to open and a fan, so it was cool during the nights despite a heat wave. The house was easy to find and very well placed near several metro-lines. Nice, quiet neighbourhood. A place I would like to stay at again. Amazing place! Such a beautiful home and so welcoming. Mitty was a fantastic host, really easy to communicate with and so helpful. I cannot recommend this place enough! A great stay all round.  Great host, went out of his way to make sure everyone was comfortable and taken care of. Location is as good as it gets in Brooklyn. I didnt really get a chance to interact with any of the other guests and his permanent tenants were usually in their own space. My only slight concern I would mention is that the room doors cant be locked when youre out of the room. He does mention this but I just feel its worth mentioning as this is the only part of the experience I didnt really like. Everyone I met felt trustworthy but as I said I didnt meet the other guests that passed through. Tons of good food options nearby and the room I had was roomy and Mitty went out of his way to get me a fan because Im used to sleeping with one. Overall great experience and I would recommend. Mitty is really great easy to talk to and you have a lot of freedom to come and go as you want, its comfortable to stay here.. We stayed in the ""beautiful big room"" the bed is really comfortable, and also had a good airmattress on the floor (as two of us). Heaps of space, bathroom is nice and tidy, and shower is good. It is a big old house, its nice to stay in. Very convenient to have laundry facilities in the house too. I loved staying at Mittys house during a transition from Boston to New York for a job. It truly felt like a home away from home & Mitty and his family were warm, kindhearted & helpful. The room was huge & looked out over a garden & the bed was comfy with a good reading light. The neighborhood has great restaurants & coffee places - easy to get to the park or take the subway to the city. I would highly recommend staying in this historic Brooklyn home with Mitty and his family!!! Mitty is very friendly and his place is a beautiful in a vibrant neighbourhood of Brooklyn. Since you share the appartment with his family you will have to agree to his many rules, to share the bathroom and have only limited access to the kitchen. If you dont mind sharing a bathroom, this is literally the perfect place to stay for exploring NYC. Mittys brownstone is beautiful and full of interesting art, the room and bathroom are clean and comfortable, and its all just a couple blocks away from restaurants and subway stops on Flatbush. The Q train stops less than 2 blocks away, and can get you into Lower Manhattan within 15 minutes. Flatbush and Vanderbilt (West and East of the brownstone, respectively) have a ton of great places to eat and shop, and Prospect Park is also a few blocks away. Mitty was so accommodating to any unforeseen hitches in my trip and makes it so easy to check in and out—hes really the perfect host! Next time I come back to NYC, Ill definitely be staying here again. Très jolie maison et très grande chambre. Ligne directe de metro pour accéder au centre de Manhattan en 30 min, vraiment pratique. On a manqué de rien alors merci Mitty pour le séjour !!"	1
631	Not in the bashing business, my feedback was for Matt. The Bowery hostel is right in the hip center of Manhattan at a walking distance to SoHo, Nolita etc. The cabin and common rooms were clean and tidy, but be aware that cabins have no ceiling, which can make the room noisy at night (nothing a good pair of earplugs cant fit). Great rooftop space. Quality place will come back again It was as advertised, a clean and neat little cubicle. Pretty good place if youre looking to sleep in NYC on a budget. Use the ear plugs though. Its cheap.  Bring warm clothing it gets cold in the rooms. I had a good stay and according to my expectations. Would recommend to anyone who is travelling on a budget. The GOOD: great location, hip area and crowd, awesome rooftop hangout, very clean and nice staff. If youre looking for a place to crash this could be your spot. The BAD: this place is very, very loud at night. If youre staying on the weekend expect to get no sleep if you are a light sleeper. The walls are thin and there is an open ceiling in each room. You will hear every sound of those around you - I repeat every sound. Conversations in the middle of the night, cell phones, facetime, texts (turn off your sound!), rustling through bags, snoring, farting... all night. For some reason the guy next to me thought it was ok to search through a brown paper bag for 45 min at 3:00am. Just know this place is loud and youll need earplugs. My bed was too short as well and I hit the wall (I am 511). An experience to be sure. The staff is very pleasant; and while I appreciate the polished skid row ambience, it makes for a funner observational than immersive experience. The space is tight (not-intended-for-full-size-humans tight), and, by way of the open-space design, insufferably noisy. It is a very well located place and sufficient for what is used. The treatment is very kind of all. highly recommended I enjoyed my stay! I love the neighborhood, public transport is easy to get to. The problem with louder guests sometimes came up, but the ear plugs helped. The staff was very friendly and helping. I could even shower and check-in before the official time. Good location. Tough to get up the stairs with luggage. I appreciated having a little space of my own, but more hooks on the walls would be helpful. Im not sure why the lighting is so dim in the hallways. It genuinely makes it hard to see where youre going. Beds are not very comfortable, so I had trouble sleeping. Also, the dim lighting completely screws your perception of time. Nice Chesterfields in the lounge. Rooftop terrace is really nice. it is a nice place to  stay for a nigth or two the rooms are small but if you are on a fast trip they are confortable  clean, and every one are very nice! Always a great stay at The Bowery House for when I need place to crash for a night or two in the city. Everyone that works there is very friendly and helpful. The bathrooms are constantly being cleaned throughout the day and great soaps/shampoos provided!	0
632	"Absolutely great! Caroline was a super nice host. I loved the style of the apartment and the area. Thank you Caroline, I hope I get to stay soon with you again. I definitely wouldnt choose any other place. We had such a great time in NYC, and Carolines apartment in Bronx made the stay even better. It was so much space, and we slept superwell in her king size bed. The apartment felt even bigger than in the pictures, and it smelled really good when we came. Caroline had left a book full of information about the apartment and the naighborhood and NYC in general, so we felt really welcome and safe.     The neighborhood felt safe, and the bar Charlies in the same building as the aparment was really nice. It was only a couple of minutes walk from our door to the subway, wich we used every day.  I arrived as scheduled, except on MY end I had made a mistake but none the less I showed up late and she was more than willing to accommodate my tardiness . Everything was perfect .. Nice , clean, spacious, couldnt of asked for more . Would stay here again. She was more than helpful and gave my girlfriend and I complete privacy . Real good location right upstairs from a bar (Charlies) Charlie is a cool person as well Carolines place is really nice.  We totally enjoyed our stay here.    Everything was clean too ;)    Charlies (the bar on the ground floor) is also a beer worth ;)    We can just recommend you to message Caroline and book her apartment for your next New York trip! Carolines apartment is great! We really enjoyed our stay - It was so nice to have such a lovely place to come home to. The apartment was also nice and warm and the bed was super comfy. The location was great (so easy and fast to get around NY) and we loved exploring nearby. Charlies is definitely worth a visit, as is the sushi/Japanese place round the corner. I would definitely stay here again!!  Séjour très agréable, quartier post industriel, mais vraiment tout près de NY par le métro. Lappartement est grand, fonctionnel, lumineux.  A recommander. Caroline left a little book with details about the area ( how to get to the train and grocery store)    The place looks just as it does in the photographs and was nice and tidy, the bed was like a cloud!    The area is super close to Harlem, so thats fun, just a short walk over the bridge.    Would go back to enjoy the rooftop in the summer! Great space and Caroline was easy to reach so anything that could have been a concern was resolved quickly and with no fuss. Great apartment and great host - would definitely stay again. We had a perfect time in sobro and in Carolines loft:-) Our kids loved the place as much as we did! Everything was clean, comfy and the room was huge- enough space for all of us! Although we have to girls (9 and 4 years) we walked almost every day over the bridge trough Harlem and down town- and often back!it was great to explore the neighborhood and especially Harlem! Caroline was helpful and easy to reach! We appreciated the washing machine and the gym:) We would definitely come back:)  We had a wonderful time in this appartment. The appartment is spacious and the furniture is comfortable. It is located in a kind neighborhood with a nice bar/restaurant directly in the house. The subway connection to Manhattan is also very good, making it easy for visitors. Thank you very much, Caroline! Everything was as expected or better! Me and my 14 year old daughter had a great time and after long days of exploring NYC it felt like coming home into Carolines appartment. Its set in an authentic, uninque area with where we always felt safe and also had a day of walk into and through Harlem. With the 138 Street subway station just mins  of walking away its really easy and fast to get anywhere in Manhattan. We loved it and shall be back and Carolines appartment would be no 1 choice. Thanks Caroline We had such a wonderful experience at Carolines loft, it looks Just as it appears in the pictures spacious, comfy and it feels just as if your coming home when you walk into the loft. The commute to Manhattan was super fast from the location. The roof top is also very  beautiful, There is really nothing more to ask for. This will definitely be my first choice when I go back to NY. Thank you Caroline ! :) Carolines apartment is a great place to stay while visiting New York! Me and my girlfriend were lucky enough to stay there for a week and we had a great time! The apartment is really nice & spacious, Caroline left a notepad with lots of helpful information about the area and was always available should we have needed to get in contact. There is a subway station just down the road which you can walk to in 3-4 minutes and from there you can take the 6 train right into downtown Manhattan in no time :)  There is also a grocery store really close by and the neighbours were always really friendly! This apartment was the perfect place for me to spend a week in New York.  I had privacy and space, it was furnished stylishly and the rooftop in June was a great escape.  Mott Haven has definite character, and I felt both close enough and far enough away from Manhattan to have a good time.   Charlies downstairs was a gem of a restaurant and bar.  Caroline was a very conscientious host.  That welcome/guide book was a lifesaver!  Id come back here for sure. Awesome Apartment!  al nostro arrivo abbiamo trovato un quaderno con tutte le indicazioni lasciato da Caroline, il posto era esattamente come in foto, per chiarimenti abbiamo potuto contattare direttamente la host via telefono. Posto tranquillo, vicini molto cordiali, roof garden fantastico! soggiorno perfetto per vivere a NY! This was the best accommodation we had in NYC... Far better than staying in the city! This apartment felt like a home away from home!   The bar downstairs was very convenient and everyone was very friendly/helpful!!   The subway was super close and easy to get to!!   Caroline is a 10/10 host; her welcome book was very helpful!! Very much enjoyed our stay here. The place was nice and clean and close to the 6 subway which is a great line to use. Only down side was having no curtains and the sun rising at 5.30am - but nothing a sleeping mask couldnt fix!  What a great place to stay!   When we opened the door to Carolines loft we felt at home right away - its like staying with a friend! You walk in and the atmosphere and spirit of both building and especially the apartment gives you the feeling of being right where you are. We enjoyed that every time we came home after a long day exploring Manhattan....The furnishing, the colors, the decor....everything turns out like in the pictures and is all well kept, individual, comfortable (best sleep!) and clean. We also loved the gym, the rooftop, the washer and dryer! and found it extremely easy and fast to get around to Harlem with the bus across the street or the express 4 or 5 line to Midtown Manhattan. The neighborhood is laid back, safe and everybody is helpful and friendly. Unfortunately we never got the chance to meet Caroline in person due to the fact that she was abroad, but the contact was at all times quick, easy and very relaxed.   Thanks for the notebook with neighborhood informations and for giving us the pleasure to stay at your unique home, Caroline! Well be glad to come back some day!  Nadine, Hans and Leander Leider gab es bei unserer Ankunft Probleme mit der Reinigung, das schmutzige Bettzeug des Vormieters war im Appartement und die Betten waren nicht neu bezogen. Auch war das Appartement nicht wirklich gut geputzt. Caroline befand sich im Ausland und hat trotzdem versucht zu helfen und auch 50% der Reinigungskosten sofort refundiert. Wir haben dann alles selber gewaschen und bezogen, was etwas Zeitaufwendig war. Das Appartement liegt in den Bronx, wie beschrieben und es ist sicher einzigartig. Von den wichtigen New Yorker Sehenswürdigkeiten ist es dennoch zu weit entfernt, mindestens 1 Stunde Anfahrtszeit mit der U-Bahn. Wenn man einen anderen Schwerpunkt hat bei seinem New York Besuch ist es sicher eine gute Alternative. We loved Carolines place. Her loft looks exactly like the photos; airy, spacious, and bright. It was the perfect place to come home to after a busy day in Manhattan. Port Morris is quiet so we slept sound at night, with only the occasional car driving by on the street below. The restaurant / bar below and the subway stop a few minutes away was a plus! We never met Caroline but she was excellent in responding to our questions and providing information about the apartment, the neighborhood, and NYC in general. I would definitely recommend staying at Carolines! We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Clock Tower,  chez Caroline.   It was great to have a temporary home outside Manhattan so that after hectic days amongst the crowds,  skyscrapers and endless activities we could escape on the excellent subway to a quiet comfortable spot.   The rooftop garden is a gem for tai chi and relaxation and we would certainly recommend the Loft.   Although we didnt get to meet Caroline she left information re the building and activities.   Thanks   Tessa and Jack. Our stay at the loft was everything we wanted! The flat itself is exactly as it is on the images, spacious, quirky and clean. There is lots of light coming into the flat, with air con if needed and quiet at night. There is a lift upto the flat so dont worry if you have lots of luggage. The rooftop garden is absolutely wonderful, though it is locked from around 10:30pm - 8:30am.  Being in South Bronx, we heard it might be a little sketchy at night but we honestly never felt or saw anything intimidating atall, the flat is on a main street pretty much around the corner from the subway stop which connects you into the city centre and other areas with no hassle atall.  Even when we got our leaving date wrong (oops) Caroline was very understanding and allowed us a little while extra over our checking out time to get ready to leave!  Overall, a perfect place to stay!  I stayed at Carolines place with 2 of my friends, and we had a pretty good time there. The loft is pretty nice, it was really clean and had everything we needed. We knew there was only one bed  but the sofa is so confortable that we woke up everyday ready and rested for another maratonic day at NYC. We really liked staying here.  Subway and bus lines are close, a restaurant, a bar, groceries shop, everything was close too. And Caroline has a welcome/tips book pretty informative and helpful. The subway stations that are close, will take you all the way through Manhattan, as a tourist, I loved this. And Caroline was also available for every question we had, which was nice. Caroline is a nice landlord. Although she was at oversea but still can help us solve the problems . We really have a good time there! Apartment is exactly as displayed. Caroline was very helpful. Location is easy to reach with the metro. Would stay here again. Caroline was extremely helpful and flexible. We had a late flight home and she allowed us to stay in the flat until we had to leave for the airport. She responed to all my questions promptly.    The description to the flat is 100% accurate - clean and big. The neighbourhood is extremely friendly, people often give way to our buggy in the street. The restaurant downstairs(Charles) is very good too. We had a meal there and they were very accomodating with my 2 year old singing loudly during our meal. The 4/5 express train is very close by and we were in downtown in no time! Carolines apartment is incredible - comfortable, uber cool and well located - perfect for an authentic South Bronx experience and equally good as a jumping off point to explore NY City.    Communication with Caroline was easy; at all times she was super responsive, informative and friendly. Guests will also find a notebook in the apartment complete with every detail needed to make their stay as perfect as it can be.     I would definitely stay here again. A really easy and positive experience. Thank you! Carolines house was clean and spacious. One thing we found uncomfortable was that the house did not have curtains and was really bright in most times. Her house had basic cookery so we could cook in the house. I and my friend usually drove in the city and did not have chance to take the metro. But my friend said that it was directly connected to major sites such as Union Square. Neighborhood was not intimidating and bar downstair was great! (Try Bronx Pale Ale!). Thank Caroline for letting us to stay in your house!     While I never met Caroline, she was very friendly through messages and willing to give advice on things both in central New York City and further afield at Long Island. Though I couldnt take advantage of some of the tips, Ive kept them noted for my next visit.    The flat was amazing and just like the pictures (with the addition of a nice curtain between windows and bed to help separate the room). A great touch was the wee welcome book - full of little useful details like local supermarkets, nearby recommended events, nearby takeaways - together with a selection of tourist guides and a subway map. Heating and fans are available if you need them, and the heater definitely works fine (although due to the milder weather at the end of the week, wasnt needed that much!)    The neighbourhood was absolutely fine to stay in - the Bronx has a reputation but it never felt unsafe or unwelcoming during my time there. The only trouble I had was on the High Line in central Manhattan! Its only a few minutes walk from the regular 4/5 and 6 subway lines which both take you directly down east Manhattan, past Grand Central Terminal and on to Brooklyn, so its ideally located for getting about NYC.    Great stay! We really enjoyed our stay at Carolines apartment. The apartment was clean and spacious, looked exactly like the photos. Everything was great. The location was convenient, only few blocks away from the metro.  Even though we did not meet Caroline, she could be easily reached by message. She also left a useful guide about the apartment and travelling in New York for us. We went to the restaurant she recommended (red rooster) and it was really good.  Caroline is a good host - always replied to my emails even if some of it was more travel questions than accommodation enquiries.  The loft looked exactly like the pictures although most of the plants are dying - maybe she has been away for a while. The location was very wrong for us - but that is our own fault. I think it is early days for the Bronx as it is just to far away from the buzz of the city.  We did not feel save after 7 oclock. We witnessed a shooting at the subway station and another 4 police activities at our front door.  I travelled with my 18 year old daughter and she did not enjoy the location.  We booked out earlier and moved to a hotel in the city - I already alarmed Caroline on day one that we want to move out but she could not give me any refund which is strange compared to hotel policies but she did state a strict cancellation policy on her profile.  The bridge in front of loft creates constant noise 24/7. We had a great stay at Carolines. If space is what you want, and space is rare in NYC, then her loft is perfect!     Carolines place is clean, her bed is extremely comfortable. Its noisy at night however this is unavoidable in NYC. There is a washer and dryer available as well as a gym and a gorgeous rooftop!    It was an easy walk to the 6 subway just a few blocks away. We felt safe at all times of the day and night.    On our last day we Caroline gave us the option to check-out later in the afternoon which was greatly appreciated! Carolines loft was just as advertised: bright, clean, and spacious. A quiet building with a convenient laundry on the same floor and a gym just below--and only three blocks to the subway--made for a charming week in NY. Thanks, Caroline.  Lappartement de Caroline a beaucoup de charme et est aussi joli que sur les photos. A cause du mauvais temps nous navons pas pu profiter de la magnifique terrasse sur le toit de limmeuble. Caroline nous a accueilli dès notre arrivée et nous a donné toutes les infos que nous souhaitions. Pour ceux qui ont le sommeil léger, le quartier est très bruyant. Mais existe-t-il un endroit calme à New York?...;) le métro est très proche et permet daller rapidement en plein centre de Manhattan Cool spacious loft. It was our first time in NY, so the location can be a bit daunting and intimidating - but once you get used to the subway system, you soon realize that it is completely fine.   Caroline was super considerate and made sure our checkin and stay was as comfortable as possible- thank you so much! We genuinely loved staying here.  We had never done the Airbnb thing so, honestly, we were a little nervous. But, it felt like we hit the jackpot. We loved Carolines place.  Its was just as described.  Very cool.  Very fun to be in.   We loved being in a neighborhood that was a good taste of every day NYC.       Caroline did a great job of making things easy.  She responded quickly to questions. Kept a great and patient attitude even when Im sure the questions felt dumb ;)      Minor negative is unrelated to Caroline or the loft.   The rooftop was GREAT - but not accessible early mornings or late night (open from 8 to 10:30).  Wish I could have used it more.   Carolines loft was great! It was extremely close to a subway stop, a deli, restaurants and a Chase bank. Theres even a restaurant conveniently located on the first floor of the building. We went there for live music at night and brunch on the weekends. The building also has a gym and a lovely roof patio/terrace to enjoy the weather. Caroline was very responsive to messages and easy to get ahold of. We would definitely stay with her again.  Carolines Loft was great. The rooftop was as described. I would definitely rent again!  Everything was great El Loft está muy bien, Caroline es muy atenta y la Terraza está buena xa tirarse un rato. sin duda volvería. lo único es que te entrega un sólo juego de llaves y seguirá práctico tener por lo menos dos. está un poco lejos pero en metro llegas en 30 min (o en bici en 1 hora) Wir hatten eine super Zeit in Carolines Loft. Der Dachgarten war ein Traum, dort wachsen Tomaten und Erdbeeren und es gibt eine Hängematte. Abends treffen sich dort die Hausbewohner zum schnacken und auf ein Getränk oder zum Abendessen.  Eine Oase in mitten der troubeligen Stadt. Carolines place is beautiful! She really knows how to decorate a place. I loved the open layout. She doesnt have too much furniture around, but it makes it feel really spacious. Since this was my first trip to NY, I thought for sure parking would be a problem, but that wasnt the case at all. She was easy to communicate with, and I really have no serious complaints. It was a great stay. The only things were the wifi was a bit slow and the area was a little sketch. You definitely dont want to be walking around the Bronx after the sun goes down it seems. It wasnt really a big deal though since we were able to park so close. Overall, I loved this place I would totally recommend it!  Great comfortable place next to a nice brunch spot. Caroline was very accommodating and friendly. Would 100% use again and recommend to anyone. Caroline was always available when we had a question and was easy to reach to. The loft is well kept with vintage seating and a comfortable couch, interesting artwork, lot of plants and books to read. The roof is a nice place to hang in the evening. Even though its a studio its large and the space is very tastefully done and we actually extended our stay! Ein schönes und authentisches Loft in der Bronx. Die Wohnung und die Dachtetrrasse waren toll. Caroline war sehr freundlich und hilfsbereit. Für einen kurzen New York Trip würden wir nächstes Mal aber eine Unterkunft in Manhattan suchen.  El loft es super confortable, nos gustó mucho!!! Todo esta muy limpio y tiene todo lo que necesitas para sentir que llegas a tu casa despues de tanto caminar! Increible! Caroline es super accesible y responde muy rapido! like like like!  We loved the large space and the minimalist look, however, one might feel uncomfortable getting naked as it seems like people in the bldg nearby can see in. This did not bother us at all. Neighborhood didnt feel as safe as we were told. We loved having a cool place to eat downstairs and loved having a glass of wine on the rooftop! If you have a car, parking is a challenge but doable and we were glad we had one for this area. Communicating with Caroline was easy. Die Wohnung mit einzigartigen Flair, jedoch für sehr verständnisvolle Gäste was die Details betrifft, die beim längeren Aufenthalt keine Details mehr sind. Excellent loft. Beautiful deck. Outside of the city, but reachable in 15 minutes. The neighborhood is perfectly fine, very friendly. Missing: curtains. The bed might be to soft for some. We had an amazing time. The room is spacious and location is really near to subway which is really convenient for go sightseeing to Manhattan. Very pretty room and like it.   Carolines loft is a spacious apartment and very convenient to the subway lines, eg to get to Manhattan and the tourist spots which we frequented. We had a wonderful week staying here. It does get noisy even at night but that is to be expected of NYC. Caroline is a responsive and accommodating host, thank you!  Wonderful apartment and Caroline was really helpful with my logistics! A Phenomenal place to stay. The Loft was super comfy and there were trinkets from all of Carolines visits displayed. She suggested we go to Sylvias for brunch on Sunday and it did not disappoint. Theres also a cute little bar downstairs with really good and affordable food choices. I would definitely recommend this spot. The location was nice and close to Manhattan but just far enough away to avoid the main hustle and bustle. It was a light bright apartment with all the essentials. Caroline was very helpful and replied promptly to my messages. Her notebook with instructions/suggestions were also a big help. The apartment is artistically decorated and is a nice, big, lofty space.  We wouldnt rush to stay in the Bronx again though. Although it is near th subway, which is really important, the area itself isnt particularly inviting and felt quite unfriendly after dark. It is also relentlessly noisy, which can make it difficult to get a good nights sleep.  The apartment itself is great. The location, not so sure.   We enjoyed our stay at Carolines place. Its spacious and stylish and easy to get to the city!  Beautiful apartment. Having a gym in the building was very convenient (good size too).    Neighborhood was nice and the Subway station was within walking distance. No issues walking at night from the subway station to the apartment. The subway made it very easy to travel around the city.  Caroline was a very welcoming host and pretty prompt at responding to messages considering she was in Australia at the time of our visit. Her ""welcome"" book was helpful for getting the wifi password, finding a place or two to eat, knowing checkout procedures, and so on.     The apartment itself was very nice for the price, and was clean, comfortable, and very spacious for a studio apartment. Keep in mind that there is no kitchen table so be prepared to eat your breakfasts at the counter standing up or on the couch, etc.  The kitchen had the basic necessities of dishes, silverware, very basic cooking utensils, skillet, pots/pans, cutting board, knives, dish soap, sponges, and kitchen towels. The bed was very soft and comfortable and can be slid around a bit if desired.    The apartments location in the Bronx was a little less ""up and coming"" than we had anticipated and was largely industrial with many auto repair shops just across and down the street. Its also right by an on-ramp to a busy road and traffic did add a good bit of noise. The walk to the nearest subway station (the 6 local train at 138th st. and 3rd ave) takes about 8 minutes from the front door of the building but you can transfer to the 4 or 5 express trains at the next station downtown (125th st.) Not many people are walking around on the surrounding streets after 9pm or so.    Lucky for us, there was ample back-angled parking right in front of the building and while there is a sign stating that street cleaning occurs Monday and Thursday at lunchtime we did not have to move our car during our weeklong stay. Perhaps with the holidays and snow the street cleaning was behind schedule. We also enjoyed eating at Charlies Bar and Restaurant in the bottom of the building. We recommend the burger and fries (ask for them crispy). Best fries Ive had in a long time!    Overall, we found Carolines place a good and affordable option for visiting the city. We spent the majority of our time in Manhattan but did explore as far south as the Statue of Liberty and as far north as Washington Heights and Fort Tryon Parks. Carolines is a nice apartment to come back to at the end of a long day of walking and just relax, read a book, and recharge for the next day of adventures.  Great place! My wife and I enjoyed our trip in NYC. We had been worried about the security issue in Bronx before we met the people in the neighbourhood. They were welcoming and nice, and helped us a lot. We enjoyed talking with local people there, exchanging many new ideas.   One reminder, not a problem to us though, is the room faces the main road and near the bridge, so it may be a bit noisy at night for ones who are sensitive to sound.  The place is very nice, cozy and comfortable. Close to subway station and bus stops. It´s also easy to go by taxi. There´s also a nice place to eat and a good supermarket. We loved our stay at Carolines apartment. It was very conveniently located on major subway lines making it very easy to get to Downtown Manhattan. Its also a short walk across the bridge from Harlem where you can find lots of places to eat a Soul Food breakfast.   Her apartment was warm &  welcoming when we checked-in. Bed was incredibly comfortable and her abode is quirkily decorated!   Charlies bar downstairs is great for getting fed, watered and entertained by the local talent. The gym was really handy too although it has a heavily sloped floor which might be something to consider if you are an athlete hoping to train while youre in NYC.   Caroline was incredibly responsive and helpful to any questions we had during our stay. I definitely recommend her pad as a place to rest while you experience New York!  Lovely place but a bit far away from Manhattan  Caroline was fantastic with communication. It was easy to checkin and checkout. The place wasnt within walking distance of anything lively or happening. But it was a cozy place with super cute furnishing. Caroline sest montrée trés disponible, photos conformes au logement. Petit bémol: le bruit de certaines voitures la nuit, la présence de rideaux aurait été plus agréable.  Good place to stay. This is a beautiful flat with plenty of space and big windows. The bed is an amazing reward after a long day. You feel secure being on the Third floor. The other people staying in the building are all very polite and friendly. Charlies diner on the ground floor is impressive (get the chicken benny). The flat has adequate kitchen facilities for those who decide to cook and the shower and heating are good. The walk to the public subway is short, but not particularly inviting for someone on their own at night. Carolines flat promises for a truly special New York experience. We had a nice stay here. This is a fantastic place with clear evidence of Carolines good taste. The decorations include a wide variety of interesting gadgets from all around the world and the place is really an artistic one. Like it tons :D proche des transports; quartier ou nous nous sommes sentis en sécurité malgré ce quon peut en lire. logement agréable .  We really can recommend this stylish apt , its located next to 2 subway stations,grocery and bakery also 10 min To go. Rooftop garden ,gym room , Charlies kitchen ..very convenient.  With subway 1/2 an hour downtown, thats good. I liked the style of the apt very much ,basically and individually furnished ...people in the house very kindly,...we could contact Caroline per mail and got an answer quickly,that  was very helpful in some situations .. we felt us coached very good , that makes it easy to feel welcome in such a big city . SUPER!!!!!! And Thank You Caro  Caroline i a perfect host, the appartment is exactly as it is shown in the photos. It is cosy, spasious and very beautifully decorated by Caroline! We also enjoyed very much the roof (Website hidden by Airbnb) was a perfect stay, thank you so much! Nice and spaceous appartment with a great rooftop terrace, cozy bar in the ground floor of the building and generally a good vibe in the building. The neighborhood felt safe, and subway stations and supermarked are within walking distance. A bit of traffic noise, but nothing to disturbing. Caroline was a great host, communication was easy and check-in flexible Das Loft ist sehr mit den öffentlichen Verkehrsmitteln zu erreichen. Das Gebäude an sich war sehr schön und auch leicht zu finden. Alles hat sehr gut geklappt. Die Kommunikation mit Caroline war sehr gut und unkompliziert, mit der Reinigung vorab hatte auch alles wunderbar funktioniert. Das Loft ist eher für einen längeren Aufenthalt gedacht, so wie bei uns, da die Fahrt nach Manhattan schon mind. 20 bis 30 Minuten braucht. Ansonsten ist die Unterkunft sowohl von der Lage , der Ausstattung und auch preislich sehr zu empfehlen. Wir haben uns rundum wohl gefühlt. :-) Gerne wieder! Caroline is such an awesome host. Her place is huge, for New York, and it is conveniently located to public transportation. I love how flexible she is, and that she was quick to respond to any questions I had. Her place is definitely very artsy, and filled with soul. Thank you Caroline!  The loft is just as pictured, beautiful and airy. Located a short walk to the subway which is just one stop over from Manhattan. It was a good mini escape from the hustle and bustle of NYC  Communication with Caroline was good, Bar and kitchen upstairs were very good, the area is not so dangerous like its looks like, 7 min to metro station. Normal neighborhood in the building. Well equipped gym. La casa mi è piaciuta molto, rispecchia le foto pubblicate da Caroline, anche se dal vivo non è così grande da come ci si aspetta dalle foto.  Non è presente un tavolo con delle sedie per mangiare e larmadio (cè soltanto uno stendino dove appoggiare le cose da appendere e una cassettiera mezza rotta). Cè un tavolino (diciamo da caffè) di fronte al divano che usavamo per mangiare ma è un po scomodo.  Passa la linea verde della metro in particolare la 6 e la fermata è abbastanza comodo a casa (circa 5 minuti a piedi), oppure passa la 4 o 5 sempre della linea verde a circa 10/15 minuti a piedi dalla casa.  Il wifi non funziona molto, spesso si scollega e non si riesce più a connettersi per un bel po di tempo, infatti non è il wifi di casa ma è il wifi del ristorante / pub al primo piano delledificio e ovviamente non prende bene che come averlo in casa.  Dalla strada, durante la notte, cè un gran rumore in quanto si trova vicino al collegamento fra Bronx e Manhattan; passano molti camion e auto che si sentono benissimo dalla casa e ti svegliano durante la notte anche perchè le finestre non insonorizzano molto la casa.   é indicata per tre persone ma in realtà è al massimo per due; sono andata in gruppo con altre due persone e io ho dovuto dormire sul divano per tutta la durata dellalloggio. Cè da dire però che è rifornita di lenzuola e il divano è comodo per dormirci.  Caroline offre anche molti asciugamani.  La cucina è ben rifornita di tutti gli attrezzi utili e anche il bagno. Caroline è stata molto disponibile e gentile a spiegarci eventuali cose che non ci erano chiaro della zona e della casa. Der Kontakt zu Caroline war unkompliziert. Alle Fragen wurden umgehend geklärt. Aus- und aus checken der Unterkunft war ebenfalls unkompliziert. Das Loft war großzügig und sauber. Das der Fitnessraum und die wundervolle Dachterrasse mitbenutzt werden konnte, war großartig und haben wir auch ausgiebig getan. Wir würden jederzeit wiederkommen und die Unterkunft jedem empfehlen. Vielen lieben Dank für die unvergessliche Zeit. Carolines airy loft is just as described. It is bright with street noise, so as she says - it may not be for you if dark and quiet is required for sleep.  There was some major construction going on across the street and they started pretty early with significant loud dump truck banging.  We stayed in the city until pretty late most nights, getting back around midnight. The building and neighborhood were quiet.   We used Metro at all hours and never felt unsafe. It is a quick walk to catch the 6 and you can connect to anywhere you need. Yes, South Bronx is an underprivileged and underserved area so there is more litter and less attention given to the neighborhood maintenance. This neighborhood seems to be changing - new housing being built and an increase in neighborhood stores/shops. An up and coming area with lots to explore. The apartment is beautifully styled and you get some gorgeous light in the evenings from the sunset! Very clean and open planned, Carolines apartment made our stay a comfortable one and we felt at home right away. The residents in the building are also super nice! Theres a new coffee shop that has opened around the corner from the Clock Tower, they do amazing iced teas, coffee and pastries - Id highly recommend! The subway is just a short walk away from the apartment, and will only take you 20 mins to get into Manhattan.  We really loved our stay here and we cant wait to come back! Thanks again Caroline, its been a pleasure!  Hannah and Adam, Nottingham UK. 房型非常不错,但是入住时没有洗浴用品,纸巾也只有一点点,我们只能自己去购买。在沙发上睡了两晚后,身上许多地方被不知道是螨虫还是跳蚤咬的脓包,直到回到国内两周后才治愈。房子沿街,一直有车子开过,非常吵闹。 It is exactly as beautiful and spacious as seen in the photos (only better in 3D :)) The bed is very comfortable, The sheets extra soft and lovely, The towels are huge. very clean, well lit (no shatters or curtains - as seen). The AC is fantastic and climate control is perfect. Bring you own toiletries and coffee (fair enough). Ask for directions to use elevator, its simple when you know how... Communication before arrival was fun. And it is really a half hour and a single metro line to times square - closer than it seems. All in all, highly recomended, and a wonderful place to ""play house"" in NYC! O apartamento da Caroline é muito legal (todo estiloso), é confortável e tem tudo o que voce precisa.  A Caroline é muito atenciosa, responde rápido a todas as perguntas e te ajuda em tudo o que for possível.  Há duas estações de metro proximas ao apartamento e também há pontos de onibus.  Indico. Caroline’s place was super stylish! It was decorated beautifully in every corner and really gave off a New York vibe. Caroline provided us with a welcome book that had everything we needed to know about her apartment along with suggestions about where to eat in the area. She also left all sorts of brochures to various attractions. The neighborhood is fairly safe. It is right outside the bad neighborhood though so don’t wander too far off. The subway is only about a block away which isn’t too bad. The WiFi sucks when you connect to it with your cellphone but works perfectly fine on laptops. We had a lovely stay and we’ll definitely stay here again the next time we come back to New York! Nice Loft in a beautiful building, friendly neighbors and a restaurant in the house The host canceled this reservation 29 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Nice place. A bit noisy."	1
633	We loved our stay here. Everything was as described. Very clean. And Thomas and his wife are very friendly. Jeune couple de Manathan qui propose une chambre privée : lappartement est très bien situé dans New York, très propre, et on y dort très bien. Le lit est confortable et cest très calme. Great location in the Upper Westside with just a short walk to restaurants, Central Park, and the Subway station. The cat is very friendly and the bed is comfy. You will love it! Friendly host, convenient location next to the subway with parking garages nearby. Apartment has a cozy atmosphere , with an adorable cat. Great value for what you get! The location of the hotel is good, it is clean and the food is good. I have been well thanks to the nice and caring couple and want to visit again next time^^!! 너무 좋았습니다~! This is a good house. It is better than hotel. I really like it. If I have chance,I will choose it again. This place is wonderful! You seriously can’t beat the location and the price. It’s not far from Harlem, there are multiple subway stops in the radius of a few blocks, and Central Park is less than a minute from the front door! This has been my favorite Airbnb by far! Plus, Thomas is a spectacular host! We arrived in Times Square around 9 am and Thomas let us drop off our luggage at that time instead of paying for storage. Roscoe the cat is perfect addition to this already amazing space. Great place with easy access to metro and Central Park. Besides, amazing organization from the couple to receive me and my girlfriend the best way. Apartment also clean and the room was very organized when we arrived. The cat is amazing too! Great Hosts! The apartment was clean and well taken care of, in a great location. We truly enjoyed our stay, and highly recommend!! This apartment was awesome.  It was exactly as it was described/pictured and was very clean.  Thomas and Michelle were great hosts; they were friendly and respectful. The apartment is two blocks away from a subway station and right next to Central Park.  The value for this place is amazing for its location and everything it offers.  Highly highly recommend! Great location close to subway , cute cat	1
634	"Everything was perfect! Keely is a really nice women and helped us in everything we needed. Apartment was tidy and clean, near Manhattan...    We really enjoed going there, and I recommend 100% booking Keelys apartment.  Keelys apartment was clean, spacious, sunny and delightful for my daughter and I on our 5 day trip to New York for a family wedding. The location was ideal--less than a block to the nearest subway station with a direct line to Manhattan, and a short 2 block walk to the coolest neighborhood in Brooklyn. As soon as we arrived, Keely greeted us and escorted us to  nearby shops and restaurants. We could not have enjoyed our stay more. We will definitely return!   very nice and sunny appartment, good vibes and welcoming host! My girlfriend and I spent some wonderful time there. It has been a pleasure staying at Keelys place on Union St! The apartment is roomy and bright, comfortable with good vibes :-)  Everything is clean, the shower has good pressure (not always the case in NYC...), the futon bed is comfortable. I found everything exactly as described.   Although I didnt meet Keely in person, all the negotiations with her were easy and smooth as she is very responsive and accommodating.   I enjoyed every minute of my stay and look forward to coming again if possible. Very well furnished apartment for such a short stay. No AC in the living room can be tough during the summer. The outside of the building is not great but I think that is typical for affordable apartments in Brooklyn. Host is very strict with house rules, and check-in time so read up.  Keelys place is just you can see in the pictures: a really cozy place full of nice plants and great light.  You can feel a zen atmosphere which is great for a quite stay of a few days.  Keelys place is one block from the metro, and that makes a diference and its a benefit because its really easy to move around NY.  Also is pretty close to the 4th and 5th avenue of brooklyn, where there are lots of stores and trendy bars and restaurants.  Keely is a great hostess, I could met her on the arrival which was great, also her tips before and during the stay were of help all the time.   Was a pleasure to spend holidays in NY and highly recommend Keelys place for it if you want a nice and peace stay. Keelys place is beautiful, spacious and comfortable, and located in a great neighborhood. Shes a gracious host, and I really enjoyed my month there. Thanks Keely!  A very homely and bright apartment with lots of plants and a great view. Good location, spacious, nice neighborhood and close to subway. A little cold in the winter. Some noise from the street. Friendly and helpful host. Would love to stay here again. I sublet Keeleys apartment for eleven nights for my parents, who were visiting from Australia. Keeley was great to deal with beforehand and she handed over the key early so I could meet them off the Amtrak and bring them straight there. They loved her clean, functional apartment and the fact that they could cook there - it was close to the subway and supermarkets. Thanks for everything, Keeley! Keely is a fantastic host, kind, helpful and discreet. She welcomes you on your arrival day and is always available during your stay.   The house is cozy, bright and clean, and really has a ""good mood"".   The location for us was excellent, very close to the subway station, and placed between (ten minutes walks) two very beautiful districts, Park Slope and Carroll Gardens. We loved Brooklyn! Keely welcomed us in person, and she was a bright, and cheerful person who made us feel immediately at home.  Her apartment, with interesting city views, is exactly as it appears in the photos--a mixture of artsy, Zen, and very sunny during the day.  The bed was extremely comfortable!  With plants in every room, there is a sense of balance. One should expect a bit of noise from traffic on the street below, as in many city apartments:  I wasnt too bothered by that as I come from a city, too.    Very well situated, one block from the subway with very friendly luncheonettes on the east and west ends of the block, it is very easy to walk to Carroll Gardens or Prospect Park--or to explore the areas antique stores and new art galleries.  I especially appreciated how kind Keely was to let us check out late, which gave us a little more time to spend with the family nearby!  I highly recommend this apartment, and Keely, a wonderful host! We had a great time at Keelys apartment. With three friends who had never been to Brooklyn, this was a perfect chance to get to know this beautiful part of NYC. The clean and neat apt was big enough, though we were around town most of the time.  The subway was closeby and the connection to Manhattan quick. Keely is a really friendly host, it was easy to get in contact with her and we got fast responses to all our questions. We were glad to stay here and would come back anytime.    nous avons passé un très bon séjour chez Keely à Brooklyn.  notre arrivée était bien préparée par des petits mots qui nous attendaient dans son appartement. en son absence, à notre arrivée le premier soir, on a eu un souci douverture de la porte de limmeuble, mais nous avons pu la joindre très facilement par téléphone pour trouver la solution.  le quartier est agréable, proximité de la 5th avenue (de Brooklyn), de parkslope et Prospect park, et le secteur très commerçant dAtlantic avenue est à 12 mn à pied. la station du subway Union street, ligne R est à 2 mn à pied, mais le métro peut être long à venir.  Lappartement est chaleureux et respire la convivialité de son habitante. il est plus confortable dy dormir à deux dans la chambre que pour la 3è personne dans le salon.   linconvénient réside surtout dans le climat du milieu de lété, cette chaleur humide jour et nuit à laquelle on est pas habitués. on navait pas fait de lair conditionné un critère de choix, mais les ventilateurs de plafonds sont un peu limite pour aérer lappartement. cet inconvénient ne vaut que pour juillet-août, certainement.  A part ça, la description et les photos de lappartement sont fidèles à la réalité, et Keely est une hôte prévenante et attentionnée, avec nos remerciements         les ventilateurs de plafonds  I stayed 20 days at Keelys with a friend and everything went perfectly for us ! She was really welcoming and we felt at home ! Everything is exactly as the pictures describe ! I can honestly recommend renting her place ! Keely is a perfect host. She helped us a lot, and answered to all our questions. The house is perfect for 2 or 3 people, in a nice quartier, close to the subway R (less than 5 minutes) and other main subway at Atlantic Avenue (15 minutes). If ill came back in NYC ill stay at Keelys place again, thank you! Un très bon séjour dans cet appartement, confortable, bien équipé et surtout bien situé (métro, supermarchés, restaurants....).  Keely nous a très bien accueilli et a répondu à nos questions tout au long de notre séjour (3 mois).   Le quartier est vraiment sympa et nous avons passé un excellent moment à Brooklyn. On reviendra !  We stayed for 2 weeks at Keelys apartment over the Christmas/new year holiday. It was very homely and conveniently located for trips into Manhattan. Id advise future guests to arrange amenities like an iron and ironing board as well as the mirror pictured, as it wasnt made clear to me that these items were available by request only. I found the hot water to be temperamental which was a little frustrating but overall we were warm and cosy and there are plenty of great books to keep you occupied on a rainy day.   Keely was great to communicate with, and had a quick response to all my questions.   Loved all the plants and windows! Close to the R train and walking distance to lots of stuff. The apartment had more than enough space for the two of us. Keely was great about getting back to us quickly when we had questions also. We stayed in Keelys wonderful apartment for 3 months and it really became home during that time. It is lovely and bright and well equipped.  It is only one block away from the R train and the area around is really great. We absoutely love the industrial charme of Gowanus (so many things to discover just aorund the corner) and the atmosphere in Park Slope and will definitely stay in this area again the next time. Beautiful Prospect Park is only a 15 minutes walk away, too.  Keely is a terrific host and did everything to make our stay most comfortable possible. She replied very quickly and is really friendly and helpful person. So we were quite sad to leave the flat (and New York) and we can definitely recommend her appartment. We stayed in Keely´s apartment for 2,5 weeks. The apartment itself is well equiped especially for cooking (lots of pots and pans), very spacious (especially for NYC) and has lots of lights because of the many windows. The mattress was a bit too soft for us, but that´s a subjective perception.. One thing we missed was a mirror with a size that correponds to your body height, but that was okay for our relatively short stay. Apart from that we had nothing to complain.  The area Gowanus is between Park Slope and Carrol Gardens with tons of restaurants, bars and cafes. Because of the more industrial flair of the area it is sometimes a bit noisy because of traffic noise, but - hey this is New York ;-) Concerning public transport the apartment is well located - one block away from the R train that brings you to Union Square in about 25 minutes. The next bigger metro station is atlantic avenue/barclay center where you can get to in a 15 minutes walk. A Whole foods supermarket is very close (app. three blocks) as well as a Key Food Supermarket on 5th avenue.  Keely was a really nice host, very helpful and replied promptly. We would recommend the apartment to everyone who wants to explore New York apart from the touri stuff and who wants to become more familiar with Brooklyn. We would book Keely´s home definitely again! Das Apartment hat uns super gefallen. Da nur 5min entfernt eine Metrostation liegt, ist es auch prima erreichbar. Wir haben uns bei Keely sofort wohlgefühlt, es war alles wie beschrieben und die Kommunikation mit ihr hat einwandfrei geklappt. Also alles bestens, wir hatten nichts zu beanstanden. We stayed in Keelys beautiful apartment for two weeks. Well suited for 2 adults and 2 children. Great location close to everything and fast communications to Manhattan. Keely is a great host and we would definitely check if the apartment is available on our next visit to NYC. Highly recommended+++++ Great experience! The apartment was really welcoming, and communication went very smoothly with Keely, despite the fact that she was not in town during our stay. Also: great neighborhood! I would recommend this host to anyone. Keelys place had everything we needed to feel at home: a well-equipped kitchen, a comfortable bedroom, a pleasant living area. We liked being able to walk to Prospect Park through beautiful Park Slope, the Whole Foods Market nearby, and the great bagel shop and subway a block away. We did not get to meet Keely but she kept in touch the whole time and her instructions for finding and leaving the key were simple. Our only possible issue was the noise. The apartment is on the corner of a busy intersection and the bedroom has windows facing both streets, which means you get traffic coming at you in both directions all day and night. We drowned it out effectively, however, by running the aircon on very low at night. Mind you, if you cannot handle noise, New York is not the city to visit!   Everything was great!  Very nice apartment, including the bed. Only steps to the subway. An added bonus was being so close to a great barbecue restaurant. Thanks for a great stay.  Nice apartment, well located to explore Park Slope, Carroll Gardens and Red Hook on foot, with lots of interesting restaurants and shops close by. Close to 3rd ave so a little noisy during the week, much quieter during the weekend. Communication with Keely was great!  El apartamento de Keely es fantástico. Amplio, cómodo, bien equipado y muy bien ubicado. A una cuadra está la estación del metro (línea R) con la que puedes ir directamente a Manhattan y hacer combinación con cualquier otra línea de metro. Además cerca hay supermercados 24 hs y bares/restaurantes para comer y tomar buenas cervezas. El barrio es tranquilo. Se puede ir caminando hasta Brooklyn Bridge, Dumbo, Manhattan Bridge, (Website hidden by Airbnb) solo cuestión de caminar un par de minutos.   Estuvimos con 3 amigos y nos acomodamos muy bien.   Vale agregar que gracias a la calefacción del apartamento NO pasamos frío (y llegó a hacer - 11 º C).   Sin duda recomendaría el apartamento y volvería si tengo la oportunidad de hacerlo.  The host made us feel very welcome by giving full instructions to get settled and into the apartment (Keely was away). These were very clear and simple.   The neighbourhood is lovely and has everything you need and more close by.   Transport is also great into Manhattan and other parts of Brooklyn, and is very close to the subway station.   The apartment itself is very cosy and spacious and would definitely stay here again if I came back to Brooklyn. Communication with Keely was excellent and she was on hand to answer any questions I had during my extended stay.  Keely was a super nice host.  Apartment was exactly as described and pictured, and very functional.   Very convenient location.  Keely even allowed us to stay late on our checkout day to accomodate our flight time.   Would love to stay there again sometime. This was our first time using Airbnb, and it was a very positive experience.  Keely was great about responding and addressing any concerns.   She was out of town during our visit but gave simple directions for entry.  We simply followed instructions, got the keys, adhered to a few house rules and had a merry time exploring on our own.   What you see is what you get.   This is an older building, with a teeny slight floor lean that we werent quite used to at first, but it was plenty cozy for a couple and fit our small family just right with two teenagers sleeping on coach and air mattress.  The place was definitely cleaned as were the linens.  The location is one block from the subway and an easy trek to wherever you want to go and we did that a lot!  Theres plenty of simple dining within an easy stroll.   It was perfect for me.  The street noise in the evening was a small issue for my wife, but thats a bit of the city and it didnt bother me.    We had a great time and would recommend this place to anyone seeking similar traits as we did... safe, authentic living, reasonable inexpensive & a close distance to the subway.   Perfect! The place was as described and clean. Lovely views and good location.  Keely was the most lovely host! Although we didnt meet, she was communicative and so accommodating. She replied to my emails quickly, and was patient when I wasnt so quick myself! The apartment was perfect - exactly as seen in the photos, and very comfortable. I stayed for just over a week, joined briefly by my son-in-law, and there was ample space for both of us. Transport connections were excellent - subway at the end of the street with frequent Manhattan-bound trains (perfect for sightseeing!), and the Barclays Center a 10-minute walk away. Keely also left us some local info, and so we discovered 5th Avenue nearby - really lovely shops and cafes! There is also a Whole Foods close by, as well as many really nice convenience stores. All in all, I had a fantastic time, and this was a perfect pied-à-terre for visiting New York City. Thank you so much, Keely! Keely was a great host who stayed in constant communication (in a non-overbearing way), provided clear instructions, and accommodated our late check-out.  The place  was cozy and good as a jumping board to explore the neighborhood. The floor was noticeably slanted (characteristic of older bldg in the area) which took my out-of-town family by surprise.    Overall a good experience and would recommend to no-fuss fellow travelers.  This was our very first AirBnB experience and we were so happy with this apartment.  Keely is just wonderful and really made our stay perfect.  Communication was clear and her apartment was clean and in a fantastic location.  If you want an apartment near the train, close to restaurants and Brooklyn local food markets - this is a really great place to stay.  Thanks Keely! Apartment clean and spacious as described. However, our stay was ruined by several problems caused by Keelys superficial management and  insufficient care . Our  trip to New York was very important as we were to attend the graduation of my daugther at NYU  polytechnic school of engineering . What is described below made it miserable and we were even offended.   1) Plant maintenance is inadequate. We had no hot water for 3 days and we have been forced to go to friends’ houses to wash ourselves! My wife woke up at 6am the day of the cerimony !  No preventive maintenance is carried out in this apt: indeed, it turned out that the hot water heater was old, rusty and leaking for some time, and was only substitited during our stay. It should have been replaced in advance to avoid penalizing guests. There is no seven-days-a-week maintenance support nor there are instructions for failures occurring during the weekend.  Furthermore, we were also requested by Keely to wait for the technician to check if the repair was made...all this consumed our holiday time!      2) Wi-fi almost hardly ever worked: smartphonrìes connect to it but cannot navigate in Internet : it is  clearly a configiration problem (I am an IT professional). Keely did not request the intervention of a network specialist to reset/reconfigure the system . We  spent additional  money paying for  another Internet provider.  3) There is an evident slope of the floor that could be due to a possible structural settlement of the building that would require adequate technical checks as recommended by wy wife (Architect) and daughter (Structural Engineer).  In the controversy that followed, we completely diosagree with Keely’s statements that were  minimising the impact of these problems and distorting the facts. As a matter of principal, we asked for a compensation of $ 200 and we refused the $ 50 offered. At this point, we have been accused of trying to take advantage of situation. This was unfair, unacceptable and insulting !  Other useful information: the R train does not stop at Union Street in the late evening; you have to walk from Atlantic Avenueit : it takes 15 minutes, and the neighborhood is degraded.  Keely was not in NY during our stay, she has been difficult to communicate with before our arriva  and  during the explained emergency situation.   We will never return to this place.   Keely was a great host! She was very responsive on all inquieries and when the wifi broke down one day, she fixed it asap with the cable company.    The brooklyn appartment realy was as described on the site, the pictures show you the pleasant & roomy spaces as they are.     Location is great, next to the subway, between a couple of interesting nice neighbourhoods (park slope & cobble hill each 5 mins on foot), grocery stores, breakfast & bagels, cool shuffleboard club, and more...   Only negative point for us was the bedroom which is next to 3d avenue, so its loud. Lots of traffic, which forces you to sleep with the windows shut. Which in turns forces you to sleep with the airco on because its too hot otherwise.    If you have no problem with sleeping with closed windows/airconditioning (or come in wintertime), i can totally recommend this place :-) Keelys place was comfortable and what we were looking for.  Great communication from the host and very helpful.  We would rent her place again!     Thanks, Keely! The apartment is well located near the R train that will easily get you to Manhattan (but doesnt run on late night, you have to get off at Atlantic av and walk a little) in a great neighborhood (lots of shops, grocery store, park, restaurants, everything you might need). The place in itself is what you see on the pictures ! Its clean and has everything you need for a short or longer stay.  Even though we didnt see Keely, she was communicative with clear instructions to facilitate our stay and really accommodating.  I would definitely recommend this place ! We had a really nice stay at Keelys apartment. There are some nice restaurants in walking distance and the subway station is really close. Communication with Keely was really easy and she was a great host. Just one word of warning: If you are a light sleeper, bring some earplugs. The street outside the bedroom window can be busy ;) Great apartment, nice location closed to subway, lots of light and Keely was very accommodating.  Would recommend, and nice restaurants and bars nearby.  loved Keelys apartment very cosy for my travel partner and I. Super close to the subway in classic downtown Brooklyn. Would recommend for first timers coming to NYC to experience other neighbourhoods that isnt Manhattan. Fell in love with NYC :) Nice home in a nice neighborhood! Keely had a tidy and clean place with everything we needed for our stay , like plates , glasses and stuff for cooking. She was very nice to us and gave us some recommendations for eating around! If I came back to NY, I would undoubtedly repeat at Keeleys Keely was a great host, the communication was really easy and prompt. I would highly recommend her place. We cannot say enough wonderful things about Keelys home. We stayed in her home for a month because our current home in neighboring Carrol Gardens was under renovation. Keely was an extraordinary host and the apartment itself was cozy, yet spacious and super comfortable.  Her particular area of Gowanas is about as cool as it gets, so for those who want a real Brooklyn experience, this is the place! We were very sad to say goodbye as we really enjoyed our time there. We would absolutely recommend Keelys apartment to people.  Keely was a kind, attentive and helpful host.  Communication was top notch - very rapid replies to all questions, and very quick resolution to minor problems such as when the light bulbs in the stairwell needed changing.  The apartment is spacious and comfortable. Multiple windows in every room, big bright bathroom, big kitchen with everything needed to cook at home.  Location is very convenient.  Subway (R) is one block away, or the big terminal at Atlantic Avenue is a 10-15minute walk if you want a variety of lines.  Its only 2 blocks to a fun part of 5th Avenue, which is full of restaurants, cafes, bars, and all your practical needs.  Only downside was some roadwork going on right outside the window, but this was starting to move further up the street when I checked out, and is hopefully now a distant rumble.  Its a busy road so you will hear the traffic, but thats the flipside of close to everything. I really enjoyed my stay, and would definitely stay again.   Nous avons passé un bon séjour chez Keely, lappartement est fonctionnel et bien équipé. Keely est très disponible par mail si besoin lors du séjour et très réactive. Les indications pour lentrée dans les lieux sont très claires. Le lit est assez confortable mais avec un creux au milieu. Par contre le point négatif est lisolation du logement. Lappartement est situé à un carrefour très fréquenté et étant dans un vieil immeuble, les fenêtres sont très mal isolées du coup on entend très distinctement les voitures et autres camions qui passent en bas de la rue dès 6h du matin. A part ce désagrément lemplacement est par contre pratique à Brooklyn car situé à a peine 5 min à pied du métro ""R"" qui vous mène à Manhattan en 25 min. Il y a également quelques commerces de proximité aux alentours. Encore merci à Keely davoir été disponible pendant tout notre séjour. Keelys place is an awesome location with a lot of space.  It is on the same block as the R line, which will take you into Manhattan and if you are an avid walker you can walk up to the Brooklyn bridge from the house.  Prospect park is also close with delicious food options running all along 5th and 7th avenue.   My dad stayed at Keelys place for two weeks and very much enjoyed his stay! He was very busy and out and about but felt very comfortable coming back to her place for a good night sleep! Keelys place feels very home-y and warm. The bed is great and there are plants and comfortable chairs, so its easy to relax and feel away from the city, if you want to. At the same time, its a block from the subway and walking distance from lots of shops, restaurants, groceries etc. Would definitely stay there again. Keely was an excellent host! Very accommodating and easy to get a hold of. I would stay here again next time Im in Brooklyn. Keelys place is just great. Lovely flat, everything you need, in a nice area. Very close to the metro and delis etc. Its a perfect place for exploring Brooklyn, and getting into manhattan is so easy with a direct route. Keely is also very helpful and overall I was extremely happy with my choice. I will definitely be booking a stay there again soon! Buen apartamento, keely siempre contesta rápido y te ayuda en todo. Lo único negativo las obras en la calle que empezaban muy temprano y se escucha todo. We had a great time at Keelys place! Thank you. Henry & I had a great stay at Keely’s place — it was perfect for our short three-day trip to NYC for my 30 year high school reunion.   The apartment is homey and welcoming, full of beautiful plants and it was exceptionally clean. It had plenty of what we needed for a comfortable and easy stay — kitchenware, extra blankets, AC, cable, Wi-Fi and more.   The building is close to the subway, and has many fun bars & restaurants right in the immediate neighborhood. It’s also very walkable to other nearby cool hoods in Brooklyn.   Keely was a very communicative and proactive host, which always makes things easier.   We appreciate her opening her lovely home to us. Hopefully, we can stay longer next time!  John (& Henry) Keely is a wonderful host! She wasnt there during our stay, but She was there fof us always when we needed! The place is as Its written in the add, its clean, very comfortable bed, kitchen with all you need. Metro is just round the corner, very close to everything.  We would recomend Keely and her place to everybody! I hope they fixed the lock box issue. The first night, the box wouldnt open and I spent 20 minutes trying to contact the host with no luck. I ended up staying in a hotel the first night. Love the space and location. Will definitely stay again next time Im in town! My friends and I had a wonderful stay! The indications to get to the flat were very clear and everything went smoothly. The place was very clean. Also, we did the commute to Manhattan everyday without any inconvenience. The perfect place to be if youre looking to stay in Brooklyn! Keely’s place worked out perfectly for a quick business trip to the city.  Myself and two associates were comfortably situated in this 1 bedroom apartment. The living room was spacious enough for two people to sleep and the bedroom itself is quite large as well.  It is conveniently located near plenty of shops, restaurants and bars.  The metro was also really close so we were very fortunate to have stayed here.  Keely was an amazing host and responded promptly to all of our messages.  The check-in and out process was super easy with clear instructions so that everything went smoothly.  If you’re looking for a great place to stay in Brooklyn, I would highly recommend Keely’s place. The apartment is really clean and cozy, very comfortable.  The area has many places to eat, and or hang out. The typical NY corner pizza is right there on the corner of 4th Avenue, cheap and delicious! We also went to Le Petit Café, a must for brunch, and The Ugly Duckling.  There are plenty more to choose from close by.  The subway is super close by, and really easy find is the R, or walk a bit more to the F on Carroll.  You’ll find everything you need in the kitchen and bathroom. And Keely was quickly to answer any questions if we had any. Our stay was super easy and everything went very smoothly.  We did our own check in and check out, no problem! She was very attentive, without being on top of us, which felt comfortable. I would recommend it to anyone! Keely was lovely to communicate with and responded promptly to all messages and gave clear instructions for self check-in and out. We actually live nearby her apt.(in Park Slope) and my husband and I needed a place to stay for a week. The apt. is in a really good location, has a wonderful cityscape view, a warm vibe, and is spacious, tidy, and comfy! Bathroom has a bath and window, which is nice to have in NYC. We were very happy and cozy (good heat in winter) in Keelys flat and will definitely recommend to any of our friends visiting NYC! We loved our stay in Gowanus at Keely’s place. It is so conveniently located to a couple of subway lines, so getting around was easy. It’s a quiet apartment with everything you could need: dishes, shampoo, hair dryer, umbrella, anything you can think of.  We took the opportunity to walk around the local neighborhood and happily found some great restaurants and bars. Some of our faves: Runner & Stone for delicious coffee and pastries. We also loved the pierogies place on the same block.  Keely is friendly and very good at communicating with her guests. We were sad to leave. Excelente ubicación, a una cuadra del metro, lo prometido fue cumplido. Relación calidad precio excelente I had a great stay in Keelys apartment. Its was really comfortable and had everything you could need for a home away from home (I stayed for a month).  Its also worth mentioning the views. I cant imagine there are many apartments around that offer such a great view of Manhattan! We stayed at Keelys apartment because it was very close to our college sons apartment. So that was really our only location criteria. But we were pleasantly surprised at the wonderful neighborhood. Enjoyed the restaurants right down the block. Great apartment. Great neighborhood. And Keely incredibly responsive to our last-minute reservation. Would definitely stay there again!"	1
635	Three friends and I spent the weekend here and absolutely loved it. The apartment was spacious, clean and comfortable. The location was great -- the street was quiet and residential but we had an easy walk to bars, restaurants, and the L train. Akash was quick to respond to any questions we had, and had left towels out for us when we arrived. Thanks for a great stay! Great neighborhood and convenient location. Apartment looked exactly like in the pics - clean and spacious. Akash was helpful, organized, and very hospitable. Would definitely plan to stay at his place again (should the chance arise.)  The best part of this place was the outside patio area. Best to stay when its nice out. There is no place to really sit inside besides a card table and 3 folding chairs. When we arrived there was dirty dishes in the sink and dirty towels on the bathroom floor. Looks the the maid never came. Akash was very apologetic. Besides that it was the perfect location for a couple concerts we were attending for the weekend in the Williamsburg area. Great location  Akash is a great communicator and assisted with whatever I need before and during my trip. The Apartment was in a convenient area and in a safe building. The apartment needed a little cleaning when we arrived but it wasnt anything major. Ive stayed in a few Airbnb locations and some are hotel/guest type and some are like your crashing at a friends apartment! Overall we enjoyed our stay and  would stay again if we were in the neighborhood. Over all was a good experience, Akash was very nice and recommended some great spots to go while in the area. The location was great and within walking distance to the main spots we were going, and finding street parking was relativity simple too. Apartment looked exactly like the pictures. He was still cleaning when we arrived (the people staying before us were late checking out) but had us come in to drop off our stuff while he finished up. Could have been cleaned a little better, but understand it was a rushed situation. Great neighborhood and perfect size and location for our stay.  Thank you for having us!  Would book again :) Since wes booked the apartment it was  a little dificult communicate with Akash through messages, however we could solve it. The apartment is located in a great area , nice neightborhood and close to the subway. There are plenty of bars  and restaurant near by.  However , we find that the apartment was not clean and some furniture were broken (the smaller room shown in pictures was full of bagagge and boxes).  Over All: Very good area , spacious apartment for 4 people , lacked cleanliness. The apartment was as described. Amazing location, walking distance to everything! The apartment is very quiet (for a city). We didnt hear the neighbors at all, and street noise was minimal.  Akash was a very concerned and reactive host, thanks! Appartement propre, fonctionnel et très bien placé à proximité du centre de Williamsburg (quartier très sympa de Brooklyn). Le propriétaire est très sympa, organisé et réactif. Very good location, and the flat is perfect for 4 ! The neighborhood was beautiful, and we felt very safe.  The beds are super comfortable, and a pretty decent sized bathroom, especially for NY.  The patio is large, and we had beautiful weather, so drinking a coffee on the patio was great.  We also found Akash to be very responsive, and he had very kind neighbors.   The apartment had a great location. We didnt get to meet the host, but he was responsive on my texts.  Nice apartment with very comfy beds very close to Greenpoint. Was super convenient and Akash was very helpful. We had a nice 2 days stay at Akash place. He was very friendly and helpful, even though we didnt get to meet him. The communication was quick and clear.  We stayed there with our 2 year old son, and the apartment was spacious enough for all three of us. There was a lot of personal stuff though, that we tried to keep our curious son away from, but it was not a problem, it also just showed that it was a real home :)  We really liked the nice spacious patio where we could enjoy the sun, and also play ball with out son. Other than that we enjoyed the park which is only one block away. We had a wonderful stay at Akashs apartment. The rooms were very comfortable and it was spacious. The best part however was the huge outdoor patio area where we spent our mornings and evenings. Also the location was great, with good restaurants around and it was relatively close to the subway.  Wonderful host!  Great instructions and communication beforehand and the apartment was easy to find and get into.  Its a great place - two spacious bedrooms that are separated from each other by the kitchen and small living area and a fantastic patio that connects to the master bedroom.  Also an awesome location,  very close to McCarren Park (great place for a walk or jog), easy walk to the subway, and theres a great little Brazilian restaurant a block away (called Beco) which had awesome brunch and lunch. Akash was a great host. The apartment was in great conditions, and we had everything we needed for a pleasant stay. Its located in a great location in Williamsburg, just a block away from Over the Eight, a famous local bar that offers Venezuelan street food, and brunch spots like Lilia and Reunion. Its also very close to the subway station, which makes it very convenient if you want to head over to Manhattan. It was also considerably affordable for the 4th of July weekend. I will definitely be staying here again. Thanks Akash! The apartment is great with a spacious patio out the back. The L & G metro stations arent too far away and theres a park one block away. The flat was clean. However, as I pointed out if the entire flat and not just one room is rented out then the flats owner needs to clear his stuff away before his guests arrive. That also means making sure that there is sufficient space in the cupboards and drawers of both rooms so that his guests are able to unpack their suitcases during their stay. The spare room badly needs a new set of drawers as the existing one is literally falling apart! But to sum things up: we had a rough start but the rest of our stay was great. Thanks! Bonne communication dAkash, les clés étaient déposées dans une lock box.   Lappartement est bien situé, à 5-10 min à pied de larrêt de métro Bedford Avenue qui mène à Manathan en 7 minutes !   Lappartement nétait pas parfaitement rangé, sûrement dû au fait quAkash vit dans ce dernier...  Néanmoins, nous recommandons cet appartement pour sa terrasse et sa localisation !  The apartment is exactly as described in the listing. It is very cozy and comfortable and at the same time gives privacy to tennants since the bedrooms are seperated by the kitchen. We rented is as a family and it was perfect for us.  The location was perfect, right in the middly of the wonderful Willamsburg, and close to the L and G trains if you wish to travel. Its perfect to people who wants to enjoy a quiet time in NYC, while having the option to be in manhattan in just few minutes.  Akash was very accomadating, he answered all of our questions within hours and assisted in every request we had.  I highly recommend this place. The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	0
636	The host canceled this reservation 12 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Jacob was a very good host always trying to help, nice and comfortable place. Yaakov was very helpful in guiding my friend and me in getting settled in at the apartment.  The neighborhood is nice and the location is great.  Id recommend this location to anyone looking to travel on a budget in the Manhattan area! The host was very accommodating and the place was great. The location was very convenient. Thanks  The reason Im rating it so low is because 1) the owner made it very inconvenient to get the keys and to drop them off. We had to basically go out of our way with our luggages to get the keys (and also drop them off at 5am to some random location when we had a bus to catch). It shouldnt be this difficult to get/drop off keys. i was told last minute about picking up the keys (i was in NY already!), very bad communication  2) the apartment looked like a guest had used the place before us and the owner didnt bother to clean it up, put new blankets or even have any toilet paper plus the garbage from the guests before was still sitting in the corner of the room. And lastly number 3) the sheets on the bed were disgusting. You could see the black stains on the pillow cases, it just wasnt a place where anyone wants to sleep. The bed wasnt even made when we got there. On the plus side, there was AC. Im rating it low for the lack of effort on their part and the inconvenience each step of the way. The place is very cheap but that comes with a cost. They dont charge cleaning fee for a reason. We arrived with the trash from the previous tenant still inside the apartment. Bedsheets were obviously used and not cleaned. There was hair in the bath tub and the tub was very slippery. No cold water from the bathroom sink. In addition, the door lock in the bathroom didnt work and there was no toilet paper in the bathroom so make sure to buy them yourself. (there is a grocery store across the street).     The location seems nice and the neighborhood is charming. The host seems to be friendly.    p.s.  the couch in the living room cannot convert to a sofa bed.   The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting.	0
637	Check in went very smooth, communication was top, and everything was clean and as described. Very pleased! Check in went very smoothly and communication with David was very easy. Apartment was in top shape with all new appliances was very neat and definitely felt at home. It was a pleasure staying at Davids place. He ensured there was someone there to greet us, which happened to be his mother, and she was really sweet and helped us get accommodated. The apartment itself was spacious, clean, and comfortable. There was AC/heat which we were able to adjust to our preference. As far as location, its about a 10 minute walk from the D subway which was really convenient for commuting. If youre looking for breakfast theres a great diner right next to the subway too! David was great at communicating and replied instantly. Just a tip, the side door entrance is locked late at night so make sure to go through the front door if its late. Overall great deal and experience- I would definitely stay here again if I had to! The whole apartment was just amazing, it felt homey and comfortable to stay at. The kitchen was amazing, I did some cooking and I loved it . The communication was also amazing with David, he made sure we had everything we needed to make us feel comfortable. Would definitely come back again ! David was always quick with text responses and his mother met us to check-in. Both were friendly. The entire place is nicely furnished and spacious enough for 4 people. Not bad for the price at all. We really enjoyed our stay. We were traveling with 4 people. The pull out sofa was large and comfortable. It was very close to the metro as well as various convenience stores. We would definitely stay here again if we found ourselves in NYC. Nice cozy clean place in a trendy neighborhood of Brooklyn.  The host was very hospitable.  Quiet neighbors.  I liked the fact that it was pet friendly, as I was traveling with my dog to visit family for the holidays.   Would come again. The outside of the place looks creepy but inside the apartment looks very nice. Very Nice Apartment. Clean, Cozy, And In A Quiet/Calm Building. Anything You Need Will Be Provided Upon Request. this place was clean and in good walkable distance to the trains, they were clear communicators with flexible check in time, the price was also very good, id definitely stay here again Great place to stay, very very comfy place bed was firm which was a plus for me and my spine, the place was clean and tidy 设施齐全,装修很新 I felt right at home at the apartment.  Didnt get a chance to meet David in person. He was very responsive to my queries. His mom helped me check-in and she was great. Very helpful and was very cooperative. I was also allowed an extended check-out as there was no guests coming in on the day of my checkout. That was really nice of the host!	1
638	My host Grace was a very pleasant person to be with. Very in tune with travelers needs and wants.  Grace provided good information, a most gracious host. Grace est un hôte super sympa. Jai bien été accueilli par mon hôte.  Le logement est propre. Quartier tranquille, peu bruyant. Lappartement est entre 5 et 10 mn à pied du métro pour se rendre vers Manhattan à 10 mn en métro...Vraiment un coin sympa! Jespère revenir chez Grace pour un autre séjour... Very clean apartment. Easy access to shops and subway. Host Grace was accommodating and courteous.  My first days were overall pleasant. However, after I extended by 30 days, it was another story. Grace often let his dishes dirty, so I need to clean after him to use them. Furthermore, I asked Grace several times to spray the bathroom to kill the cockroaches. Unfortunately, he never did it, or even planned to do it. During my stay (40 days) the apartment was cleaned merely once. Moreover, I didnt appreciate the annoying hosts behavior when he got home drunk (or high). Finally, I was not comfortable that Grace got into my room when I was absent. When it happens many times, it becomes suspicious.   To be honest, Ill never go back.  Grace is really gentle and kind. The house is clean and easy to reach every public way.  In a nice area  Cozy place,location is everything. Pretty obnoxious guy Interesting guy with interesting opinions. Could have endless conversations with him! Place was clean and tidy when I arrived. Close to shops and walking distance to Pratt. Great for a short stay Grace is a gracious host with a great place in a good location.	0
639	The host canceled this reservation 8 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. We had a wonderful time at Hannas place. I would highly recommend this if someone is looking for a no frills, very safe, and very convenient location. It is on the third floor and is located at the back of the building so it doesnt have any street noise which we loved. The location in upper east side is one of our favorite areas because its close to wonderful restaurants and Central Park with out feeling too touristy. Its also a quick walk to the subway, Whole Foods, and anything else you could need. We would definitely stay here again. Great location, definitely a great value for a place to rest your head and chill a little between roaming around New York City. Just 4 streets from the Q line and 3-4 more from  the 4-5-6. Handful of cool restaurants nearby and easy access to LES, Times Square, Grand Central, etc. Highly recommend as a high-value place to stay in Manhattan! Hannas place was simple but clean with a large living space and small kitchen and bath.  Location was in great area of town with easy 3 flight climb of stairs. Hi Hanna! Great location and nice apartment but should host maximum 2 guest or a couple with a smaller child. The sofa , even if comfy as a sofa, is not a perfect place to sleep. Nevertheless we enjoyed our stay! The location of the flat is good. Many restaurants, bars, grocery shopping in the area. And it is easily accessible by subway. The flat looks like the pictures on the profile. However, the flat is extremely dirty, especially the floor (all floors). We had to clean it ourselves. In the kitchen, some glasses, spoons, knives, and forks were dirty and some very greasy. I really dont recommend this place! It was a bad experience. Hanna was very responsive and attentive in order for us to check in smoothly, which I greatly appreciated. She was also very accommodating to our request check out in the late afternoon because of a late flight, so I would say Hanna is an understanding host who will try to accommodate reasonably. Her apartment is in a great location in the Upper East Side of NYC with close access to a lot of restaurants (literally right downstairs) and a close walk to a few train lines, the closest one being the Q train, which we took almost our entire time getting to the heart of NYC and downtown Manhattan. We visited Chinatown, the Statue of Liberty, and Times Square which were all a few train stations down the Q train. We were a close walk to Central Park and strolled there one of the days.   I stayed with my parents, and I would say her apartment should fit 3 people max. I took the couch, and while it is very comfortable to lounge in, its not all that comfortable to sleep on (and I know of a good few couches that are great for sleep). She has quick WiFi access, and good selections on TV. I cant say much to it because I caught myself watching Pokemon XY on Netflix the entire time I stayed...  The only downsides to our stay was that the shower drained extremely slowly, and it was a little inconvenient on nights when we got back from an entire day walking outside and just wanted to shower and rest. If you dont mind stepping in dirty water and/or dont take too long of showers and can switch between a few people easily, then youll have no problem. I just wasnt used to that, so it was slightly dirtier than expected.  Apparently the apartment has uncontrolled heating, which is worse in the living than the bedroom. In the end, I got sick because of the heater. If youre staying just in the bedroom, the temperature and climate is perfectly fine so long as you keep a little bit of the window opened. This visit was in the winter, so it might have been worse because of that.  I was also surprised to find no microwave in the apartment (which I kind of expected in a home vs a hotel), but I forget if it was listed on the amenities or not and it wasnt a huge deal without it. Just thought Id mention in case anyone is like me and takes it for granted haha.  All in all, it was a convenient and pleasant stay. The fact that Hanna was so attentive and responsive from the get go made it a less stressful experience right off the bat!	0
640	Two thumbs up  방 3인실이 맞나 싶을 정도로 작음. 간이 침대하나는 바닥의 먼지와 ㅎㅁ께 더럽고 그리고 간이 침대를 펴면 캐리어를 놓을 수 없이 좁았기 때문에도 자기 싫어서 한침대에 3명이 잤ㅇㅁ . 맨위층 화장실 물 온도 지멋대로 바뀌기 일쑤... 수압도 약해서 아주 씻는대 오래걸림 .. 이거 두개 빼곤 다 괜찮 ㅎ 수건 많고 깨끗 위치 지하철이랑 가까워서 좋았음  Greg is a really coperative person. Place is good for youngsters  Its a really nice stay for a couple of nights. The room is really clean. But the common bathroom is very dirty and the shower doesnt work properly. I think its small for 3 people I really enjoyed my comfy room however the shower on the second floor is not one of the best. The house is clean and the location is very good, you have more than 3 lines, M, J, A and C to get in Manhattan. I didnt meet Greg but we talked a lot by message. He was very helpful, especially regarding my check out time. Highly recommended!! The room was very small for 2 people. There was no storage furniture in the room. It wasnt clean under the bed The kitchen was dark, it wasnt cosy and confortable The bathroom was dirty after everybody went, we couldnt hang our towel and there was no pressure on the shower. You dont fell welcome on this house, a few ameliorations would be necessary. Very clean, nice place. Highly recommend contacting the person before 10 pm. Although the communication was a little trouble, I got a refund for the day I paid for but was not able to get to the place due to not reaching the person. Other than that little mishap. Great area This really helped me with a last minute airport change from LGA to JFK. I couldnt have asked for a better solution. I wouldve been stranded otherwise. Le séjour sest bien passé. Tout est fourni comme les serviettes, linge de maison, shampooing, gel douche etc. La maison est grande, avec plusieurs salles de bains, on se croirait dans une auberge de jeunesse. Le logement se trouve près dune station de métro qui conduit facilement à Manhattan. Je recommande. Little bit tiny room for 3 people. Shower is always busy, but the bed was comfortable No complaints. This is a shared space, so the cleanliness is a bit dependent on what type of people are also in the space. We lucked out in that the apt was clean the whole weekend! Also, he was helpful and responsive. Awesome place and Gee is very good host. Would love to stay in future Great value for New York! I booked the place for my boyfriend who was in New York for a few days. Grey was very responsive when I messaged with him in advance, and sent me a detailed email with information on the room, and how to access the building in his absence. Grey was very accommodating and nice. His room wasn’t ready when he arrived, but Grey apologized immediately, and let him stay in another room the first night. The following day he was able to access his room, and it was perfect for his needs. The bed was extremely comfortable, and thankfully there are several showers within the flat. It’s a great place to stay if you are traveling on a budget. The kitchen is equipped with plenty of utensils, and cookware, plus there are several shops nearby if you like to cook your own meals. there are two train lines within a five minute walk of the flat that can get you to Manhattan easily. I know he would happily stay there again when he visits NYC.X	0
641	Yvette was very nice and hospitable. The room I was in only had one bed and I shared with no one(which was nice;dont think that room is pictured). She had a comforter in the room in case I needed it. The no a/c wasnt really an issue.....theres a high powered fan in the room for you and bars on the window(I slept with the window open). Towels were ready in there too. She made me feel at home, and told me what was in the fridge to eat. I CAN NOT stand a dirty bathroom...and Yvettes bathrooms(she has a half bathroom too) was super clean everyday, even with another couple there too. For the women out there traveling by yourself, shes great. Only thing I would be mindful off is, its in Brooklyn but East New York....can be a lil ways away depending on where youre trying to get to. Nonetheless still the city and you will get the most bang for your buck here. I was out most of the day and came in a night and it worked. I would stay here again and would definitely recommend her home to other wanderlustin folks :)  Stay with Yvette! She is great. Her apartment is comfortable and clean. She is a friendly and  generous woman. Only downside is  the  apt is farther from Manhattan attractions but fell in love with Brooklyn. I would come back for sure! Yvette is the sweetest host one could meet, she takes good care of her guests and makes sure to maintain a clean location. If staying in Brooklyn Yvette is my first choice Recommend it.  My stay was amazing. The room was clean, the home was welcoming and the host provided various comforts that youd otherwise miss Yvette responded to my request immediately and was warmly welcoming me. Her place is very comfortable and I can recommend it to anyone! Great place to stay in Brooklyn! Ms. Yvette was extremely nice and helpful. Id recommend this place for anyone needing a place to stay in Brooklyn. Very clean, neat, and comfortable.  She is the most friendly host in all Airbnb !!!! She helped me if I need ) her apartment is always clean ! I recommend ) Yvette keeps her place VERY clean. She took the time to exposing everything to me and make me feel comfortable. She even provided a variety of drinks to me. I would definitely stay here again. She is very kind and welcoming.  My second time at Yvettes, Fantastic place, Fantastic host! Absolutely recommended. nice place Yvette makes you feel right at home, yet gives you all the space you need. Incredibly clean and comfortable. Great stay with a great host, would definitely book again. Between a loud preacher and loud music on the street and a rather firm bed I had a hard time finding sleep in my room. Has a great time as a last minute reservation in NYC. Super close to the subway! Host is extremely helpful and the place is very clean. Only two things to keep in mind is that it is sometime noisy late at night with people hanging out in the street-side below the apartment, I honestly didnt mind it at all but perhaps some light sleepers might. Second thing is that the keys seems to get stuck in the doors a bit and you have to jimmy it a bit sometimes. Neighborhood might not be great for a woman coming home late but highly recommend the place for solo male travelers(especially if already familiar with brooklyn) looking for cheap place to stay close to the train, airports and main brooklyn areas. My stay here was EASILY my best air bnb experience to date. Yvettes hospitality was second to none and she keeps a beautiful home. Everything was clean, neat and orderly. She went out of her way to make sure I had everything I needed throughout my whole stay as well. Convenient, a couple blocks from the A/C train. Would stay here again in a heartbeat. Yvette is a great host. She has excellent human relationship skills. Keep it up Yvette. Yvette is a great host. Quiet, peaceful stay. Nice place, close to JFK; only thing missing was wi-fi	1
642	"Nadias apartment in NY was just perfect for us: very well located, spacious and clean ! We definitely recommend it to anyone wanting to discover NY !  Nadia was easy to get in contact with. Her place was nice and clean. Just like the pictures.  The apartment is spacious and has everything you need in a nice residential neighborhood, a minute walk from great restaurants and bars.   Nadia was great and provided everything we need. I really wanted to like this simple apt as the location was perfect for me and I do not need fancy items in a room. The air conditioning was ok, and the shower was decent.   Host was nice and responded in timely manner.      But, this apt really lacked any welcoming feel and can use a little more thought...   a sofa bed is offered, but no bed sheets or pillows for the bed.  One of 2 lamps did not work, a sofa chair (not in photos) without a sitting cushion (just the frame of the sofa chair - odd, and could not sit in it).  It is a basement apt (which is fine), though a huge pile of ""fragrant"" garbage spilling over at front door as you enter/exit.  The cleaning fee is excessive for a tiny apt.    We did not use kitchen.  If the rental fee is low, and you plan to spend little time in this place, it can work fine.  The location is a good one.  The neighborhood was very nice, close to attractive of new york.  Never I saw the anfitrion, but with indication It was very good. The clean wasnt very well. The  apartment was very enclosed he lacked ventilation and had no television (detail).  thank you. Buona collocazione in zona centrale. La comunicazione con lhost non é sempre stata rapidissima e alcuni oggetti che sarebbero dovuti essere nellappartamento erano assenti. Biancheria per il divano letto assente, ad eccezione di un coprimaterasso sudicio. Super appartement, très bien situé dans un quartier vivant avec restaurants et commerces, à 15min à pieds de time square!  Spacieux et propre, lit très confortable et clim utile les jours de forte chaleur.  Lentrée dans les lieux sans problème, nous navons pas rencontré Nadia mais la communication par message était simple.  Rien à redire sur la qualité du logement. A good visit. Communication with the host prior and during our trip was effective and responsive. Nadia was very polite and clear with all the instructions. We had an easy check-in and check-out.    It was a very cozy basement apartment, the bed was super comfortable, nice pillows and comfy covers.    We had some drawers to unpack our clothing which were really useful. Bathroom was equipped with towels, soaps, shampoo and conditioner, all of them small of course, toilet paper and even a glass for toothbrushes. It had a big mirror, shelves, and it was super clean and spacious.   The kitchen was fully equipped, although we didnt use it. The A/C was very easy to use and to control the temperature. If you ever needed to wash clothing, there was a washing machine and a dryer in the hallway where the apartment is, although we didnt use it either.     Quiet neighbours upstairs, quiet street (no honking, no loud dogs or people). Nice location, secure, we were really close to 5th ave, we had many restaurants close, also a 24h supermarket close which came in really handy for us, and overall the location was just perfect because we could just walk everywhere from there.     This was the first time I travelled to NY so I was thrilled that also my first AirBnb experience was this good!    Great host, great apartment! :) Nuestra estadía en la casa de Nadia fue muy buena! La ubicación es excelente, accesible al metro, a las grandes tiendas de la 5ta Ave. El wifi, el agua de la ducha y cocina excelente! Sin duda, volvería a la casa de Nadia!!  Sugerencia: tal vez faltaría dos sillas para sentarse.  Cool, safe, convenient neighbourhood but very noisy at night time and in the morning. Bed was comfortable to sleep on. Apartment is spacious.  Wifi lost connection frequently, there were a lot of light bulbs that were out or missing and we had to buy hand soap and toilet paper ourselves since there were none left for us (only 1 roll toilet paper for 1 weeks stay). Also watch out, the address Airbnb provided on the listing is wrong, its house number is 344* not 354. Whenever we took a shower since there is no bathroom fan everything in the bathroom got insanely wet. Besides these few little issues we had a good time here and were able to travel by metro to all the tourist destinations from where we stayed.  Abbiamo alloggiato nellappartamento di Nadia per 10 giorni. Lunica cosa positiva è stata la posizione della casa: comoda per la metro e per raggiungere la fifth avenue a piedi. Per il resto TERRIBILE. Siamo arrivati la sera tardi e lindirizzo che ci era stato fornito era sbagliato, abbiamo chiamato lhost più volte ma non ci ha mai risposto. Una volta entrati la casa non rispecchiava la descrizione e le foto: davanti al letto cè una centralina elettrica con tubi e piena di polvere, la cucina con fornelli non funzionanti, mensole con allinterno avanzi di cibo e pavimento completamente impolverato. Il soffitto della doccia perde acqua. Sprovvista di tavolo e sedie, si è costretti a mangiare sul divano o sul letto. Inoltre ci siamo ritrovati una signora dentro casa mentre dormivamo perché abbiamo scoperto che le chiavi degli appartamenti sono uguali per tutti. Per finire è un appartamento molto rumoroso a causa delle scale che si trovano proprio sopra al letto e i secchi della spazzatura proprio davanti alla finestra (lunica finestra per lintero appartamento).  El departamento es tal cual las fotos. Tiene muy buena ubicación, la cuadra es muy linda, con el subte a 2 cuadras, y una farmacia 24 hs también a 2 cuadras que vende de todo.  Tiene muy buena calefacción, la cama es muy cómoda, y el sofá cama es amplio para que duerman 2 personas, pero no tan cómodo, aunque para una semana está perfecto. El baño estába Muy limpio, con toallas suficiente para 4 personas.   Los puntos a mejorar, podrían limpiar la alfombra, y equipar más la cocina, con una pava eléctrica, y utensilios, ya que son casi todos descartables.   Algo para avisar, se escucha mucho el ruido de los pisos superiores.  Recomiendo este alojamiento! El alojamiento muy bueno y era lo esperado. Lo mejor la ubicación ya que se puede ir caminando a varias atracciones principales, además hay una estación de metro a tres cuadras. Varios negocios y lugares para comer cerca en especial un restaurant de comida italiana buenisimo que queda en la 2 st entre la 50 y 49. Buen contacto con el encargado, recomendable de todas maneras. The apt is a good place for staying, is easy to get there, near to the subway, and all important in Manhattan. The neighborhood is safe and goodlooking. Maybe we wasnt that much confortable because pf the noise that our upstairs neighbors did, and also it was kind of cold in the morning. But regard of that it was OK.  Buena ubicación, cerca de estaciones de subte y restaurantes We had a really good stay. Nadias appartment was really well located, 10 minutes from one of the most important metro lines and many pubs, and restaurants around. The appartment is as in the pictures, the temparature was really good and the thermostate and hot water worked very well so although we went in winter it wasnt cold.  Nadia was really nice and every question we had she answered, we had good comunication. We recomend Nadias appartment!! Perfecto!!!! Nice place to stay for a couple of days. We were at NYC to visit, so we mostly went to the place to sleep. We were 3 and the apartment can easily be used for 4 people. The street is quiet but near large avenues where you will find everything you would need (restaurant, car, pharmacy, shopping, etc...) and the metro is available with a 15 min walk. Good value for money. Its was an amazing experience, the flat is in the middle of the city, near to everything! Awesome place. Awesome shower. Efficient check-in and check-out. Everything needed for a nice stay in NYC is close by.  I really liked the apartment! Its close to the metro, there are good restaurants nearby, all very clean and above all cozy. Nadia was very friendly and gave us several helpful tips to help us enjoy our stay. I would definitely stay here the next time. The apartment was very nice, it was located at a very convenient place. Spacious and true to the pictures. The noise from above was sometimes loud, but other than that we had a good time and Nadia was very nice about listening to our needs! El lugar es ideal para conocer la ciudad si disponemos de pocos días, esta bien ubicado y cerca de los lugares a conocer, la anfitriona nos brindo todo lo necesario para pasar una buena estadía y respondio a la brevedad todas nuestras preguntas. Awesome place to stay central clean and in quiet neighborhood . Was comfortable for family of 4 I will definitely stay here again when I visit ny again  Proche du centre à 15mn de Time square et grand central 10mn ainsi que la 5th rue proche du métro  Appartement confortable et très mignon Je recommande We stayed for three nights at Nadias place. The studio, although in the basement, is very well located, a few minutes walk from the subway, in a quiet area. A few blocks from 5th Avenue. Time square, Rockefeller Center and Empire State Building are at a walking distance.  The description provided and the pictures adequately reflect the studio. It was clean, everything we could need was there. The only drawback was that the noise from the neighbors upstairs could be heard  because of the thin floor and the ventilation pipes; but we were annoyed only one evening. Overall a good place to stay for a few days in NYC. Lappartement est bien placé et proche du métro. Nous avons passé un excellent séjour à New York. Il est agréable et permet de faire une petite pause dans la journée avant de reprendre les visites. Apartamento perfecto, idéntico al anuncio y muy bien comunicado. La comunicación con Nadia muy buena. Estuvimos 4 personas y estuvimos muy cómodas. Si volvemos a NYC buscaremos este alojamiento de nuevo! Todo muy bueno muy recomendable Nadias apartment was my first expirience with airnbn and I can say that it was realy realy great! The location is perfect - you can reach many of NYs main attractions on foot - Times squere, Central Park, Rockefeller Center, Braynt Park etc. Also subway is very close. Pharmacy and grocery shop is right around the corner. The apartment is absolutely like photos - clean and cozy. All our call and requests were granted on the same day or the next day. Me and my friends are thankful for our perfect vocations! Ill stay here next time surely! The location is really good, near St.Patricks Cathedral, Rockefeller, Roosevelt tram track that will let you see the beautiful charm of NYC. And walking through Subway is really easy and not far from 5th avenue for shoppers. The room and beds are really good, new and clean. But there is lots of noise from upstairs that might bother your sleep but there is almost no sound from the streets and that was great!!! By the way, the bathroom is not that good, I think that somethings might need to be changed. Nadia is out of town when we arrived but she always contact us to see that everything is okay and she provided things that we need just text to her.^^  The location is great, but the place can use a bit of work.  Extremely clean and well equipped apartment. My friends and I had a great time. Close to grand central which makes it easy to commute to anywhere in the city. The host sent clear guidance regarding the apartment and important things around the apartment, which is surely helpful for people visiting.  Great location, great host, excellent communication, easy access, no drama Es una gran locación en una tranquila zona de Manhattan. El apartamento de Nadia es justo lo necesario para un grupo de 4 personas para disfrutar NY. Se puede llegar caminando o en cortos trayectos de taxi a zonas de interés como Times Square, Central Park, Rockefeller Center, Trump Tower, 5ta Avenida, entre otros. También es cercano a varias estaciones de metro entonces puedes llegar a cualquier parte de la ciudad muy fácilmente. El apartamento es acogedor, limpio y muy cómodo. Tiene agua caliente y tanto calefacción como aire acondicionado. Nadia es una gran anfitriona y es muy atenta con las necesidades del viajero. Definitivamente muy recomendable. Pasamos un gran momento allí. // It is a great location in a quiet area of Manhattan. Nadias apartment is just what you need for a group of 4 people to enjoy NY. It can be reached by walking or short taxi routes to areas of interest such as Times Square, Central Park, Rockefeller Center, Trump Tower, 5th Avenue, among others. It is also close to several metro stations so you can get to any part of the city very easily. The apartment is cozy, clean and very comfortable. It has hot water and both heating and air conditioning. Nadia is a great hostess and is very attentive to the needs of the traveler. Definitely highly recommended. We had a great time there. Appartement bien placé dans une rue calme a quelques rues dun métro. Bonne literie et équipement satisfaisant Appartement très sombre en sous sol avec quand même des fenêtres ( mi étage sous sol) Excelente departamento, muy bien ubicado. Fuimos en verano y el aire acondicionado funcionó perfecto. Está muy cerca del centro y del transporte público.  Cómodo para 4 personas. Excelente comunicación con la anfitriona. Lo único malo es que se escuchan bastante los ruidos de la gente de arriba, pero nada grave. Zona muy segura. Totalmente recomendable. Nadias place was perfect ! Comfortable location , clean apartment , close to so many nice restaurants , great place for couple :) would stay here again studio bien placé dans un quartier calme avec libre service et restaurants à proximité. En revanche, une seule fenêtre donnant sur les poubelles et problème de chaleur en rapport avec la chaudière placée dans la cuisine. Nécessité de faire fonctionner la climatisation même la nuit... We loved our stay! Apartment was clean and well located. It was sometimes hard to get in touch with Nadia, but when she did reply she was extremely kind in letting us check-in earlier and check-out later. Recommended!  Shower drain wasnt working correctly and electrical outlets are scarce (none near where you sleep, for example), but Im sure Nadia will fix those things soon. El sótano no es apto para niños, por más de que diga que si.  Asegúrense de preguntarle antes a la anfitriona de que todo ande bien, ya que a mi no me Funcionaba bien la caldera, la tostadora y la heladera, así que se imaginan como me fue. La ubicación es buena, pero este sótano es muy caro para lo que realmente es. Ruidos todo el día, la escalera esta sobre la cama. Pidan colchones más cómodos y asegúrense de que la limpieza esté impecable. En mi caso fue de terror. Tengo fotos y se las envié a la anfitriona.  Nadia en un comienzo fue muy amable conmigo, pero luego cuando vio que habían muchos inconvenientes y cosas sin funcionar, dejo de contestar. No se por que lo hizo, me pareció muy correcta ella, pero no el lugar. Lamentablemente yo no lo recomiendo y no volvería, ni con niños, ni sola. Nadia’s place was just as it appears in the pictures. Good size studio for Manhattan. Good neighborhood and several nearby restaurants. Subway close and walkable location. Muy buena experiencia, recomendable! El apartamentos es tal y como viene en las fotos. Está ,muy bien situado del centro y la comunicación con Nadia fue perfecta. Nadias place is in a great location with many nearby restaurants and local attractions.  She was always prompt in responding to my questions and the apartment was clean and as advertised.  We enjoyed our visit! Muy recomendado. Todo se encontraba tal cual lo detallado en la descripción. Excelente ubicación. Better than described and pictured. Easy check in. La peor experiencia de mi vida!! no se lo deseo a nadie. Intenté ponerme en contacto el día antes y no me constestó a ninguno de los mensajes. Una vez aterrizados en Nueva York traté de localizarla por medio de mensajes y llamadas telefónicas y no hubo respuesta, dejándonos en pleno puente de diciembre sin alojamiento. Tuvimos que pagar un hotel por 900$ más que el apartamento, puesto que en esas fechas estaba todo ocupado. Una auténtica irresponsable.  The worst experience of my life! I wouldn’t wish it to anyone. I tried to get in touch with Nadia the day before and she didn’t reply to any of the messages. Once landed in New York I tried to locate her by lots of messages and phone calls, there was no response, leaving us in December (peak season) without accommodation. We had to pay a hotel for 900$ more than the apartament price. Because  at that time all the  hotel were sold out. An authentic irresponsible. Speak to her before you go. We still haven’t heard! This apartment was located in a wonderful location. It was walking distance to all amenities and to the CBD of N.Y. It was very close to transport which allowed travel to near by attractions and burroughs....  the apartment itself suited our needs however could do with a bit of an upgrade, more so the kitchen than anything else. If i had to give one negative it would be the constant noise from the upstairs apartments which seemed to occur late at night until the early hours of the morning. Apart from that i would definitely stay here again. Our host Nadia was very responsive to our needs and any issues and gave clear and conscise instructions with regards check-in and check-out processes. She was a pleasure to deal with. Staying at Nadias place was great!! Top location, clean place, everything was TOP!! Thank you, Nadia!! Excelente estadía! Excelente ubicación. Sin dudas volvería a elegirla. Nadias studio is the perfect spot for a single or a small group of travelers. The bed was spacious and the pullout couch was much more comfortable than most. Nadia provides the bedding, bathroom towels, some kitchen items, and small bathroom toiletries. My two friends and I stayed here for a weekend in the city. We found it really easy to check-in and get the pullout couch set up. There was plenty of space for us. The only minor thing was the building being an older construction, so the walls are thin. The residents above the studio are very loud so I highly recommend some ear plugs if youre a light sleeper. Other than the neighbors footsteps above, the area seems relatively quiet for the city. All major city activities were no more than a 15 minute drive or you can walk to the subway nearby. Great spot and if this is available again for the next city visit, Ill be sure to book with Nadia! Nadia Is an excellent host, she goes out of her way to make sure you are comfortable. We arrived to the apartment 5 hours before checking and she allowed us in to rest after a 12 hour flight. Internet connection went out and she addressed the problem promptly. The apartment is comfortable and will fit at least 4 people. There is microwave, dishes, silverware, even a Crock-Pot to steam rice AWESOME... Overall, great option!!! Muy buena ubicacion departamento comodo barrio tranquilo a dos cuadras de la boca del subte  muy recomendable Nadia’s place was an easy place to call home for a 5 day trip. I appreciated the accommodation of my early check-in time, and the simplicity of the check-out procedure. There was plenty of space to work and sleep, and I felt more than comfortable spending my days off in the immediate area. Thanks again, Nadia!"	0
643	Great area and very easy to get around town. Didnt spend much time at the apartment but William was really friendly and accommodating. The apartment itself was spacious with a lot of great light. We really liked Williams place and we would be happy to stay again. The apartment is beautiful and nicely located. William was great giving us absolute independence and privacy. The only thing that could be improved is communication. The host canceled this reservation 50 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Nada mas llegar william nos hizo esperar 1:30 en la puerta de casa hasta que su pareja trajo la llave, perdiendo así una excursion que teniamos contratada desde casa. El piso esta muy muy sucio, la cama sin hacer, ropa tirada encima de la cama, tuvimos que decirle que nos cambiara las sabanas, el fregadero lleno de utensilios, el lavabo sucio. A william solo lo vimos a las 8 a.m a la hora de irnos. Encima airb&b nos cobra 35€ por la limpieza que no se ha realizado. We spent a week at this place and it was very comfortable and spacious. Will was easy to communicate with and we had a lot of privacy. The place was clean and the bedroom quiet, facing the back. Comfortable bed! It is a short walk to the subway (about 8 minutes) and just 1 minute to a bus stop that can take you downtown as well. It takes about 30 minutes total to get to downtown, but you get a really good value. You have to accept the fact that this is not an upscale area per se, but people dont bother you and it is not far to more hip places closer to Columbia University or the northern part of Central Park. Over all, we had a great experience and appreciated our hosts non-intrusive ways. They were helpful if we needed anything. Wi Fi worked very well, too.  The apartment of William and his girlfriend is located in a quiet street. The room goes to the backyard and its most of the time very quiet at night. The metro station is about 5 minutes to walk and it takes about 10 minutes to the Heart of Manhattan. William and Isabell were helpfull and nice. Only big minus was the bathroom: it wasnt really clean. Will treated us as if we had lived a lifetime together. Excellent place, would go back again. Great. Clean. William and Isabel are very nice and engaging. 24/7 check-in. Id definitely stay there again.  Awesome and clean apartment. Highly recommended Will and Isabel were wonderful hosts! :) The communication was great, they always responded quickly and with very detailed responses. The place was very comfortable, and the location was close to transit. NYC is expensive to begin with, so you cant really expect much cheaper and the bed was comfortable with clean towels provided. They also let us leave our bags and check out at a later time so that we wouldnt have to rush through brunch. We stayed at another airbnb after this one in Harlem and lets just say, we missed having such good hosts who were superb with quick communication and transparency. Thanks again Will and Isabel! Wills spot is right in the middle of Harlem, close to everything. Plus, hes a friendly and thoughtful host! Would totally recommend. They are super nice hosts and the location is very convinient. Definitely recommend it. El piso es muy cómodo y está ubicado en un barrio tranquilo con cercanía al subterráneo para ir a downtown. Muy buen trato por parte del anfitrión. El aspecto a mejorar: recibir a los huéspedes con sábanas limpias.  Una opción muy recomendable y económica para disfrutar NYC. Not too far from Harlem 125th train station, convenient location. First of all, the neighborhood is pretty well placed near the central park and public transport. But no need to linger after 10 pm.  Regarding the room, this corresponds roughly to the description, the mattress is very comfortable. However the bed linen without stains would have been more appreciable. I find it great to leave shoes at the entrance, but the interior should be flawless (especially in the bathroom, or walk barefoot is quite unpleasant). Overall, the stay is passable. Very nice place! Located nicely in hip Harlem close to metro and what else youll need. Will is very nice and helpful!  I will definitely recommend staying here :) Everything was great and clean! This is a really nice apartment. The neighborhood is safe and quiet. The location is quite convenient, only minutes’ walking from the airport bus stop at the 125th street. It is also close to the subway station. If one prefers walking, it’s only 15 minutes’ walking to Columbia University. The apartment is well decorated and fully equipped. The inside is very clean, and the furniture is modern and stylish. There are several nice restaurants nearby. Will is a great host. He responded to all of my questions swiftly, and provided helpful tips about the neighborhood. I would highly recommend this place.	1
644	Luz was extremely welcoming and kind even though i arrived nearly 3 hours later than planned due to traffic. Her home is spacious and tidy and overall I enjoyed my stay. I would not however recommend this particular shared apartment for other native New Yorkers or low matinence travelers looking just to have a place to sleep and come and go as they see fit. There are many house rules/regulations and at times it is very possible to feel micromanaged. Like when asked as a precaution to stay in your room and speak quietly at different times of the day despite no prior evidence of roaming around or shouting. I found this to hinder my experience and often felt less like I was paying for a service and more like someone was doing me a favor. I feel that others who are looking for more interaction and dont mind being told how to conduct themselves constantly could enjoy what this beautiful apartment has to offer. The host canceled this reservation 18 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Luz is friendly and helpful, and staying at her place was very comfortable. Great value accommodation in a convenient location of Brooklyn. Loved that the park was so near. Unfortunately we didnt meet Luz. This apt is in an old building very close to the metro station. The flat was cozy and tidy. The living room was pretty comfortable and there were a plenty of beautiful plants. Nearby there are  several supermarkets. Even we did not use the kitchen we re happy to cool our bottled water in the fridge.  Some spots in the bathroom was not very clean. You wont need to bring a hairdryer because there is one.  AC is also provided in our room - which was great for the warm summer nights.  We need to mention that we spotted two cockroaches in our private room. That forces us to keep our luggage close as we do not want to take them home. The air matress which should be for our 4th person has been out of air all the time so 3 of us shared the full sized bed. That made it a little bit uncomfortable for us . Luckily two of us are tiny&skinny.  After all we were happy staying at luz place for a reasonable price. I would recommend this airbnb to anyone who does not care about sleeping late & traveling on low budget. This has been the most unforgettable airbnb so far. Thank you Luz.  The host canceled this reservation 9 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	0
645	"Building and location was great. We had a wonderful time exploring the area. Katherina is helpful and very sweet. The apartment is located perfectly in a quiet apartment building right by a subway stop and has everything you need for kitchen appliances etc. for a shorter stay. We were three people staying there and were quite comfortable. There is one real bed that will fit two people. The sofa, however, will only really fit a person that is not too sensitive to back issues etc. as it is just a regular sofa and not designed for sleeping specifically. Beware that it is a smoker apartment, so if you are uncomfortable with smoke, the smell might bother you. Besides for these small issues, everything was great, and again, the location is just perfect.  Great location, right dab in the middle of the east village/les. Very comfortable accommodations would definitely stay again! The studio is nice, clean and a very nice kitchen- the bed and linens soft, and the back window facing inner courtyards- great way to get fresh air, The host was accommodating with my travel schedule.  Stairs to the studio steep, but manageable with small suitcases. Internet was a great plus.  Great location, less than 5 minutes to the subway and a pleasant walk up to Midtown if you fancy it. A lovely part of the city with plenty of nice bars and restaurants nearby. Apartment is the same as in the photos, clean and ideal for two people. Would recommend.  Lappartamento è esattamente per come nelle foto, iperaccessoriato (forno tradizionale, micro-onde, frigocongelatore, tv schermo piatto, wi-fi) e soprattutto è pulitissimo; Ekaterina è stata fantasitica e disponibilissima per tutto il periodo della nostra permanenza (compreso quando ha immediatamente fatto risolvere da un tecnico un piccolo problema idraulico). La flessibilita nel check out è stata altrettanto apprezzabile; la posizione in Alphabet city (East Village, ricchissimo di piccoli locali dove si mangia e soprattutto si beve molto bene) lo rende molto comodo per la subway L (1Av at 14th) ma anche comoda per la direttice della 1Av con Taxi sempre disponibili Le négatif dabord:   - Rendez vous à une heure et un lieu convenus avant le départ qui ont changé une fois arrivés. Heureusement quil y a du wifi partout sinon nous ne laurions jamais su.  - Adresse erronée: Ne varie que de 3 numéros mais gênant quand on la donne à des tiers ou à la douane à larrivée.  - Clé de lappartement de mauvaise qualité. Sest tordue dès le premier jour tellement elle était molle et a nécessité den refaire une.  - Baignoire sur la photo mais inutilisable pour prendre un bain car rien pour la boucher et donc la remplir  - Pas de chauffage dans lappartement. Heureusement, il ne gelait pas mais limite pour la saison  - Ménage facturé très cher pour une prestation non en rapport avec le prix. (ne pas regarder sous le lit, derrière le canapé ou sur la fenêtre où se trouvent une bonne quinzaine de mégots de cigarette)  - Appartement normalement non fumeur mais odeur de cigarette et briquet dans le canapé...  - Voisin du dessus tout sauf discret quand il se déplace.    Le positif:  - Quartier très agréable et bien placé. Tous les commerces et services à proximité de même que les transports en commun  - Appartement très agréable aussi et très calme (sauf le voisin du dessus mais indépendant de lappartement en lui même ou de sa propriétaire). Conforme aux photos. Literie de qualité, nous avons vraiment très très bien dormi.   Great location. My girlfriend and I stayed for the weekend and found the accommodations very adequate. Cable TV and WiFi where nice, although we werent in the apartment much to enjoy them. The host was nice and replied to requests quickly. Neighborhood was quiet, non-touristy. Would stay there again.  The apartment was conveniently located in Alphabet City, in the Lower East Side. Great for people from out of town, as there are lots of great bars/restaurants/venues to play in. The apartment itself has some nice features - the exposed brick, wood floors, full kitchen. The pictures are very representative of the apartment, right down to the bed linens. My only constructive feedback would be that the place needs a bit of a polish/detail job in the cleaning department, but otherwise, is a great value, great location, and great Airbnb to rent! Definitely recommended. Thanks Katy for your  last minute availability and hospitality!  Great weekend - clean and accommodations were perfect.  I stayed here on a solo trip in mid January 2015. The host was very accommodating in meeting and showing me into the apartment. The apartment was neat and tidy and just as depicted in the photographs. The location in the East Village was wonderful - close to great shops and bars. I would definitely stay here again, and would recommend it to others. I never met the host. We picked up the keys from across the street which was easy. The neighborhood is good, nice bars and restaurants nearby. The apartment is small and NOT stylish. I doubt that the host actually lives there, it feels more like a rental for the purpose to airbnb it out. The first 2 days the heat did not work. There were dirty wine glasses in the cupboard. Water damage marks at the bathroom ceiling, paint peeling off at one bathroom wall. The apartment is in need of a renovation and at the current state not worth the money the host is asking for.  The apartment was cozy, I would not call it roomy. The heat was minimum at best and there could have been some hand towels and wash cloths provided. The building was run down although that is not the tenants issue. The neighborhood was fine and we enjoyed that.  The owner also did not make it stress less to receive the apt. keys. In fact if we would have been 15 minutes later the Pizza Shop she left them at would have been closed. We never did meet the owner!  The hair dryer did not work which disappointed my wife. All in all I would not chose to return to this apartment. We loved this apartment. Great location and provides everything you need as a young couple.  The reservation was canceled the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Je nai pas eu lopportunité de rencontrer Ekaterina, les clés de lappartement nous attendaient dans un Deli Shop à proximité (aucune difficulté).  Le logement est exactement comme présenté sur lannonce et les photos. Le quartier est très sympa et plutôt calme, accès à plusieurs distributeurs automatiques de billets, restaurants, bars, et proximité du métro L amenant à Union Square ou Brooklyn. Un excellent appartement! Great location, everything you need within 50 steps of the front door. The apartment has everything you could possibly need and the host was great. We met at check-in and she showed me how to unlock the doors, (kind of tricky) but once you get it no problems. Hope to stay again The reservation was canceled 10 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The reservation was canceled 10 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 14 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 22 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 16 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. This stay was a mixed experience for us. The location is awesome if your interested in partying in NYC. Its right by all of the action on St Marks place and the east village. There were some things however that we really didnt like at all. First of all it smells unbearably like smoke from the moment you walk in and there was an ash tray with about 40 cigarette butts right outside the window. This was disgusting and made it hard to sleep. My boyfriends throat was also burning the whole time. The AC doesnt work well at all so we were really sweltering hot the whole time. It also isnt as clean as most Airbnbs Ive stayed in. The check in was not smooth either. We waited for 45 minutes past the time she arranged to meet up with us and was MIA for any calls or texts or Airbnb messages we sent asking what was going on. Not even a text to say shes running late. It also seems like nobody has ever lived here ever and it is just constantly turned over like a hotel. If you want this kind of experience thats no problem. I tend to use Airbnb hoping for a homey stay. It is a nice size and is equipped with the various basic things youd need during your stay. Regardless this place was not for us and we wont book here again.  Very nice apartment. Interesting neighborhood with a variety of restaurants and bars. Convenient to East Village and Alphabet City. We will definitely stay here again! El anfitrion llegóa a la hora establecida para la entrega de llaves pero no tuvimos ningún problema y no la volvimos a ver.  El apartamento está muy bien ubicado y es amplio, está muy bien. It was wonderful staying here - my favorite nyc neighborhood! The host made picking up the key very easy. Highly recommend! Très bon séjour. Les clés nous attendaient chez un deli shop près de lappartement.  Celui-ci est  convivial et bien placé dans le quartier dEast Village. The neighborhood was fine and it was very close to where we wanted to be.  However it was very difficult to reach the host by text or phone.  The unit was not clean: the bath tub caulking and tub decals on bottom of tub had mold growing all over them, the bathroom floor was filthy, there was no soap in the bathroom, the ceiling in the bathroom has a huge crack and is starting to come down over the sink from moisture, the walls and light switches were dirty, as was the kitchen sink, counters and stove.  We didnt want to cook in it.  There was no coffee pot, also no hand towels or washcloths for bath and no kitchen towels.  It doesnt seem fair that we had to pay a ""cleaning fee"" since the unit was filthy when we arrived.  The host canceled this reservation 9 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Екатерина was a terrific hostess: her instructions were clear and concise and took any of the guesswork out of staying in her flat, in a busy stretch of the East Village / Alphabet City. She was extra helpful and her flat was cozy. Definitely enjoyed my stay! The apartment was a great location from which to get around Manhattan.  We were late arriving, but the key handover still worked OK , and generally the arrangements were fine. Unfortunately we never met our host. The bathroom has seen better days, but was clean and functional, and we had no problems working out the rest of the facilities. Thanks for giving us the base for a most enjoyable visit. Clean and nice apartment! Great location in East Village. If you are trying to find a place to stay in this area, this is one of the best choices! The host canceled this reservation 6 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 9 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 9 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 10 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 15 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The unit was clean, convenient, and appropriate for this NYC visit. Nice proximity to restaurants, coffee shops, pubs, and public transit. Recommend! The Neighborhood was amazing and walking distance from my gig at Elvis Guesthouse that night. The apartment is really cozy. If its available, I would book this place every time I visit. Our experience at the apartment was a good one. The place is well located and at a great value for what it offers as far as location and amenities. Def recommend the apartment to anyone looking to spend some time in nyc Katherine was extremely accommodating considering that I arrived a bit later to get the keys than I expected to. The place was in an amazing location, very center to a down-to-New York area, different than the usual Times Square scene. Its also very close to a train and very easy to get to the surrounding areas--St. Marks, Soho, West Village. The place was very clean and stylish. I definitely recommend this place and would definitely love to come back! Ekaterina is a nice host and she did everything necessary to make our stay comfortable."	0
646	"Very nice apartment for family or group of friends with a lot of beds and spaces. Great location at the center of NY, close to wall street, 911 memorial, baterry park and everything. Subway is also very  close to access. Host Eliza is very friendly and easy to communicate. Totally worth the price. Highly recommended. Although the host was responsive by text messages, we were left to deal with a ""friend"" who was there on time for us but was unable to provide any help with the issues to do with the apartment. Neighborhood was good.  Terrific location and reasonably accommodating. Sans a few broken chairs, a clogged shower drain, along with black cracks in the fiberglass shower enclosure that possibly has mold growing beneath from water intrusion, this is a wonderful value to have in a great location of the city. 24hr deli around the corner was a blessing, as well as the 10th floor terrace patio that shares views of Freedom Tower and Brooklyn Bridge.  I loved the place, the way it was set up was super cute. There was enough room for my friends and me also. The apartment was close to a lot of sightseeing areas, the little stores down the stairs to the right were very convenient. As a host, Eliza was responsive and as helpful as she could be remotely however the property definitely needs work. We checked into this place at the last minute due to being let down by the Air BnB host wed booked with nearly 7 months in advance of our trip. Eliza responded quickly, was flexible with our check-in and sent someone to check us in at short notice. She then responded to all of my emails when I raised concerns quickly and even allowed us to keep our luggage their late on the day we checked out. There are, however, definitely issues with the property requiring addressing; we had serious mold problems in the bathroom and the property does not appear to be maintained to the standard depicted in the photographs e.g. broken chairs, TVs taken down and stored in closet, bathroom in disrepair, hole in the wall, dirty floors. Although described as 3 bedrooms, the third room is a mezzanine type space which allows only enough room for the bed and is a no-go for anybody over 61. Convenience wise, the property is useful for FiDi, Wall St, WTC but not the most handy for other parts of Manhattan. There a good number of places to eat and drink within a short distance but being the financial district, its quiet at night and on weekends. Being considerably cheaper than the rest of the properties we considered, it does represent respectable value for money but its cheaper for a reason.  We enjoyed our stay, but we were all kind of shocked that the main bedroom was missing the bedroom door. Also, there was a large hole in the wall that one of their past guests had done which had not been fixed. There was no lighting in the kitchen except for a side lamp. The beds were comfortable though. We all slept good during our stay.  Our stay was very nice. Eliza was responsive and professional.  Her friend assisted us while there.  She was prompt and helpful when checking in and answering questions.  The place served us well. It was comfortable and served our needs. The beds were comfortable.  However, it is really a studio loft made into 2 bedrooms and a loft.    That may be a New York custom to transform apartments due to space and costs?  Overall a nice stay. Overall not bad. Simple little things could have been better.  (Floor mats, how to work heater, paper towels, paper tissue in restroom)    Great location to get around town.   appartement a recommander..contacts reguliers avec ELiza..prise en main du logement et sortie a l heure et facile pour s organiser. Bien place et proche transport en commun. espace ideal pour 5 personnes meme si l accueil peut etre de 6 a 8 pour dormir (mais un toilette commun a une salle de bain). a recommander oui. Great location! Good sleeping for larger groups. Neighborhood is quiet at night but still close to everything.  Great place for working Downtown. Suited our business needs perfectly. Poca privacidad , el ascensor no anda siempre tener en cuenta que hay que subir a veces las escaleras, el baño muy grande muy bien y la cocina muy bien también Cleanliness was good, and great location. Close to public transport so easy to get around. Bedrooms are not enclosed (ceiling is all open like one large loft). We had a good stay.  We had a great experience. There were a couple small issues that came up but the host worked with us quickly to resolve our problems and was extremely gracious and generous in solving those concerns. The apartment was great, very walkable and close to subway stations. We could quickly get any where we wanted in the city and close to some great restaurants. Would definitely recommend  Thanks Eliza for hosting our guests! Their ability to stay at your place was integral to the success of our exhibition launch! 必须在订之前与房东取得联系,成功预订后立即与房东联系,否则可能会给你的行程带来巨大的影响。 No one was available at agreed check in  point and time. Not even on telephone or mail! It was a horror after 20 hour traveling time with my family on the street!! Very spacious outside space, cute lights and the view at night is great. The location is also a highpoint!"	0
647	I did not get a chance to meet his wife, but Bart was a great host. He was extremely courteous and made sure that my daughter and I got settled in. Communication was great, especially considering he had to practically guide me to his place (Im horrible with directions). The apartment is close to everything and the neighborhood is very safe. I often came home alone after midnight. The train is a short walk away and there are bus stops at the end of the block. There are plenty of restaurants and a grocery store nearby. The views from the bedroom are amazing. The room itself was perfect. I highly recommend Barts place.  The host canceled this reservation 12 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. I stayed with my sister at Bart and Sophias place The place is perfectly located (only few minutes walk from Prospect Park), clean, tidy and homey. Bart and Sophia were very nice and welcoming. They made our stay perfect. They are also two very interesting people to hangout with, my sister in particular really enjoyed conversing with them.  Would definitely come back!  Bart is truly a great host as previous guests have said in their reviews. The place was clean and comfortable, and Bart was courteous and very kind! We stayed here to have an easier commute to the Brooklyn Half Marathon, and as it turns out we were only within 5-7 minutes walking distance to the starting area! Highly recommended!  A great airbnb in one of the best areas on brooklyn! Great for a short stay with amazing food and shops around. It was awesome to have Sophia and Bart around and they gave us great suggestions. Its a small apartment but its airy and comfortable.  Perfect experience. They are a lovely couple and the space was more than comfortable and clean. I highly recommend. It was a wonderful stay that I would recommend to anyone who wants to visit NYC. Bart and Sophia were very welcoming and sophisticated. They have great taste in decoration and make sure to keep their apartment very open and clean. The bed is very comfortable, the bathroom is very clean, and the temperature was moderate. The apartment is in a great part of Brooklyn, has  a magnificent view  and is very close to the subways. If you have the chance, definitely book this place, itll be a highlight of your trip. It was a really cute apartment. Very clean and well decorated. Bart and Sophia were very friendly and hospitable. Would definitely recommend. My 13-year old daughter en I really enjoyed our four-night-stay at this lovely furnished and nicely located Brooklyn-apartment. Bart is a great host. The subway (several lines) is just around the corner. Every evening this place / part of Brooklyn felt like coming home after hectic Manhattan. Bart is a really nice host. Our stay in his house was a pleasure. Staying at Bart and Sophias felt like I was in the home of a good friend. They are excellent hosts and made us feel very welcome, while still giving us space to unwind and relax in their lovely apartment. We had to check in a bit early and they were accommodating and quick to respond. The apartment was in a great location, very easy to walk to lots of interesting places, and it was surprisingly quiet at night for NYC. I would definitely recommend this place to friends and family! The apartment is so well located in Brooklyn! It was easy to have access to many neighborhoods with a quick walk or subway ride and the area is booming. Bart & Sophias place was also a much needed refuge to the busy city and when we where there to rest it was calm, clean and friendly. We really enjoyed meeting Bart and Sophia and truly did feel we were meeting new friends. Staying at Bart and Sophias place was a great experience! they helped me to feel like home with every suggestion and tip. They were so open to answer every question and to help me with any need I had during my stay. In case youre looking for a place to feel like home and safe with really kind people, Id definitely recommend this place! great hosts, great place, great location	1
648	Kat’s place was super cozy and filled with natural sunlight. The hardwood floors and brick walls are a beautiful addition. The location was perfect and it was easy to get into Manhattan from there. I enjoyed staying in this apartment and would highly recommend it to others.  We enjoyed our stay at Kats apartment very much and highly recommend it.    The description and photographs are very accurate: sun-lit, cozy, fully equipped, ... Ideal for longer stays as well. Its very quiet with the living room facing the street, and the bedroom the surrounding gardens.      Also, communication with Kat was smooth, quick and super friendly! I had a great time staying in Kats Brookyln apartment! Its located in a nice neighborhood right next to fort Greene park with quick access to 2 different subway stations. The interior of the apartment was very clean and spacious just as described. Nothing major came up but Kat was great about responding to my questions promptly. Kats place is an excellent choice if youre looking to stay in Brookyln! I really enjoyed my stay and would recommend it to anyone  Kat and Julian were great hosts. The move in and out was very easy. The apartment itself is amazing as is the location. Great spot for getting into the city and also well located for local amenities. Neighbours really friendly and welcoming also. First and foremost this apartment is gorgeous. It is sun-drenched through the big windows and skylights and incredibly cozy with the brick walls and lovely wooden floors. All the amenities are there, the shower (water pressure and heat) were great, it wasnt lacking in anything. What you never know renting a new apartment is how quiet it actually is. But I must say, I slept like a log - it was so PEACEFUL. The park is really so close, not even a five minute walk - so, perfect for jogging. Its also amazing how brilliantly connected it is with all the subway lines getting you to every other area in Brooklyn but also to the city within 25 minutes. The neighbouring family downstairs were absolutely lovely and I felt really welcome in the house.  Unfortunately there was a bit of a hickup concerning my arrival - Kat couldnt be there personally but I had sent all necessary information about my flights arrival time - yet there seemed to have been some mix-up.  I had to wait half an hour till someone came to open up the house for me although I did phone the designated number from the airport to make sure someone was there. Also the apartment keys werent in the arranged place.  The lady who oppened up for me didnt seem to be well informed at all, like the location of the keys and how they worked. In total it took me about an hour to get into the apartment. It didnt diminish my stay one bit though - in the beginning I was just exhausted at the end of a day-long journey from Europe and worried if Id get into the apartment at all. Kat was really apologetic and sent a friend round within the hour to see if I was ok. This friend seemed to be really well informed - a shame she wasnt there in the first place!  All in all I cant think of a better place to stay. Thank you so much, dear Kat!  Im just back from an amazing trip staying at Kats place. Its fantastic! Great location, has everything you need, very comfortable and Kat was so helpful. It was my first vacation with my baby daughter and nothing was too much trouble. Shes a great host and well stay again when we visit New York.  Thanks again Kat! Dejlig lys og hyggelig lejlighed. God beliggenhed i hyggeligt kvarter, tæt på flere subway-stationer og gode forbindelsesmuligheder til Manhattan. Skønt vi aldrig mødte Kat, da hun var udrejst, mødte vi, via sms-korrespondancen, stor imødekommenhed. Stedet kan varmt anbefales. Kay was very helpful and accommodating to our guests! They really loved the space and all of the amenities that were provided! Wonderful space, close to Fort Greene park, restaurants, coffee shops and fun places to explore.  Quiet, tree-lined street 1/2 block from Fulton and Layfette with DeKalb  just a few steps from the apartment. Very close to the subway so  trips to Manhattan are straight forward.  Kat was super great in her communication, helpful and a pleasure to work with.  A treat to stay there and made my stay perfect.  Thanks! Kats place is clean and nice, and the location cant be beat. Hot in New Yorks hottest August days, making it difficult to make use of the common space. Besides that, a comfortable place to stay for the week.  The apartment is really nice and modern, and placed in a great neighborhood. There are restaurants and shopping very close by (within a block or two) and youre blocks away from downtown Brooklyn. The neighborhood is also very safe and I didnt feel uncomfortable walking around the area.     As for the apartment itself, everything listed is accurate. Its a very nice with wood floors, exposed walls, and skylights. Its a very cozy place and has everything you need. The building is also very quiet and peaceful. Not much noise from the streets and hardly any noise from other residents.    As a host, Kat was very accommodating. Kat wasnt there personally when I checked-in, however she made sure someone was there to let me in. My communication before and during was quick and friendly.     Overall, great experience. I would recommend this place in a heartbeat. An excellent apartment in a great area of Brooklyn. When you first arrive, it feels like its in quite a busy part but either walk towards Fort Greene park or walk along Lafayette to find a nice quiet area with good cafes and what seems to be the only good value and well stocked grocery store in the whole of NYC! The apartment was perfect for our stay and had everything we needed. It was quite warm on a hot day but the bedroom had aircon which combined with the excellent mattress enabled many good nights sleeps. Kat was a great host and was very thorough in making sure everything went smoothly. Fully recommended. The stay was excellent. The place was as advertised. A safe neighborhood close to three subway stations that made our trips into the city very easy. No problems getting checked in our out, that was super easy. Thanks again to Kat for a great ABnB. Wir fanden die Wohnung sehr gemütlich und ansprechend.  Sie war perfekt um New York zu erkunden, da es in der Nähe viele verschieden U-Bahn-Stationen gibt.  Abend kann man sich auch gleich um die Ecke z.B eine Pizza oder  Lebensmittel kaufen und Bar´s besuchen. Die Wohnung liegt in einer ruhigen Seitenstraße. We spent great days in NYC and Kats apartment. Everything was as described, clean, cosy and comfortable, equipped with everything you need. Even tea and coffee were provided which we highly appreciated. The only thing I missed was a hair dryer, as I forgot mine at home, but nothing to bother about. The neighbourhood is nice and calm and several subway stations are in walking distance. Communication with Kat was always uncomplicated and very responsive. Highly recommended. Thanks again for letting us stay in your apartment. We had a great time in Kats apartment! The flat was clean and looked exactly as the pictures. We loved the friendly neighborhood, with its bars, restaurants and little shops. Metro lines are very close and allowed us to visit New York easily. As a young couple, we warmly recommend Kats place! Nous avins passé 10 jours dans lappartement de Kat. Il est situé dans un joli quartier de Brooklyn, très proche de plusieurs lignes de métro, proche dun joli parc. Il y a des restaurants, des bars et des épiceries très près. Cependant le quartier est très calme. Kat a répondu très rapidement à nos demandes. Elle nétait pas là personnellement à notre arrivée mais elle a envoyé quelquun qui nous attendait à notre arrivée. Tout sest déroulé parfaitement. Lappartement est fidèle a la description, très bien équipé et confortable. Vous pouvez réserver les yeux fermés, cet appartement est idéal! We loved our time in New York and enjoyed staying in Kats place. We had no issues with finding the place and check-in/out went smoothly. The apartment was exactly as advertised and was in a perfect location close to subway stations, shopping, restaurants, and cafes.  This was my second stay at Kats apartment.  I love the location.  So easy to walk the neighborhood but also travel to Manhattan via the subway. Lots of room in the apartment, lovely bed plus it is very quiet. Feel totally comfortable there, in the neighborhood  and so appreciate her fantastic communication.  Thanks Kat. We loved staying at Kats apartment, it was clean, bright,warm and so close to services, shops and restaurants.  The bed is very comfortable which was so appreciated after the long flight from Australia and the busy days touring around NYC.  Everything was as described by Kat and would recommend staying at Kats place.  Our previous 2 visits to New York we stayed in Manhattan but Brooklyn, in Kats apartment, really added to our time in New York.  Thanks Kat,  kind regards  Rod and Julie  Melbourne, Australia Amazing space close to Ft. Greene and all subway stations. Comfortable, stylish all the amenities. Super friendly host and neighborhood Kat was great with communication and the place was ideal. Thank you!! Great apartment in one of the best neighbourhoods in Brooklyn. kats apartment for me is perfect.  great location close to subways, restaurants, supermarkets, shopping malls, park. its only a couple of stops away from manhattan and williamsburg in brooklyn. i feel safe in the area.   kitchen is so well equipped with cookware, seasoning that makes you love cooking there and enjoy the homey and stylish living space.   i wish myself have an apartment exactly like this. ill stay there again when i come back new york.   the only thing is if you carry too heavy lugguage you need to carry it up 2 floors because there is no elevators.  Super appartement bien situé, à quelques minutes du métro.Lappartement est conforme aux photos, bien équipé. Nous avons passé un agréable séjour. Nous recommandons ce logement.  Nous avons passé une très bonne semaine dans lappartement de Kat. Lappartement est lumineux, très bien adapté pour un couple avec le salon/salle à manger séparé de la chambre. Belle cuisine toute équipée. Appartement à moins de 5 minutes de différentes stations de métro dont DeKalb Avenue permettant daccéder à tout NY rapidement. Encore merci, Kat ! Kats place was clean, spacious (for two) and perfectly located near public transport. Kat was a pleasure to deal with and everything went smoothly! Wir hatten einen perfekten Aufenthalt! Die Wohnung hat alles, was man braucht und die Lage ist für die Erkundung von Brooklyn perfekt, man ist aber auch schnell in Manhattan. Alles hat problemlos geklappt, das Bett war sehr bequem und die Helligkeit der Wohnung ist super schön. Die Kommunikation mit Kat war ebenfalls problemlos! Man sollte vielleicht noch wissen, dass man Apple-TV braucht, falls man auf TV wert legt. Nous avons passé un excellent séjour chez Kat, cest quelquun qui nous a très bien accueilli, son appartement est très bien situé, proche des transports et de toutes commodités, je nhésiterai pas à y revenir.  Très joli appartement propre et spacieux dans Brooklyn idéalement situé, avec toutes les commodités à portée (métro, restaurants, shopping, épicerie etc....)  Nous conseillons cet endroit pour votre séjour à New York. Merci à Kate & Evelyn pour leur gentillesse et leur disponibilité.   Kat was very easy to communicate with and the place was great! Id definitely book this spot again on a return trip to Brooklyn! Close to subway-stations. Easy to get around. Kats apartment was a great place for us in NY.  Kat is a great host! We loved the apartment - very comfortable, well equipped and in a great location. I was especially pleased that there was an ironing board and iron and enough closet space. Busses, subways, grocery stores, restaurants and pharmacies all within walking distance (10-15 minutes). Since my husband loves to cook we really liked the kitchen. It was equipped with all that we needed, even spices and extras that helped complete our meals. There is a great specialty market about 3 blocks away called Mr. Mango. They have wonderful produce and groceries at reasonable prices. They even have healthy fruit and vegetable drinks that are delicious. Kat is responsive to any questions and flexible with requests. Overall, we were very comfortable and enjoyed our stay immensely.  Un appartement bien aménagé, avec quelques manques, une insonorisation insuffisante. Très bien situé, proche des commerces, restaurants et transports en commun. Cute apartment on a fairly quiet street. Great location with easy access to subways, groceries, eateries and some shopping. A/C and fans kept the apt cool in the August heat. Overall great experience staying in Brooklyn our first time! Really loved staying here. Comfortable bed, 2 types of pillow options, spacious and quiet. The place was close to a lot of public transport options, good food and drinks nearby. Would highly recommend. Appartement très bien placé à proximité de plusieurs lignes de métro. Lappartement est fidèle aux photos. Le quartier est très calme. Kat est une hôte parfaite. Kats apartment is very nice and everything looks like pictured here (airbnb). Whenever there was a question Kat answered immediately, she is great. We enjoyed our stay in Brooklyn, the apartment is close to several subway stations that bring you to Manhattan in about 15 minutes. Besides there are some nice places in the neighbourhood like Fort Greene Park, Fulton Mall or the DeKalb Market Hall. We can definitely recommend the apartment and would come back every time. Very nice and spacious place with natural sunlight. Conviniently located, close to bars, groceries and restaurants. Close to many subway stations; its an easy hop to manhattan. Kat was not there but she was always available via email and very responsive to our requests. Lovely apartment in a great location with ample transport links to get you into Manhattan in 20mins or so.  Kat was a fantastic host with quick responses to my questions and was able to accommodate my early arrival and later departure times.  Plenty of local amenities for dining out, having a drink or picking up groceries. Kats place is great!   Second time we have been there! Kat has a lovely place and is a great host. We were performing a show at BAM so the location was perfect for us. Would definitely stay here again! All you need in an apartment. Safe, quiet location with various transport links close by, supermarket within walking distance but most importantly, an awesome bagel place only 5mins away. We would definitely come back. Thanks Kat for a fantastic stay!!	1
649	I loved Maias place mainly because the comforting atmosphere her and Diego (her husband) provide! Theyre very easy to talk to and get along with, and have possibly the cutest dog ever. Theyre very accommodating and will make sure you have everything you need! Would definitely stay again! Located close to the Utica A train. Not the quietest place but the room was as described. Its worth it for the price.  Near to Utica Av of A/C train. 5 mims walking only. There is an elevator at this station. Its convenient for big luggages and shopaholic. The apartment is close to railway, so that a bit noisy. The host and her sister are very friendly and kind. Conveniently located, quick access to transit,  Host was friendly and polite.  I would recommend this place. Check in was easy . Check the room for bugs . Mosquitoes, bedbugs, and fleas. 7 mins from the AC train walking . Maia was stranded in Florida at the time of our check-in but had a family member help us with check-in. The stay was very easy-going and she and her family members were friendly. Nice room for this price. House is clean and looks good. Communication with host was very nice. Thank you for everything. My recommendation. Everything was great. It was a clean badroom, was comfortable and cosy.  The accommodation is near the subway. The parking is free on the street. I would recommend this place. Good spot for a traveler. Room and bathroom super clean. Close to metro and bus station. Nice family and friendly dog. There were mosquitoes because the weather was warm. I had a problem when I arrived at the airport and I didnt do the check in at Maias place on time but she was very understanding. Good value for the area. Had a few issues with the mosquitoes getting in through the window but overall, the building felt safe and Maia was sweet. Great place to stay Maia and her husband are great friendly people as well as great parents! The room was really clean and had no problems whatsoever! Def recommend staying here if you need a place for a night or longer Overall had a great stay, Maia and  her husband were very communicative throughout my stay, their puppy was friendly and quiet. The private room had plenty of space and a good size closet, bed was comfy and clean. Here you can expect kindness, a room clean and comfy. If you dont like the train, then this isnt for you because you do hear the train and every time it comes by the TV messes up. Diego and puppy will make you feel at home upon arrival, this family is lovely. We enjoyed our stay and you will too. It was a great place to stay for a couple of days! Maia and her family are kind and made me feel at home during my time in their home. Would definitely stay here again. Decent for a few nights in the city, their dog was just the cutest thing and actually made the stay that much more fun. Review	0
650	Doa and his family are the best! Felt like home all the time. Very respectful and friendly. It was the best place i’ve been so far in NY. Thanks you very much and hope to see you again! Great experience  ! The bedroom and its bathroom are very practical and functional if not fun nor homey.... The bedroom overlooks the main road that is Queens Blvd and the traffic is (Website hidden by Airbnb) not a problem if one does not open the window.. The view also includes the cemetery and its green acreages and in the far away distance one can see the financial district and the Freedom Tower and the skyline ..Quite a view actually. I was restricted to  my bedroom to eat since this 3 bedroom apt also  hosted not only Doa but his visiting parents as well..They needed their private space so I had to keep myself in the bedroom ..However his mom is a wonderful lady of my age and we had some good conversation when she would practice her English..She made my stay warmer and less depressing... I was able to get a space in the fridge, a cup for my coffee and a plate and utensils after asking for all of it.. No coffee maker, no toaster but a microvawe which I could use..I had to eat in the bedroom on a small round wabbling wooden garden table, no real table nor desk...Bare walls, stained mattress, stained bedroom curtains and a torn pillow cover complete the reality..But I have had worst in Sunnyside.. Thanks for Doas mom who seems to have a better sense of hospitality than Doa himself..He kinds of needs to be probed and asked.. The best about this lodging is the private bathroom although it was not completely cleaned upon my arrival..I felt I had to sweep the floor and clean the bathtub a little more.. Doa  provides only hand soap and a very thin towel plus a better hand towel..Bring your own everything to wash ... Besides that,  the location is superb because of the line 7 train around the corner, 2 bus lines and lots of places to pick up food..the grocery store though is several blocks away.. Decent  place , Okay.. Great room, spacious and sun drenched private room with all that one needs. PRIVATE FULL BATHROOM! Excellent host and family. Great hospitality! This apartment is in a very good location on a major road which makes your stay much easier as far as transportation, food, ... etc goes. The whole building is in a good shape and it looked like it was well secured. The apartment is on the 8th floor which is a major plus since it keeps the street noise down. Doa and his family are very hospitable, they always greet you with a smile. Doa tries his best to ensure that your stay is comfortable. The room is huge and the private bathroom is a plus. Would definitely be back again!	1
651	"We never met Lauren during our stay, but she was fairly accessible via messages. The apartment was full of other travellers, which made it difficult for it to stay clean. There was hair all over the bathroom and towels all over the floor when we got there. Later that night, there was water all over the floor in there. Needless to say, we have been more comfortable in other places. The room we were in was fairly clean (minus the socks under the bed that did not belong to us). Also, the outlets in our room did not work and when I contacted Lauren, she did go and take a look, but no solution was proposed. I dont think that we would be staying here again. It was also very noisy at night with people awake at all hours. Very nice place, good vibes. There was a cool blend of people, lots of international visitors to talk to! It was within a few miles of the places we needed to go, too. Great value overall. Pulizia in camera e in bagno assolutamente da desiderare. ..appena arrivati in camera mio figlio vede un topo passare sotto il letto se x Lauren pulire vuole dire cambiare solo le (Website hidden by Airbnb) bagno capelli ovunque ed anche in vasca....sono  entrata dentro in ciabatte. Comunicazione con Lauren scarsa ho avvisato alle 12am che ero arrivata avvisando dove lasciavo bagaglio non ho avuto un minimo di risposta....mi ha  risposto alle 1.30 am quando dormivo....svegliandomi...posto da sconsigliare Laurens house was very much organized and comfortable. We got all the information we needed to get there and she was easy to reach to make any change. We never got to meet Lauren but we met some other travellers and it was fun. Definitely will recommend this place. You get a lot of privacy, secure and its not far from downtown. Bardzo miły pobyt, przyjaźni współlokatorzy, blisko do metra, dobra cena :) Lauren pozwoliła nam zostawić walizki na czas dwudniowej wycieczki do Niagara Falls :) Polecam!     We never met the host. I emailed her asking if she was going to be around at our time of arrival, and how we were going to get the key but she never replied - still hasnt, actually. We never even met her the whole time. When we got there, the cleaning lady was there, and she was very helpful in finding where the key was. There is a code to get in, so thats quite well organised. We found our way anyway. Thats the thing about this listing, is be independent and self-sufficient. If you want looked after dont go here, but if you are self-sufficient, then its a pretty good deal. Its cheap, its basic, but quite nice and safe environment. It can get a bit crowded in the bathroom in the morning, as its a bit like a hostel. Its in Brooklyn, the exact location is a little far from the subway, but within a 15 min walk you can be on the subway, or some really REALLY cool areas of Brooklyn. Easy to reach Manhattan from there too, but the taxi ride back home might not come so cheap. What we did is always end up the night around Williamsburg (by subway), and then 10 dollar ride home. So many cool places around, such a great part of NYC. The neighbourhood can look a bit sketchy at first, but we found it to be quite safe. If youre not sure, just cab it up at night. Would I recommend this place? YES, definitely, but again, if you are self-sufficient. The flat basically seems to rent itself out. Overall our experience was enjoyable. It was more of a hostile than an Airbnb. We didnt see the host unless we had a problem. On the last day, we noticed there had been a mouse or something in our room. We didnt see it, but a box of granola bars were chewed open and snacked on by some critter. Its also not the quietest place to stay, with creaky beds and floors, but earplugs on our part fixed that problem. The absolute best part was all of the wonderful people we were able to meet that were also staying at the house! It is more of a trek to Manhattan, if thats where you wanting to be a lot of the time. But there are some cool places around the house in Brooklyn! Theres a cute little ice cream shop/cafe called Fort Grace Ice Cream on Greene Ave! Even if we didnt meet Lauren, the room was clean at our arrival. Lauren took the time to tell us everything we needed for our stay in Brooklyn.  Some say that the metro station is 15min by walking, but there are plenty of city bikes stations near the apartment, which are to my mind the best way to discover New-York !  Thank you Lauren for these 4 days in NY ! The room is an excellent value for money. Pretty good. Even though we never met up with Lauren the stay here was awesome. The bedrooms and commons area were very clean (and modern which is a big plus). If you are arriving early before check-in or departing late after checkout, feel free to leave your bags on Laurens main floor. We left all of our stuff out in the open and it was untouched, definitely felt secure!     The neighborhood has great access to public transport and as long as youre willing to explore there are some great finds (Due Fratellis Pizza, Burly Coffe, etc.).  It was great. Everything was prepared. Little bit noisy heater and bed. The room, bathroom and kitchen were clean and available. Good pricing. 15 minutes walk to subway. Safety part of Brooklyn. It was a descent place, clean room, sometimes it gets a little crowded so you have to wait for the bathroom. There is 10 rooms in the house, 3-4 on each floor, and one bathroom on each floor. Overall it was a great experience, I would diffidently stay there again. There are no words to describe the mess Lauren place is. The neighborhood doesnt feel safe, the room is not clean and the communication is not one of the Laurens skills. We decided not to stay there because of what we saw at our arrival. Its not fair to have payed the amount we payed for that place. Todo perfecto.  The townhouse was pretty but in a sketchy neighbourhood. We met some amazing people including cockroaches. Although Lauren says she lives there, no one has ever seen her! It is also very clean and welcoming! Have a nice stay! It was a nice and cozy place to stay. Everything  was the same as advertised. Um I dont quite know what to say about this place. First of all, you dont get a room with a bathroom and a kitchen, you get a tiny room big enough for a bed and futon and share the bathroom and kitchen with the other people on your floor. But thats not the weirdest part of our stay.   On our second night our neighbor said he caught someone breaking into the building on the first floor. He said it was just a kid looking for food and took him to get something to eat. On our last night I woke up to the cops in the building and heard there was another break in. Some man had gotten in and was checking the place out (to rob all the guest later maybe?)  Basically, there is no oversight here. Out of seven people I talked to no one had actually met Lauren. I saw a girl on the second floor who looked like her but she never said hello or anything. When the cops came she told them that she ""just lived there"" and that the building was her friends.     Seems super shady. I mean its cheap and you get what you pay for.  Laurens place was great!  The listing is exactly what you get a private room and shared facilities (kitchen, bathroom, etc). It is by no means fancy, but is the perfect value for someone looking to stay for less in the NYC area.  If you are a picky traveler and demand the best accommodations, or have never stayed in a hostel, this place may not be for you.  While the neighbourhood may look a little sketchy, it is fine. Bed-Sty has come a LONG way in the last 20 years. We felt safe.  The walk to the subway is a bit of a jaunt (15-20 min), especially during the snowstorm. But isnt bad for those who dont mind a good walk.  Overall, I would very much recommend this place! If you want a NYC trip for less, consider Laurens! 전체적으로 집은 깔끔하고 좋았습니다  저희가 머문방이 좁지않은 감이 있었지만 나름 만족합니다 브루클린에서 머무실꺼면 추천합니다 Nous navons pas vu Lauren de la semaine, Et apparemment nous nétions pas les seuls. ..à se demander si elle existe vraiment...un vrai mystère!! Bien dommage, nous espérions pouvoir échanger avec elle   Lappartement est coquet, bien décoré... Il y faisait bien chaud , très agréable vu le froid dehors  Par contre, la propreté de la chambre  laisse vraiment à désirer, mieux vaut ne pas regarder sous le lit!!   Le tarif est plus que correct... On en a pour notre argent     Pros: This place is near the G subway and on a great bus line. It was easy to explore the Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens from here. The place was kept very clean and was quiet. We never met Lauren which was fine as we were there to explore the city and already had a plan.  Cons: The house needs updating. The wood floor in our room was bucked, and all the beds need to be replaced as they squeak every time you move.  This is a great place to stay if you are an independent traveler looking for clean adequate spot to sleep while exploring the city. I really recommend this place. It was clean and we could interact with other hosts. I met the host only in the last day (she was cleaning) but it wouldnt change how I felt if I met her before. The neighborhood is safe and with a short walk to main trains. The host was very nice allowing us to do the check out later! 是一家三层的公寓,每层有四间房,一个公用卫生间和客厅连带厨房。从照片我没读出这个信息。以为是每层一户。另外我的房间地板也有些问题…其他整体感觉还行吧。 If you are looking for a nice place you should choose something else. Its expansive for what it is. We didnt see Digna, its not really clean, there is no enough stuff in the kitchen, the windows dont close properly, theres people coming in and out during night and day that dont even stay in the house (they sleep on the couch), theres no laundry, its not an Airbnb but a really bad hostel. Nice place. Havent have a chance to see the host. I got the code to get in and the room was ready.  Place was clean. kitchen well equipped. There was off street parking, safe area. There was even a electric heater in the room! Thank you On the other side, the mattress or spring box was extremely noisy. Every turn over sounded like there was a rage on the bed. Also had one guest that was watching movies all night in the living room area.  Overall recommended.   La descripcion del lugar es correcta. No llegamos a conocer a Digna pero tuvimos una buena estadia. El barrio tranquilo. Muy buenas las instalaciones comunes, baño y cocina-comedor.   No fue muy agradable encontrarnos en algunas ocasiones a una persona durmiendo en el sillon del espacio comun.  Logement conforme à la description, bien équipé, propre. Notre séjour a été très agréable. Parfait pour un séjour à New York pour des petits budget  We were on motorcycle, and a cool room was what we needed after riding through NYC on a weekday afternoon. When we arrived, the A/C had the room exactly the way we needed it. The room was no frills but a good clean bed and futon as expected. The location was ok, I parked my motorcycle unchained under a tree and had no issues. If you are competant at navigating the subway system, Manhatten is only 35 min away. (Including a 15 min walk to the first station). We had a few issues navigating the train so it took us about an hour to get to Manhatten. Didnt get a chance to meet the host, but everything was ready when I arrived.  The room was clean and clean towels were provided.  It was hot in New York, so the AC in the room was great!  The overall cleanliness can vary depending on who else were staying.  The first day when I was there, the bathroom was a little messy.  But after guests from another room left, the bathroom was clean (since I didnt leave my personal items laying around and clean up after myself).  The area was closed to public transit (bus and subway).  I was on my motorcycle, so parking was super easy for me, but if you are coming with your car, you might want to find a spot to park and then take public transit.  There are grocery stores, coffee shops and restaurants in walking distance.  Also both Brooklyn and Manhattan Bridge are only about 2 or 3 miles away.  Overall, I had a great experience during my 4 nights stay. It was a good place to stay, reasonably easy to work out transport, kitchen and bathroom were great. This place was nice and awesome and Digna was a very helpful and communicative host!!  The floors were craking and it was burden for me to carry my luggages up to 3rd floor because the stairs were uneven. Room had a spider web and even a real spider and it was just terrible. Also, she located the place as near Pratt Institute but actually its way far over from what it was listed  My experience was a good one. I was only there for one night. And even though I was not able to meet her in person Digna was very accommodating and friendly. it was a good stay.  Digna was really helpful even she wasnt there. She gave me all the info that i need. 地址在布鲁克林,主要是黑人居住区,但是都挺安全的。住的房间很干净,应有设施都很齐全,还可以自己做饭。另外,提前到达或推迟离开一点点都可以把行李放在那里,让人感觉很好。 It was a great experience. The location is good for me and its near the subway station. The living room was just like a sweet home, and I like the kitchen!  Everything was good  All in all a very nice stay. The Room was clean and the other housemates very all very respectful. Thank you! We had a good time in brooklyn. Easy to live at Digna place! We only stayed for a couple of nights, and Digna seemed nice, but the pictures of her place are extremely misleading. This Airbnb would have been worth it if it was listed as a $20/night hostel. Theres 10 or more rooms that she rents out to people, with only two bathrooms to share (which say they get cleaned daily at noon, and clearly do not). Theres construction across the street going on all night (I know she cant help that, but she should mention it). Anyways, extremely overpriced for what you get! Wont be staying here again.  Bardzo fajne miejsce.  Spokojna dzielnica.  Pokój mały, ale jest sporo przestrzeni w kuchni.  Sprzęt kuchenny działa i jest do dyspozycji. Polecam It was okay for the prize. Nice place, but a bit far from subway. Dont go back too late. More like a rooming house/hostel than an apt with a host. That being said, our room was cheap and clean. Never had an issue with the bathroom. The other guests were pleasant. This place is great for the price! A little ways from the city (took us an hour by subway) and a little out-dated, but check in/out was super easy, Digna is very helpful and available and the place is clean and comfortable.  It was an easy to stay here with clear instructions. Good value for money Nicht zu empfehlen!  Leider war es sehr dreckig und unhygienisch dort (obwohl gesagt wurde, dass jeden Tag geputzt wird). Zudem war unser Zimmer komplett überhitzt und auch nach dem Ausschalten der Heizung blieb die Hitze während des ganzen Aufenthalts. Des Weiteren wurde man früh am morgen wach, da immer wieder neue Leute anreisten und niemand Rücksicht bzgl der Lautstärke nahm. Had a great stay with Digna. The room was nice and clean. Bed was super comfy too. Highly, highly, highly recommended  Nice room.  Shes perfect. We can come for the check-in, 4h earlier. Everything is clean, and the bee is really confortable ! Le logement est simple, assez agréable pour le prix et tranquille. Lentrée et la sortie des lieux sont extrêmement simple. Digna est toujours disponible en cas de problème.   Room was exactly as described. Very comfortable El edificio está muy bien equipado, las cocinas y los baños muy buenos. El lugar queda en un vecindario tranquilo y residencial. Hay varias estaciones de metro para llegar (3) y se encuentran como a 20 min caminando. Tanto el check in como el check out son muy sencillos de hacer y Digna siempre esta disponible para cualquier consulta. Good location for trips into Manhattan. Good access to public transit.     Its a little inconvenient to get to the train. Other than that its a good value for what you pay.  The room is too small for 3, we cant open the suitcase in the room. Therere 4 rooms on the same floor, The high peak we have 11 people sharing one toilet in the morning. A bit far from any subway lines , beside that, everything is ok.  The listing is very accurate. It can accommodate 3 people but best for two. The room is close to subway and bus, about 45 mins away from downtown NYC. The room is clean and tidy and check in was easy. Communication with Digna went very well as she is very responsive. The common area is shared among digna and other guests in other rooms in the house. The living room and kitchen are nice too, but the only issue is there are too few bathroom but too many guests in the house. You may expect to wait a bit for the bathroom especially in the morning. After all, I recommend dignas place if you are a budget traveler or backpacker dwelling in the very costly NYC.   I really liked that Digna provided all instructions right after booking - you know all you need before arrival! And she communicates really fast and openly.  We (2 women) stayed in a small but affordable bedroom. It was on the 3rd floor, very hot despite of AC. We were a bit surprised that so many guests use there  common spaces (4 bedrooms for one floor, quite a lot of people to share a bathroom) but as we were waking up really early and coming late it wasnt such a problem. Kitchens are good equiped and really cozy. I would recommend this place for those who look for a cheap, clean, basic room to use it mainly for sleep.  We felt safe in this neighbourhood, people were nice and said hello :) there are bus stops near the Dignas place and 15min of walk to subways.   Buen alojamiento , muy práctico todo con digna , es un buen barrio con conexiones de subte y colectivo para todos lados.  Great place to stay if you want something affordable. The bed was real comfortable, and the place was really clean. It was easy to get to Manhattan , the subway was 15 min walk, and the bus stopped right outside. One downside is that you have to share a bathroom with 4 other rooms, and in the mornings its usually busy. But other than that this was a great place to stay, and would deffinetly  stay again. Had a great stay at Dignas it was exactly as we expected and they were very quick with communication. The place was cleaned regularly and our room had our own a/c. Good We had three of us so we were a little cramped in the room, but it was perfectly clean and fine for a few days. Its nice and secure. Its a very busy house as every room is rented out, so if you like a hostel atmosphere then this is the right place. We saved money by using the kitchen to make our own meals, and there is a store just down the street, along with others nearby. We met the host just the one time but she was very friendly. Really nice place for young travelers, affordable, close to 3 subway lines. Living room and bathroom was sheared but cleaned everyday, room was exactly as on the picture. We really enjoyed time in Daisys place. Recommend!! Daisy definitely missed the whole purpose of Airbnb. It was more like a hostel. It was dirty, the bathroom was disgusting and I saw little bugs in there. We felt very uncomfortable! We did not see her once, she didnt checked in with u herself, her cleaning help did. If we wouldnt have been there that early to see the lady cleaning our room, no one would have been there. She did not once contact us later on. Our room was way to small for 3 people to sleep in. The couch was hurting my back so much! Wouldnt stay there again. The next subway line (G) was a 15 minute walk away. At night the walk made us a little uncomfortable. This place is more of a hostel and it should probably reflect that in the description. Further from the train than listed. Says it is cleaned daily but doesn’t appear to be based on mildew, grime in tub and in kitchen. I did request a refund for the cleaning fee and the final nights stay here which we cancelled due to misgivings about this listings so Daisy was at least flexible on understanding our issues with the place. La cuisine et le frigo n’était pas propre, les salles de bains manquaient de rangements ( nous devions poser nos serviettes sur les toilettes ) de tapis et de sol et le ménage était à revoir. La chambre est confortable pour un court séjour. This is a decent place to stay, but nothing extraordinary. We wanted somewhere cheap to crash at while exploring Brooklyn and going clubbing, so it wasn’t bad for our wants. If you want to stay in a truly walkable neighborhood with more fun things to do, this isn’t the best. The only amenities within a reasonable walk are some Chinese takeouts, supermarkets and basic neighborhood stuff like that. The kitchen is in OK shape but there weren’t a wide variety of dishes and bowls to use. The heating and stairs were a little broken. We never even met the host so I didn’t feel like we got the full Airbnb experience...oh well. It was cheap and liveable. Very responsive and convenient host. Ideal place to spent a week-end visiting NYC.  Es bueno el servicio, así como la ubicación del la casa, la zona es tranquila."	0
652	Is a great place for privacy n it was really comfortable Delightful place in Bushwick. Really affordable and not far from public transit. Roommates were sweet and helpful and it was a comfortable clean environment. Imani was great with providing information about the place well before my visit as well. Amazing bed, friendly people It was worth the inexpensive price. Had a great time meeting the housemates. Everyone is very friendly and welcoming. The host canceled this reservation 30 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	1
653	The communication between host and me are very well. The studio looks exactly like the photo show.     Half of our stay are fine since it is Christmas day and weekend (12/23/2014-12/29/2014), the other three days the construction worker start to work at 7:30 am, the drilling was right outside our windows. It was really bothering our sleep. One other suggestion, the bathroom is not clean. There are dust on the top of the water tank, and the bath towel were lay on the top of the dust. The towel hanger were very dusty on the both end too.     Only the first towel is New, the other old towels were having lots of black dots on it, my wife had to get rid of those black dots before she use it.    The sheet for the sofa bed had a blood stain on it.    I felt like we should not pay the cleaning fee. Maria got back to me within minutes after I placed my request to utilize her space. I havent used the Airbnb service before, and had a few questions about how it all worked.  She patiently answered my questions and assisted me in the confirmation process. She met me at the time we specified and the space was quite satisfactory to our needs. It was very secure (two locked doors and a buzzer system), and the fact that there was only one flight of stairs to contend with when dealing with luggage was extremely helpful. It was within walking distance to the hospital, restaurants, taxis, and other amenities. It was clean, comfortable and a respite for us during a difficult time. On our last day, we had a funeral to attend, and she was kind enough to let us stay late into the day so that we were able to take part in all of the activities of the day. She was also very sympathetic to our personal situation and conveyed her condolences to us several times. I would absolutely stay there again when visiting New York. Marias apartment was in a great location and very easy to get into the city from. She was very helpful and responded very quickly to any questions I had, and she was very flexible in terms of checking in and checking out. Theres even a great cafe next door that treated us well during our stay.  Recommend this apartment for anyone looking for a hassle free stay in the city! El vecindario es muy lindo y queda muy cerca de practicamente todo. Había un wallgreens en la esquina que estaba abierto las 24 horas en casos de emergencias pero en general había de todo. Igualmente sino se puede manejar en subte que hay una estación a unas cuadras.  La descripción es tal cual se ve en las fotos. Al departamento por ahí le falta un poco de luz pero es muy acojedor igualmente. We had a great experience with Maria. She was easy to get a hold of throughout the process. The pictures were accurate. Location was very convenient.  We had a wonderful time in your apartment maria! It fitted our needs perfectly. The bed and the couch were very comfortable. You might want to fix the extension of the couch though. It is not correctly attached underneath the couch on the right side. Thats why the extension tends to drift away from the couch when laying on it. I think its very easy to fix by changing the position of a little U-Shaped device underneath that is now attached underneath but pointing to the wrong side and being to far at the back of the couch. That should fix it. Im not sure if we just didnt find the other plates but it seemed to us that you only had two big plates in the kitchen but we were 4 people. It didnt become a problem for us because we had equipment from our earlier camping trip.  We already told you about the sink in the bathroom and you have probably already fixed that. All these things were just little things in an otherwise very nice apartment.  Thank you for hosting us.   It was our first visit to New York. We chose this place for its location first. But we did not expect what we got: noisy street with constructions under the windows, very load air-condition that you cant use at night if you want to sleep, no promised Tv and Internet, no places for clothes, malfunctioned kitchen, clogging bathrooms sink and cockroaches. The house-cleaner who met us just gave us the keys and had no ideas how we can use all things in this place or what we can find around. We also did not get any instructions from our host. We tried to reach her by texting and calling but did not get any answer except last call we scheduled check-out time. Provided description is not accurate: the bed is not a Quine sized and it is hard to believe that anybody could sleep on this old worn out sofa which uncomfortable to seat. We dont recommend people to stay in this place. El departamento coincide con las fotos y descripción de la anfitriona.  La ubicación es buena para poder moverse en la ciudad.  Nos alojamos durante 11 noches dos parejas y realmente solo usamos el lugar para dormir y bañarnos.  La relación precio/calidad es buena, si bien no conocimos a la anfitriona la llave fue entregada por un tercero de acuerdo a lo pactado.  Nos sumistraron sabanas, toallas y secador de pelo como lo habiamos consultado.  El lugar estaba en buenas condiciones de higiene y para el tiempo que uno  pasa alli lo recomendamos ampliamente.   La anfitriona siempre respondió a nuestras consultas ya sea via mail o por mensaje de texto; nos facilito mucho que tambien hablara español.  Actualmente hay una obra de construccion y resulta incomodo moverse con las valijas. Durante nuestra estadia a las 7am ya comenzaban a trabajar; a tener en cuenta para aquellos que tengan incovenientes con los ruidos. Ademas la calle es muy transitada durante la noche.   My friend and I had a lovely stay with Maria. The place looks exactly like the photos - clean and cozy. Maria gave great instructions on how to find the place and we got the key without any problems. The location was probably the best part, as it was close to the subway and walking distance to Central Park. I would definitely stay here again. Buena ubicación, muy limpio, bien equipado. Algo de ruido por obras en la zona. Buena señal de wi-fi.  La comunicación con el anfitrión fluida y clara. Maria was a wonderful host! She replied to us very quickly and really tried her best to accommodate us! After we told her that the sheets were not so clean, she delivered a set of new sheets for us by that night. She is very warm hearted. I forgot my sunglasses at her place, and she mailed it back to me.   The only thing was that there was strong and vomiting paint smell in the passageway maybe due to new wall paint, which spread into the apartment.  Nuestra estadía en casa de María fue muy cómoda. El lugar se ajusta a las fotografías y ella nos entregó sabanas, secador de pelo y dejó toallas, de acuerdo a lo conversado.  La entrega de las llaves fue conforme a lo pactado y mostró flexibilidad en cuanto a la devolución del departamento, lo que se agradece.   Contesto nuestros mensajes y siempre se mantuvo atenta en caso de realizar alguna solicitud adicional. The space was lovely, great location - very quiet and peaceful. The bed was comfortable and the space very clean. Maria was very good to communicate with, and check-in/out procedures well explained. Would stay here again! My family and I spend 4 days in New York, the apartment is well located and exactly like in the photo. I recommend the apartment!	0
654	"This will be a good AirBNB, I think. We had a number of problems, some of which were addressed while we were there. One bedroom had no power (light/outlet). This was fixed before we left. An additional repair person arrived unannounced for the heater while we were in a meeting, disrupting. There are no chairs (4 high stool with no backs). There was only 1 key, but they did provide a copy on our third day. The Internet was often out, although it typically returned within 10 minutes.  We could hear the door bell, but the buzzer was broken so we had to run downstairs many times to let people in. There were no instructions anywhere, so we were not sure we took the trash out to the right place. Asking about it each thing seemed to really upset the host (via text ""Why didnt you tell them [maintenance] about the outlet ???"")    On the other hand, the host was very responsive to texts, there were plenty of towels, and the place was clean. It just looked like a very new AirBNB (e.g., utensils still in wrappers) that needs some things fixed to make it more useful. We spent a lot of time there for our business, so others may have a different experience.  You might want to be aware that one bedroom wall does not meet the ceiling, sounds are clearly heard throughout the apartment. The neighborhood was close to Randalls island for great running. Having many stores near by allowed us to buy a light for the bedroom without electricity quickly. Victoria’s place is newly renovated. It’s clean, cozy, and bright with sunlight. My family and I really enjoyed staying at her place. Victoria is easy to reach and she responded quickly. We had a very pleasant stay overall, and will definitely recommend her place! Very clean and cozy apartment. Victoria was very responsive and answered all my questions promptly. There were some issues with temperatures in the back bedroom and the pull out couch does not fit two people. A good value and overall good accommodations. Victorias place was spotlessly clean. Exactly how it is shown in pics. Perfect for the purpose of our trip. Only down side is there is no television. Very clean house Very easy check in check out 10’ walk to the closer subway  Unsafe neighbor by night  Unconfy mattresses  Small living sofa used as bed.  Best place ever !!"	0
655	Gil was a great host.  Very nice and welcoming.  The place was pleasant and comfortable.  The neighborhood charming.  Highly recommended! We felt very welcomed by Gil, he met us at the door at the agreed time, and showed us the apartment. It was an enjoyable long weekend in a great neighborhood and the apartment was perfect for our needs. Gil was a great host! I got this apartment for my parents, and they loved their stay. Very nice and spatious with everything you might need. Its also in a perfect location in a very cute neighborhood! Una casa muy bonita en un barrio muy interesante. Las escaleras para subir al apartamento son un poco antiguas, pero el piso está reformado y todo está bien.  En general la casa estaba muy limpia, aunque hubiéramos agradecido un poco más de espacio libre en muebles y cocina para poner nuestras cosas.   Desde la casa se puede ir paseando hacia el puente de Brooklyn por la zona del río con unas vistas preciosas de Manhattan y el puente.  Sin duda volvería a repetir.   Excellent apartment in an excellent location. Gil was very responsive and considerate. The best block in Brooklyn. Gils place is in a gorgeous spot of Brooklyn. Brownstones, restaurants, bakeries...The best. The house is basic but clean. Stayed for a weekend with my 8-year old daughter. It was perfect for us. Great location: lively during the day and pretty quiet at night. The instructions from Gil were very clear, and he was very responsive. Highly recommended. Gils apartment is in a great neighborhood. Its close to some wonderful bars and restaurants and public transportation. Gil was very easy to communicate with, and he arranged for us to get and leave his keys easily. The apartment occupied the entire floor and was pretty spacious, but very basic.   However, we heard a lot of noise each night at around 2-3 AM  (even though the windows were closed) from across the street-a loud truck and voices. The apartment is across the street from a bakery, and perhaps they were getting a delivery, etc. at that time of night.	1
656	The experience was very much lacking in any kind of enjoyment. 20 minutes in the apartment and we were thoroughly disappointed at the lack of cleanliness and hygiene. We couldnt sit down or put our belongings anywhere because of the filth all over the entire apartment. It shocks myself and my friend that anyone could take money from another human being and expect them to live in somewhere that was so unclean!  Nice place and easy to get to. Ideal if there is a large group!  The host was friendly and helpful. Apartment was nice, comfortable. Neighbourhood was rather scary and dirty, but nothing bad happened and thats all that matters. It was really good stay. We had no problem with communication, Marleen is really helpful. Everything was clean and in good conditions. Great connection for subway, only 5 minutes. Thank you very much  It was really nice! Clean and  in good conditions (: Maybe neighborhood is a little scary, but nothing happend for 1 week! I really happy that I chose this apartment and this is good for big groupe (8 people). One more thing, communication with Marlene is very good and fast!  Thank you so much! Marlene was very communicative and accommodating before and throughout our entire stay. The description on Airbnb was very accurate, and both her daughter-in-law and son were very friendly and welcoming. The curtain provided enough privacy and the house was essentially ours.  We had a great time. They were very easy and understanding. Definitely recommend this place if youre looking for an easy/cheap night in New York.  We came late (at round about 8:30 pm) but that was no problem. Marlene was not there but her boyfriend and he was really kind and showed us our room. It was clean and he was very helpful. We were hungry and he told us a great soulfood-restaurant, which was really great! Thank you for that:)  Ill book you again, when I come back to New York:)  See you hopefully soon,  Kiki We spent only the night, se were a little noisy because we were five girls, but everything was perfect in the place :)  I hope that we didnt bother a lot! The localization is perfect, dont worry about what the people say about the neighborhood :) The room was great! We had a little bit of miscommunication with dates of arrival, but we sorted out the problem on the phone very quickly. We didnt meet marlene, but her boyfriend hosted us. A nice room, excellent for sleeping between intense NY cruising. A nearby subway station and many food places make the area good. For the price, I couldnt demand more.  It was a fantastic experience. The price is reasonable and the place was clean and convenient. Only 2 minutes walk from the train station, close to a supermarket and has a small grocery store by the corner. Subway and Dunkin Donut is just a minute away.  The neighborhood is sketchy but its actually very nice. Definitely a place to go for! Nice apartment in Harlem, stayed there for 8 nights in a group of 5, very close to the NYC center, 15 min.to Times Square  Even tho I didnt get to meet Marlene we both had something in common, we are both trini! Ha overall the place was close to the subway although she had an emergency I manage pretty well Somethings where not cleaned but I took care of that myself. But for my first experience wasnt bad. Little noisy neighborhood but its very close to the subway and corner store near. Good price for a night!  The room was big enough for 10 people; everything was listed in the description. Overall location very convenient, close to food and subway. Didnt have any issues. Thanks The place was good for the price, everything as described, had a good location and cheap places to eat close to it. It was a good experience! I absolutely love my few days in NYC and the nice place Marlene and her friend rented us helped a lot because of its proximity with the subway. The place was clean and pretty. It wasnt hard to find and has a lot of shops next to it! I recommend her place, it was super legit and nice. Nice room! We are a group of five girls who stayed in New York for 3 nights. We didnt meet Marlene, but we were hosted by her son Omar. He was really nice and accommodating. Thanks to him, we were able to drop our bags and get the keys at 8:00 AM the first day and and to leave our bags until 10:00 PM the last day, even though we were checking out in the afternoon. He recommended some great places to go in the neighborhood. The appartment is close to the subway, which is great! Omars cousin lives in the other room, but he was very discrete. There is also a cute cat who lives there. The room doesnt have a door, but there is a curtain, so we had enough privacy.     There were some minor complications, but our host was really helpful and quickly found a solution.     For the price, this place is pretty good. It is on Manhattan, close to a subway station, in a nice neighborhood and the hosts are super nice! Nobody disturbed us and room was clean. Good beds and Wifi.  Not a very safe neighbourhood though.  Great place in Harlem, good value for the money, who needs a TV when there is a cute cat around (we miss that cat), be sure to try burgers at Harlem Shake! The host was very attentive  and answer my questions right away. The location was good. The room was not ready when we arrived.  too much dust around and a cat in the room everytime we came back to the room.  Not problem except my daughter is allergic to cats and dust.    A curtain separated the room from these Rest of the appartment. There was not a private door. The place is same as the description. Although it do not provide lift in the building which make us hard to bring our luggage into room, however it is pretty good environment which nearby subway, grocery shop and restaurants. Just perfect for you will pay. Very close to Times Square, Central Park, etc (20 minutes) you just have to take the subway 2 or 3 to downtown. We didnt have any problem. I definitely will stay again there!. greaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat !!!! ideal place in harlem..ideal price..we were 8, and everybody is happy..we didnt see marlene, but the keys expexted us..communication by (Hidden by Airbnb) were excellent...we hope your son wasn t too surprised and disturb by the eight domino team...thanks for all, this trip was great!!! and you, your family and neighbours are so kind... see you for a next NYC trip. We got off to something of a ruff start. Due to a family emergency and unorganised previous guests, our apartment was not ready until after 5pm. The room looked, as usual, better on picture and was not very clean. The big bed however was really comfy and there was a very cosy cat in the apartment. The neighbourhood was a bit so-so depending on the streets. Their was a very cool live music jazz bar close to the place though.  Her son helped my family reach the place safely! Really nice people :) Will definitely stay at the place again ! Marlene was understanding about us being late, we got there she greeted us fixed the room up. The room was huge and very comfortable suits a larger party. A subway was 4 blocks away it will take you anywhere you need to be. Deli, food trucks and 99 cent stores on every corner. Great neighborhood and location. Marlene also texted us about a party that was going on at the park. Staying here made our New York experience very nice. I definitely recommend staying here. Were coming next June and hopefully its available thanks again Marlene  Marlene guided us through check-in and made sure we were comfortable, even though we were uncertain about some details in the beginning. A no-frills apartment with basic necessities for a couple of nights. We arrived to the apartment extremely late (around 1:00 am). She made sure to leave the keys with a relative. When we got lost, we were able to get in touch with the host and they helped us out at any time. We didnt face any inconveniences due to their help! The only positive outcomes were the localization and the check out flexibility . The cleaning was not done when we arrived , there was no doorknob at the bathroom so impossible to lock yourself when you take a shower .  We had a nice stay, the hosts were very kind. The room was big enough, but it was not very clean. We never met Marlene but she was very responsive and was very helpful with our early check-in. If you are looking for a cheap place to staying in with a large group, this is the place for you. It is very affordable and the train is a 5min walking distance. The train is a Red line and can pretty much take you anywhere in NY. Do not use and Uber or Lyft to get to and from downtown because it will be too expensive and far the train is the perfect option.    There was a cute big cat that stayed in the room at all times so take that into consideration. Also, her nephew lives there but he stayed out of the way.    The only things we didnt like is the neighborhood, the fact that it is in the 4th floor and there is no elevator, there was no trashcan in the bathroom and the kitchen trash can was full.    Everything else was good (especially the big TV in the room with Netflix).    We would definitely stay there again!!!! Marlene was in constant communication with us! We were greeted by her son who showed us around the apartment. The walk to the nearest subway was a 7 minute walk (She is on 138th and the subway on 135th) . Very accessible and the living room itself was exactly as described. Everything was very clean and she even prepared towels and extra linens for us.   I would stay here again in a heart beat. Her air conditioning was on point in this humid weather. Everything was better than the description. Thank you again for a wonderful and lovely stay!      Lo bueno del apartamento de Marlene sin duda es el precio. Es un gran precio para alojarte en NY estando cerca de Central Park, Times Square y demás.    Además de eso, el gato es bastante amigable y hace buena compañía.    Entre lo malo, principalmente fue que tuvimos problemas con bichos en las camas, esto fue lo que definitivamente hizo pésima nuestra experiencia.    Además de eso, la puerta del baño no tenía cerradura, lo cual era algo incómodo y tuvimos que comprar nuestro propio papel sanitario.     je suis arrivé à midi et je navais pas un téléphone pour téléphoner. donc jai attendait  jusquà 15h comme est noté  the check-in, mais Marlene nest pas venue. Jai  laissé les affaires dans la voiture et je suis partie pour faire un tour à la  ville. à 18h jai pu téléphoner à Marlene et je lui dis que jarrive vers 8h, je  suis arrivé, mais la chambre nété pas prête. Mais, je pense que Marlene a  un bon service. Auf keinen Fall zu empfehlen!  - Zimmer hatte überall weiße Flecken auf dem Boden, auf der Couch, einfach überall, keine Ahnung was das war - die Katze war auch sehr schmutzig, meine Töchter hatten nach unserem Aufenthalt Flöhe! - der Katzenklo war unter der Spüle in der Küche  - man konnte die Badtür nicht zusperren -> null Privatsphäre   - es gab nur 3 Handtücher für 4 Personen - der Wasserhahn in der Küche tropfte die ganze Zeit - sehr viele lange, dunkle Haare in der Badewanne, schon als wir ankamen - die Bilder entsprachen nicht der Wirklichkeit, noch nicht mal der Boden  Einfach nur ekelhaft!! It was great, value for money. L hôte a été très acceillant et nous a tout explique   Appartement bien situé   Mais le gros problème a été l hygiène avec des puces de lit partout  Marlene s apartment is in a very quiet and nice area of Harlem near the metro. Unfortunately we have had problems with bed bugs (very frequent in New York even in the best hotels). Marlene and her family have tried to eliminate them but we were forced to change apartment. Marlene was very helpful and kind and in the new apartment  we had a great time. Highly recommended to visit New York. Lappartamento di Marlene è in una zona di Harlem molto tranquilla e carina vicino alla metro. Purtroppo noi abbiamo avuto problemi con le cimici dei letti (molto frequenti a New York anche nei migliori alberghi) e anche se Marlene e la sua famiglia hanno cercato di eliminarle,  siamo stati costretti a cambiare appartamento. Marlene è stata molto disponibile e nel nuovo appartamento noi siamo stati benissimo. Consigliatissimo per visitare New York. Very good place for tourist and travelers! Next time for longer stay The place had two comfy beds, plenty of space, and a convenient little store just around the corner where you could buy anything you needed.   Le logement était conforme à la description et au prix. Le quartier est très vivant et sympa, beaucoup de francophones. Le métro et les bus sont tout près.  Nous étions 8 personnes dans le logement et je ne pense pas que lon aurait pu être plus.  Nous navons presque pas vu le colocataire qui était très discret, Nous navons pas connu Marlene en personne mais elle a été très réactive à  nos messages et requêtes ! Merci ! Die Unterkunft entsprach unseren Erwartungen. Die Nachbarschaft war hilfsbereit, so dass wir uns immer sicher gefühlt haben. Die Kommunikation mit Marlene lief reibungslos und unverzüglich, so dass wir diese Unterkunft, vor allem im Hinblick auf das Preis-Leistungsverhältnis immer wieder buchen würden. Den Times Square erreicht man per Express-Bahn in 10 Minuten, die nächtste Metrostation ist lediglich 5 min entfernt. Wir haben uns sehr, sehr wohl gefühlt. Danke!! It was everything perfect. Perfect house and perfect zone. I will definitely come back. Thank you! Le logement de Marlene est très confortable, le rapport qualité-prix est très bon. Nous étions 7 avec 4 enfants et nous avons eu assez de place dans la grande chambre que propose Marlene. Je pense quà 10 on doit quand même être un peu serré... Lemplacement est idéal, tout près du métro et le quartier est très tranquille. Je recommande ce logement pour des gens qui veulent économiser sur le logement à New York. Lappartement est au 4ème étage sans ascenseur, seule petite difficulté avec une poussette, mais vu le prix du logement, cela était tout à fait surmontable ;).   Really good location  Ottimo posto! Molto strategico (vicino ad una stazione metro che porta in centro in breve tempo). La stanza è molto grande e pulita, e i coinquilini molto molto gentili! Consigliatissimo! The location of the house is great. Close to Subway station and Bus Stop. Easy to reach Manhattan, New York. I would recommend this place if you just needed a place to rest at night. The house is on the 4th floor, no lift and only have to use the staircase. No lock on the bathroom door. Bedroom is just ok. Good for people of 6. However the host was kind to accommodate 10 of us in the room. It helped managed our staying expense in New York.  *Once communication is settled with her, you wont have a problem. Moving around is pretty easy. The metro is just 5 min away from her building, and Times Square is just 15 min away within the metro.  *This is a perfect place if youre looking for a place just to sleep.  *Marlene has a cat. The cat is adorable.  A fair place for its price. Sanitation is a problem but acceptable. The cat is lovely though. I stayed at Marlenes place with a friend for her daughters sweet 16 trip. We were a group of four. The sleeping arrangements worked well for us and the location was great for easily getting around the city. We also checked out a few local Harlem spots.     Marlene was very friendly and responsive to my messages. We did not meet her in person. Her nephew lives in the apartment and was there during our stay. We had a few awkward run-ins with him going to and from the shared bathroom. The bathroom door also does not have a lock.    The place works well for those looking for a no-frills room to sleep. Id recommend bringing your own soap and extra toilet paper. The location and price were OK.  Check-in and out time are flexible. Marlenes nephew helped with check-in process and he was patient and easy to communicate. But it seemed that he remembered a wrong check-in date but we checked in successfully at late night. The apt was much older than we expected. The kitchen was not clean, no salt, oil etc. to use, no water boiler. The microwave was not working. No smoking was allowed but we could see a cigarette in the bathroom. Its a living room with two big beds and two big sofa. There was a dinning table but no chairs. The whole apt smelled a little bit bad. Anyway, the price was low. If you can stand all the inconvinience and cleaness, its a reasonable place to stay.  The apartment is very convince, clean and quiet. The host is very kind and friendly. It is a economy and reasonable choice for our travellors. Recommend, exercising location very close to a meter easy access to the main sites of the city, easy communication with hostess, clean place, comfortable bed, well equipped kitchen Muy buen departamento, bien ubicado cerca del metro. Un buen lugar para quedarse y recorrer la ciudad  El lugar es cómodo, espacioso  y acorde al precio, esta muy bien ubicado a dos cuadras del metro, es recomendable establecer bien desde el principio la forma de comunicación para no tener problemas para llegar y lo que comentan de los bichos es cierto.   Great hosts! Very accommodating and would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a great spot! Merci Marlène pour cet appartement. Bien situé par rapport au midtown (20min de time square en métro ), pratique pour un voyage entre amis (peu cher et chambre commune conviviale ). La communication avec Marlène a été parfaite (très réactive ).  Attention: du bruit la nuit cependant. Very good place, and the host was very nice and was always able to be reached.  The house was as we expected. The price is fair. The position is really good. Just five minutes away from the subway and 20 minutes from Times square.  We slept in the living room and for 5 people the dimensions are acceptable. The bathroom is quite small but we had no problems at all. The kitchen is furnished. The nephew is not really colloquial or friendly but its not a problem at the end. We found the house without any problem because we could text with the host that gave us all the information to get to the house. It was the same for checking in and out.  Good position and good price!!! :) There is a problem for  Car Parking There is noise constantly in this city.  At night, there are so much trash blowing around.  People are nice.   Nice place. Great location and the host is very accesible and communicative. Just what you need in a trip to NYC.  This is an inexpensive place to stay, close to subways and restaurants.  Its easy to visit other areas of Manhattan from there. If youre looking for a cheap place to sleep and plan on being out and about most of the time, this is a great deal. If you plan on hanging out there, know that the room is basically furnished at the moment (beds and couch) and that you are sharing bathroom and kitchen with the host. Omar was very accommodating and friendly with us. He brought us the key right after we arrived downtown. That was great knowing we did not have to worry about meeting him at the apartment at a certain time since we wanted to hang out downtown and midtown before getting there. The house is a good and economical option and is located at a 15-10 mins distance to Manhattan Times Square area. It is easily accessible by the Metro. The host is good and came at midnight to give us the keys to the apartment. So, no issues with checking in. The house has basic furniture and a shared kitchen and bathroom with the host.  The host says in the listing that she has a cat but does not mention that the cat always stays with the guests. It used to keep  moving and jump on the bed at night. It even threw up on the couch which I found was a major concern. Besides, there is nobody in the house who can pet the cat and keep him away if you want to.  So, the house is good overall but beware of the cat if you are not a cat person. The nearest subway is 135st(walk around 3-5 minute)The host is communicative and friendly.Restroom is clean and has enough toilet paper.And if you love cat you would love this place. There is a cat name mookie and shes very friendly to all the guests. :) Great apartment, her nephew lives there but we didnt even saw him once. Good privacy and clean. Gracias, lugar muy economico, cerca a metro, y a todos los sitios de interes, supermercados y todo cerca Lappartement est situé à 15 minutes de Time Square en métro, donc idéal pour découvrir la ville. Par contre, assez basique en terme de confort, mais lessentiel est là. Marlene et David sont très réactifs à toutes nos demandes, et dune grande souplesse  (check-in très tardif et check-out très matinal nont posé aucun problème ). Je recommande fortement ce logement à quiconque voudrait découvrir New-York sans se ruiner.  bon emplacement trés bon rpport qualité prix Great place! Thanks! Je ne peux pas dire si le logement de Marlène est bien car on ne la jamais vu ! Elle nous a dit que la personne qui devait nous donner les clés était malade donc pas de clé. Plutôt quanuler, Marlène nous a proposé daller chez son fils qui sétait absenté. Le fait quelle est suggérait quelle voulait annuler ma mis hors de moi. Il était 19H00, jétais avec mon mari et mes 5 enfants à la gare routière de New-York et pas de logement. On a donc accepté le logement de son fils qui sest vrai était mieux placé dans Manathan mais, il ny avait que 4 couchages, pas de draps ni de serviettes de toilette propres, lappartement navait pas été nettoyé. On a dû acheter 2 matelas gonflables, des draps pour 7 et des serviettes de toilette à 21H30, heureusement que tout est ouvert à cette heure là à NY ! Ça ma quand même coûté 140€. Je suis très déçue .... également par Airbnb qui laisse la possibilité à lhôte dannuler à la dernière minute. Marlène nous a dit que cétait une urgence et quon devait se mettre à sa place mais quelle se mette à la mienne qui nest pas simple avec 5 enfants ! Lovely hosts, apartment was exactly as described and minutes away from a subway station. I would highly recommend. First time using Airbnb & im so glad I chose this place. Check in for me was by fair the highlight. I drove in from North Carolina & was in constant contact with her daughter. I was able to check in hours before the actual check in time. I had a family of 8 & we all stayed & slept comfortably. The cat was not an issue at all. Parking was what I expected it to be which was chaotic but its NYC there usually isnt parking even if u live there. I WILL DEF BE STAYING AGAIN!!!!! Very nice people  Marlene was very sweet and communicative with me from the start. Street parking was available, and the subway was only 2 short blocks away.   I wasnt sure of the other room in the back of the apartment though. I was told it was her son and his friends, but the guests were foreign and have been there for almost a week prior to me arriving. They didnt really take the trash out or clean up after themselves as well as they could have but I didnt really let that affect my stay.   I really liked the convenient location and the price of the room with how spacious and accommodating it was! Близко к Центральному парку и остановке метро. Рядом кафе и магазины. Для компании. Спасибо хозяйке. Хорошее общение. Marlène est très gentille, arrangeante et disponible. Lappartement nest pas au centre ville mais il y a le métro a 5 minutes et une épicerie juste à côté. Lappartement quand à lui est assez grand, il y a la télévision (programme Netflix), les lits sont très confortables et surtout il y a Mookie leur adorable chat a qui on sattache trop vite! Je recommande le logement de Marlène ;) Hi Marlene, I wanna thank you for everything. There was just a few things that were missing to keep the place in good conditions like a mop and a waste basket, I recommend you to have an insecticide because we found some bugs. The place is close of a subway station and thats really good. Excellente location, idéalement située ( A 3 min du métro qui dessert les principales lignes pour visiter New York ). Harlem est un quartier chaleureux , sécurisé avec tout ce quil faut autour de lappartement ( snack, restaurant, supermarchés ) a des tarifs très avantageux Nous navons pas rencontré Marlène mais Chris ( son neveu ) qui partage lappartement est très serviable ( et discret ) il nous a même inviter à partager une excellente soupe :-) Je ne peux que recommander, un tarif aussi bas pour un emplacement aussi proche du centre de Manhattan cest tout simplement introuvable... Jy retournerais sans la moindre hésitation !!! No hay puerta en el cuarto y hay un gato que se duerme en la cama Marlene and David are great people and very helpful. The price is as good as the location (it’s very near to the subway).  Personally the apartment was the part the I didn’t like very well. The space is really good (it’s a big room). But the smell of the cigarettes was really intense and it makes me sick and the bathroom could be cleaner. It didn’t ruin my trip and I recommend it because Marlene and David are really cool and I think these are things that can be easily fixed! Thanks Very friendly and respectful. Love the cat. Great hosts! We had an amazing time!! Marlene and Davids place was perfect for us! Endroit idéal pour dormir sur NY...Marlène a toujours répondu très vite à mes messages...Bon rapport qualité prix Extra helpful with directions, and local transportation suggestions while we were in town.  Great space at a very convenient location in Harlem.  Thanks Marlene and David.	0
657	Alexandra was great to deal with. The ease of everything made my trip a great one. Great Whole Foods store close by. Easy walk to two subway stations and 10-15mins to Times Square.  Thanks Alexandra Look no further!  Seriously excellent accommodations.  The space is HUGE, modern &clean decor, super quiet,  and large comfy queen bed. And an elevator!! It was immaculately clean and literally across the street from Whole Foods and close to  the subway.  Alexandra was always available with quick replies and left me a lovely welcome gift.  I travel to NY a lot and this will be my new and frequent home away from home whenever it’s available. This is awesome place, and Alexandra is the best host ever. The flat is great, very well connected and close to everything you need. It is very spacious, clean, warm and bright. Even better than expected from the pictures! Alexandra kept in touch all the time, making you feel like home. Next time in NY I will definitely stay there again. Totally recommended! The host canceled this reservation 34 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Awesome and easy. Clean. Pictures are accurate. Nicely furnished. Functional. Great location. Off street quiet for NYC! Alex kind and easy to communicate with. Definitely recommend! :-)	1
658	It was a awesome place~everything is beautiful and comfortable~ you have relatively private room separated from their house~ independent entry and the entire private kitchen and restroom for gusts. Everything is just what they look like in the picture, or even better. Rosie and her family are very nice and warm hearted, they provided us useful information traveling in NY. The location is about 8 minutes walk to the subway station. I enjoyed the time staying there and will book next time I go to NY. Great staying in Yvettes place. Very nice room and the decorations is very beautiful. Yvette prepared some water in the fridge. And they have coffee maker in the kitchen so you can make your coffee. About 10-15 minutes walk to the subway station. About an hours subway to the Times Square. Feels like home. I stayed at Yvette for almost 30 days and i didnt want to leave!! The place is sparkling clean, really cozy and Yvette always make sure you have everything you need and more. I really enjoy my stay and recommended this place to everyone. I go to New Yokr a fews time a years and this will be my new home in Brooklyn!! You have a nice room, microhave and mini fridge. Lots of storage place. Every week fresh  linens and clean bathroom. They are so sweet. I would never thank you enough for that amazing stay and it make fall in love even more with that great City.    Thank you Yvette  I felt like I knew Ms. Yvette all my life. I felt like I was with a family member. Whenever I go back to NYC, Im going to pay her a visit. I definitely would stay at her place again and Ill advise friends and anyone to stay at her Airbnb. Let me tell you you about her cooking. Im from Miami so Im used to eating West Indies meals. She can throw down with the best of them. It was my first time back in NYC since 2006. Im glad I stayed at her place. My trip was great!!! Shes definitely a classy woman and her family are great as well. I love the location. She gave me great input on how to get to my destination. All I can say is staying at Yvettes is A+= 100!!!! Thank you Ms. Yevette... Miss you guys and Ill see you again in the near future. Sending my love from Miami, FL. God bless you and your family.  This was my very first time staying at an Airbnb, and what a pleasant first experience! Yvette was so kind. The place was so affordable for what your getting! Its like your own private apartment! Wifi and cable access, personal fridge, and a huge room with closet and dresser space. Yvette offered bottled water the first day and when she saw me around she offered to feed me too :) The neighborhood is also super cute! So glad I got a chance to stay at so a wonderful place!  The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. This place was great! The room is very spacious and extremely clean and well-kept. It had all the amenities, including a kitchenette, closet and even a full-length mirror.  The only downside was that the bathroom is shared with another room, so it involves some communicating to figure out who is using it first. Also its about an hour commute into Manhattan. I had a fantastic time at Yvette place she is a wonderful host and is located with convenience. Very clean and looks exactly like the pictures! The hostess is phenomenal. Shes very gracious, honest, kind, and understanding. The space is exceptionally clean and very accommodating for personal or professional travel.  Overall, its a reasonable price with overall good experience. The house is clean and well-furnished. The bad thing is 1) wifi is hard to connect; (2) about 12 mins to the metro station, seems not that safe to work from home in the night. This was the best air bnb Ive ever stayed at. The entire house was deeply sanitized, warm welcome, made sure we had refreshments in the refrigerator , gave us a tour of the house and where we could find things. Not only that but the response that we receive was instant, no delay. Overall I would recommend this place to anyone thats seeking any sorts of stay. Very convenient!!! Love it !!	1
659	This is a cozy and nice place. Lauren is very nice and helps us a lot. The places near  bus station so dont worry about transportation. I am glad to have such wonderful experience in New York in my life.  Lauren est très accueillante, lappartement correspond à la description de son annonce.   lappartement est facile à trouvé et proche des transports en communs, simple donc pour se rendre dans Manhattan.     LAppartement nétait, par contre, pas très propre cest dommage car lappartement est vraiment sympa. Laurens place was a great place to stay to get a feel for the real New York people. We felt safe all times as we walked to and from the subway station at Yankee Stadium. The train station, Melrose was much closer but a lot more expensive and much less frequent trains. We never tried the buses. Laurens apartment was as described with the things you would expect in an apartment. Lauren was a fine host who met us when we arrived and checked in with us over the week we were there.  Laurens apartment looks just as shown in the pictures and we had full access. There are a few fast food places and a drugstore within 1-2 blocks in case you need anything before you start exploring NYC. The train station by Yankee stadium is a 25 minute walk, or you can catch a bus to get you there.   We would definitely consider this location again for future trips to NYC.    Tha apartment was like on the photos. The bus station was on the corner and the subway is also just 1 mile away. There was a nice supermarket as well so we could buy anything. We had only 2 problems. 1: the apartment was a little bit messy when we arrived and spent 1 hour to cleaning up it. 2: we spent there 10 day (including 2 weekends) and in tbe middle of tbe night at weekends we always heard creamings from the street. I think they were partypeople... Great experience, Lauren text me a couple times to see if I needed anything. House was very clean, cold AC in living room. Extra sheets and towels for guest. My stay was great	0
660	A simply wonderful apartment and host. This place is a perfect blend of comfort, cost and proximity. Zoey is lovely, helpful and so welcoming. I would stay there again in a heartbeat!  We had an absolute top-shelf experience with this listing.  The location, convenience, and host exceeded our expectations.      The apartment is across from Sunset Park and I had no idea it provided the views it did.  I was very happy to post the pictures to (Hidden by Airbnb) .  Nice Grocery stores and Restaurants are in easy walking distance as well as access to the subway.  I was able to get great parking and only cost me $1.25 because of the time we arrived.    The Apartment is larger than we expected and very comfortable.  Zoey was a perfect host as her communications were excellent and she met with my Daughter who lives in NYC and was kind enough to let her have the keys.      Overall 5 Stars!!   This is a wonderful place to stay both for Brooklyn and with the subway station close travel into Manhattan. It was a lovely place for our family to stay. Very comfortable room for the whole family to hang out. The bed was very comfortable. Everything you might need for shopping for food or restaurants are very close. Zoey was a wonderful host. We will stay here again. Great place and contact with  Zoey.  Zoey was so nice! We really enjoyed our stay. Would love to stay here again in the future. Clean and nice location.  Zoeya place was clean and looked exactly like the photos. Its spacious enough for 4 people. Also, in a central  location if youre going traveling back and forth to lower Manhattan. Our stay at Zoey’s apartment was perfect.  She went out of her way to get us the key prior to our arrival.  The apartment is exactly as pictured, super clean with the basics. The apartment was located 2 avenues away from where I grew up, so I was familiar with how to get around the area.  We stayed for 7 nights, we didn’t see or hear neighbors till the very last night we were there.  Area is totally safe, activity throughout the day and night.  Once you close the bedroom door you don’t hear any of the street noise and the alley in the back was completely silent.  Great restaurants close by, way cheaper than staying in the city.  My fiancé even got his hair cut at the salon below.   The bed was fine for a week stay, and there were several pillows that gave us several options to sleep.  Our favorite part of the day was sitting on the sofa, totally exhausted from a touristy day and  having a drink while looking out the window to the park. If I have friends going to NY I would definitely recommend they stay there. Zoey was a great host and she everything was as expected! Zoeys place was amazing. A big clean apartment in a safe and dynamic area. Zoey is a fantastic host, quick respond and very accommodating. Will definitely recommend and will definitely book again!  Lappartement de Zoey est formidable. Propre et très spacieux, il est situé dans un quartier animé et sûr. Zoey est une hôte parfaite, elle répond très rapidement et est très accommodante. Nous recommandons et nous y retournerons pour sûr ! I was really happy with the stay. The place was nice and clean with plenty of space for a couple with a baby. You can see the park from the window and the place lets in plenty of light. Food in the area is primarily Mexican and bodegas, most of which is inexpensive. Overall I would definitely recommend this place because of cleanliness, space and location. Very nice, clean apartment Located in an interesting, vibrant area of Sunset Park. The host canceled this reservation 161 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	1
661	Kristina was very flexible about letting me in, both when I first arrived and late at night. The rest of the stay went well too. I would recommend staying with her if youre just looking for somewhere to sleep after a long day in New York. Great area, the central park is 15 mins by bus, the flat was clean and ready to take, Cristine was nice and friendly.   I recommend that place!   Thank you so much! Le aspettative che avevo al momento della prenotazione riguardo questo soggiorno non sono corrisposte alle reali condizioni in cui mi sono ritrovata. Nellappartamento eravamo in tre anziché in due, con la madre di Kristina. Inizialmente sono riuscita ad adattarmi ad abitudini e usi differenti dai miei, Kristina e sua madre sono state gentili nel permettermi di utilizzare il loro sale, fornirmi asciugamani puliti, prestarmi caricabatterie, sono state carine quando sono stata male, pensavo di aver instaurato un buon rapporto di convivenza, anche accettando situazioni particolari e condizioni diverse da quelle per cui avevo scelto questo alloggio, ma i successivi due mesi sono stati difficili. Ci sono state pesanti incomprensioni verbali riguardo le condizioni igieniche e pulizie, a mio parere non accettabili e per le quali non mi sono mai lamentata, ma anzi sono stata rimproverata, e sullutilizzo degli spazi comuni e regole casalinghe. Non mi sono sentita più  libera di muovermi in casa. Ultima spiacevole sorpresa è stata essere svegliata il giorno del check-out per dover lasciare la stanza in anticipo rispetto a quanto Airbnb mi aveva comunicato. Credevo Airbnb fosse un buon sistema per viaggiare, conoscere nuove persone, creare scambi culturali e magari rapporti con chi vive e conosce altre città, non è stato così e purtroppo non so se mi fiderò ancora di quel che è scritto negli annunci. Credo che  per soggiorni lunghi come il mio non sia una buona opzione, ma per vacanze di pochi giorni, stando poco in casa, questo alloggio possa andar bene, è in una buona posizione, vicino alla metro Q, efficientissima, 20 minuti a piedi da Central Park e vicina ad un altro piccolo parco lungo lEast river, adatto per correre e rilassarsi, a starbucks, sempre utile e buoni supermercati. Buona fortuna e viaggio a chi va a scoprire New York, città da molte sfaccettature, ma sicuro da vivere nella sua palpabile libertà.  A fine, comfortable bed in a clean, convenient apartment thats a good place to just stay the night, but dont expect to want to hang around. No air conditioning means it will likely be pretty hot in the summertime. Convenient to the subway (2 long blocks away), on a busy street, shops and food are nearby, as is a lovely park on the East River. Kristina is very communicative and nice, and her place is a fair price for a NYC stay in a nice neighborhood. It is all about guests having the right expectations and landlords being honest about what they have to offer. This place is not for everyone and you need to see if it is a suitable for you. I personally this this place is good if you: -Only stay for a short term and just need a cheap place to crash at -Do not care much for messiness -Do not care much for privacy -Can sleep easily under any circumstances  Below is the pros and cons of this place. Pros: - Located in UES with many bars and restaurants around - Q line is only 5-10 min away on foot - Mattress is comfortable - Walk-in closet in the bedroom - Water pressure isn’t too bad - Rent is inexpensive (is it worth what it has to offer? It’s up to your expectations)  Cons: - There is no heating system for this unit; the building controls it. It’s only automatically turned on during the winter. On the chilly nights in spring/fall, they use their gas oven in the kitchen to heat the house. (Isn’t this a safety hazard? (Hidden by Airbnb) says it run the risk of carbon monoxide poisoning but they would probably say it’s been working for them well.) - There is no air conditioning system in the bedroom. Apparently it’s only in the living room and they were reluctant to turn it on when it was 84 degrees outside (that was 29th April 2017, you can check the weather history). - It is misleading that they have laundry as the amenities. The building does not have washer/dryer. You’ll need to use a laundromat open for the public outside the building. It is $3 to use a small washer and $6 for a bigger one. To use dryer, it’s a 25 cents for 7 min. - It is a 1-bedroom apartment. The landlord and her mom sleep on the couch outside. She told me her mom is going to stay there only for a week. I cut my stay short before verifying this is true, but based on the review below written in italian, it seems that the mom stayed there for the whole time. Given that the landlord doesnt know how the laundromat outside works because only her mom has been doing the laundry for her, her remarks are credible. - Bath tub and bathroom sinks were clogged. But this is easily fixable. - Bathroom is quite messy but I found it tolerable. It’s really up to the individual. The italian lady down there seemed to have been not OK with that.  I find the description of their listing quite misleading but I do NOT have the evidence that they intentionally try to trick people on purpose. You just need to know what the place has to offer and see if the price you’re paying is worth it. Ask the right questions and have the right expectations and you will be fine. Kristina was a great hostess. Super helpful and understanding. Always available if I needed anything but totally gave me my space. The apt is great, clean and comfortable. Neighborhood is very safe, easy to get around with plenty to do if you want, yet quiet enough if you dont. I strongly recommend Kristina as a hostess & her apt as well. Kristina fue super amable durante mi estadia. Fue muy flexible con mi check in y check out. La ubicación del apartamento es cercana al metro y es una muy buena opción precio-calidad. Lo recomiendo y sin duda volvería a hospedarme aquí! Nice stay in UES. Kristina is a nice host. Kristina is very helpful and nice. I arrived late and it was not a problem at all. Everything was very uncomplicated. Many Thanks. Great location, close to transit and room is spacious. Host is very accommodating and sweet. Great location wonderful accommodations overall a positive experience This apartment was in a wonderful location, in a quiet and safe part of the city. It was close to the train, and easy to catch a cab if needed. It is on the 4th floor, so if you have a suitcase larger than a carry-on, it is a bit of a struggle to lug it up to the 4th floor. Kristina was very sweet and I enjoyed chatting with her. Kristina is a very sweet and warm host. The room itself was very comfortable and location is great. The internet didnt work during my stay which was a huge letdown. Kristina is a really nice and special person. I lived with her for 6 weeks and for the whole time she has always been really nice, friendly, she always gave me precious advices and helped me in case of need. Her flat is located in the Upper East Side a beautiful area, quite and safe with subway, supermarket and CVS nearby. It is close to Central Park, Met museum and with an half an hour walk also to Time Square, Rockfeller Center and many other attractions. The  room has a really comfortable bed and a pretty big closet.  I advice everybody to enjoy their trip at Kristina’s place she is a great host. Great location on the upper east side. Kristina is a very helpful host. Overall, I had a great visit	0
662	Très bel appartement et très propre. Wyatt a été très cool ! Wyatt was very welcoming. He was helpful showing the neighborhood and accommodating our needs. Great host! Such a nice and clean apartment! Our host set up everything so it was so easy to just get it, drop our bags off, and start exploring the city. He responded to each of my messages quickly and was very kind. The neighborhood is right next to the big subways and youre only a few minutes from Central Park. Overall great stay. We came from Penn Station, and it was very easy to take the subway, which put us off right by Wyatts place. He gave us clear instructions for getting into his apartment, and everything went without a hitch. Very smooth and easy arrival process.    The apartment was comfortable and our bedroom equally so, but we didnt spend much time there. Since Wyatts place is so centrally located, there was a lot to see just within walking distance. A longer walk through Central Park brought us to the MET and lots of upscale restaurants, while a short Subway ride brought us to all the usual Manhattan tourist spots (Times Square, The Rock, etc.). Harlem also has a lot to offer visitors; we stayed at Wyatts during the Juneteenth celebration, which might have been the best (and cheapest!) thing we did in New York.    Although we didnt see much of Wyatt while we were there, when we did he was friendly and polite. Wyatt was a great host! His apartment was tidy and cosy.   There is a MET Station next to his flat and Central Park is just around the corner.  We can highly recommend this place! Great location, nice place and exactly what youd need for a tourist week in New York, shops right on the block and a pharmacy too which came in handy as the girlfriend fell ill on the first night from the plane trip and so was bed riden that entire first day. Right apartment was right beside the subway for easy access to all of Manhattan. All in all a great place and highly recommended. The host canceled this reservation 63 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. We can highly recommend this apartment. The location is perfect for a tourist trip and really next to the subway station so its really no problem to reach Manhatten fast! It was a great week in Harlem. Everything went well! It was great in Wyatts apartment :-)  Wyatt nétait pas présent à notre arrivée mais il avait tout organisé pour que lon récupère les clés et nous a envoyé les codes de limmeuble par e-mail. Logement très correct, avec chambre climatisée, grand salon donnant sur la cuisine. Les pièces étaient propres, salle de bain avec baignoire, Wyatt est discret et agréable. Le quartier reste Harlem mais nous navons eu aucun souci, le métro est proche, ce qui est très appréciable pour visiter New York City! 	1
663	Wayne was simply great from his fast response back to his interaction throughout. My Aunt came to town and Wayne was able to make accomodations happen on the same day. The apartment was everything we hoped for & more. Wonderful new bedding & the furnishings seemed high quality. Very great energy & vibes. My aunt & cousins were very happy with this Loft. They enjoyed Waynes reccomendations for nearby eateries & shops & only wish they could have stayed longer! The apartment was great in all aspects & the host was amazing & one of the best experiences we had travelling on the website. Thank you wayne! We hope to be back one day.  The apartment was exactly what we expected, good stay for 4 people for a long weekend in NYC. It is not in downtown, but you can take taxi quite easily (except for the rush hours). There is also metro connection nearby.  The main downside is that the apartment is quite dark and the rooms are small, but for a stay like we had it does not matter at all.  There are quite some nice bars and restaurants in the neighbourhood as well, so if thats what youre looking for its also possibility.  Recommended for a weekend get-away for group of friends!  pretty apartment ! The apartment was clean and warm. We had easy access to the city via the subway 3 blocks away. We went from Yankee Stadium to Chelsea Market and the Staten Island Ferry. Wayne gave us a phone app to get around the city easier and also the recommendations of restaurants. He was very helpful to make certain that our stay was the very best it could be. Its a really good place to stay in NY: well located and confortable. Wayne is an attentive guest. I recommend! Very nice, clean and in a nice neighborhood. Great place to stay convenient location I definitely recommend staying at this place. Its very clean and quite. The place is walking distance to the famous museums and train/ bus stops are very near by.  The host is very kind.  这是一个非常不错的住宿,周围非常安静,房间很干净,厨房很好用 Es un gran lugar, muy cómodo y funcional (eramos tres personas). El barrio es hermoso y el metro línea Q está muy cerca. Excelente. The apartment is awesome. The location is pretty good. It takes 5 mins to bus or subway. It is about 20mins walk to Central Park. It has all the things needs to live in. I arrived at 10 oclock at night. The check in is still great. Thanks a lot. We had a great trip in New York. We were looking for a less touristy place to come with our kids and retreat from the craziness of downtown.  This place met those needs.  We were comfortable and had access to all we needed during our stay.    We had two adults and two kids (15 and 10) and had enough space to relax and recover from the busy days.  The Q train is very close which made getting to our destinations very easy. The location is amazing, its only a 10 minute walk to the Q station and it takes you in a really short time to many stations in downtown Manhattan. The flat was unbelievably clean and well-equipped, you have everything you need to cook in the kitchen, the bathroom was great too and also the AC is working really good everywhere in the flat. The only thing might be that the flat is a bit small for 5 people (it would be big enough for 4) and also no natural light, but plenty of lamps in the flat, so that it wont be too dark. Also, thats the only small negative point. It was convenient, to have a 7 Eleven, a fruit/vegetable store, a wine store and some laundromats directly at the corner of the street. Another good point, the flat is on the first floor so there are not many steps to climb until the appartment door.  Just make sure you text Wayne in advance or have internet on the way to the flat in order to get the keys when he is away. All in all, I would definitely recommend the flat, it is a bit pricey but totally worth it regarding to the location and the quality of the flat. Thanks again, Wayne! Waynes place was as good as we expected. Clean, cozy, warm. Communication was great and helpful. We enjoy my family visit at large, thank you Wayne!!! Location, Location , location! This is perfect and extremely quiet! El departamento es tal cual se muestra en las fotos. Muy comodo y limpio. No tiene luz natural pero tiene aire acondicionado en todos sus ambientes lo que es importante para cambiar el aire. Es ideal para una estadía en Nueva York, en donde salis a la mañana y volves a la (Website hidden by Airbnb) zona es muy buena. Agradable y segura. Esta rodeada de negocios y supermercados para comprar comida.Los colchones y la ropa de cama son excelentes. Esta a 4 cuadras de la linea Q de subte que comunica con todas las atracciones en mas o menos 20 minutos.Nosotras éramos 4 y estábamos realmente muy cómodas. Tiene una escalera para entrar lo que dificulta un poco el acceso con las valijas. Sin duda lo recomiendo. Muchas gracias por todo. El apartamento de Wayne se es tal cual se ve en la foto. Un apartamento bonito con todo lo necesario para tener una buena estancia. El metro esta a 5 cuadras y conecta bien con el resto de la ciudad. Es un barrio bastante residencial. The location is super! Exceeded our expectations in cleanliness and comfort. Lovely interior in minimal decor with very spacious bedrooms.  It was a very warm weekend, so having window units in each room was a blessing. The electric kettle was a bonus with plenty of plates and utensils. Host was very kind and patient since this was my first rental. Highly recommend this place. The apartment was very clean and well kept. Spacious bedrooms. Located close to a subway, or a 20 minute taxi into Midtown. Only drawback is not much natural light, but we were out all day anyway so did not affect us too much. Excelente anfitrion, contesta los correos siempre rápido y atento. Piso acogedor y limpio en una zona muy bien localizada, cerca de muchos restaurantes, supermercados y transporte. Muchas gracias por estos días. Very nice place, everything was so clean and new Wayne is very reachable, if you have doubt just contact him. El sitio perfecto ni muy cerca ni muy lejos del centro y wayne se encargó siempre de solucionar los problemas que surgieran o resolver dudas antes de alojarme, esta a menos de 10 minutos al metro y el sitio está muy bien preparado y limpio, era tal y como me lo esperaba. Great space! More outside light would be better, we never knew what the weather was like! The entry was a bit shabby and also there was always a smell of pot in the hall outside. Otherwise the apartment space was great and bothWayne and his colleague were great, no hassle! Wayne e Andrei, muito obrigado pela hospedagem. Sempre muito prestativos quando precisávamos de algo ou de informação. Devido ao frio que assolou a cidade neste período e por termos uma criança de 4 anos necessário acrescentar heaters portáteis e fomos prontamente atendidos. Fiquei muito satisfeito com o tratamento de vocês, e quando voltar a cidade, que é perfeita, e com certeza voltarei, procurarei vocês. Clean and comfortable accommodation in the Upper East-Side Es un gran barrio, muy céntrico para moverse. La calefacción no funcionaban bien pero fue agradable. Es de buen tamaño y el chico es muy amable en sus atenciones. Si lo recomendaría para maximo 5 personas porque ya la 6ta estaría muy apretada. The apartment is central, has two great bedrooms and a well equipped kitchen.  For three days it was perfect. Host was pleasant and easy to reach. Wayne´s apartment is very well represented by the pictures. Spacious, well equiped and well located. The apartment is located in a central and safe zone. The metro station is near and you can take buses just around the corner. The apartment it self is beautiful, just like the photos, with bigs bedrooms and confortable beds. I will totally recommend this place if you are planning to visit new york. It was also a very clean place (Website hidden by Airbnb)  Everything was perfect for me!!       	1
664	"Contact host well before your booking, as we had trouble reaching her.  Price too high for the 3rd floor SMALL room compared with comparable listings nearby. Lacks exterior lighting entering bldg.  Frequent contact with family members sharing the space.  Terrific ponds, turtles, birds.  The hosts were very welcoming and kind. Helped me with everything I needed. Easy to contact through call or text. The home was beautiful. Definitely a hidden gem in Brooklyn. Thanks for letting us stay with your lovely family and making us feel so comfortable. We will definitely return.  Loretta was very quick with the communication, and the house is just as beautiful as the pictures show. The backyard is very peaceful, the views from the top level are impressive. She and Genero were very easygoing. The dog is as sweet as can be, friendly and loving.  I was not aware all levels and rooms of the house, including the guest bathroom are shared access, which took me by surprise. There was no garbage can and no hand towels in the bathroom, which was an issue. Also, the listing made it sound like there was central AC in the home, and it is in fact a window unit outside of the bedrooms. The front door remained unlocked at all times, which I am not used to. Overall, it is a good place to stay while visiting the area, but the listing needs to clarify some of the details for the renter. It is in a fantastic location. Its not a place where you feel welcomed, helped and comfortable to use the house. Its not that the hosts are unpleasants... its just that they are not hosts. Lorettas house is a lovely oasis in the heart of Carroll Gardens. A beautifully rehabbed home that unites function and ethical design.   The house is right next to a major subway line that enables easy exploration of Brooklyn and Lower Manhattan, and Lorettas family are great hosts. Beautiful space, great location, thanks! its very nice place there for good price. its beauful area and its literally next to the subway station. if you dont mind meet dog, which is very cute or nice kids I higly recommend. perfect place for short stay in NY, good valie for price, basically a room in a family house with few children. Evryone is friendly, easy access, meighborhood with many restaurant and nice shop, very close to subway. On the last floor of the house with bathroom close by. Good to have a sharing experience or privacy. I would recomend. I lived in this neighborhood for years, and Im pretty sure theres no other house around like this one. This is a lovely home in one of the finest neighborhoods in the city. Out front is a water feature hosting several turtles, out back is a pool kept crystal-clear without the use of chlorine. My room was clean and quiet. Enjoyed meeting Red the dog. Great place to stay, it is a very chill and self directed environment which suited us perfectly. Nice. Accommodating. Good location. Cool neighbourhood. An ""island"" of peace in the midst of bubbly New York City! I loved staying in Brooklyn, the house is perfectly located - a peaceful street, many coffeeshops, restaurants and 2 Subway entrance within 2 minutes walking distance. I attended a conference in Brooklyn, so it was the perfect hide away and easy access to major NYC attractions. I loved the house and the privacy I had on the third floor. Getting up in the morning sitting on a sofa close to a huge window overlooking gardens and houses - just loved it! Definetely a recommendation for people that look for a hide away from street noise. I loved their dog Red, very friendly and just such a sweetheart. The house is located in a charming neighborhood, but if you need any kind of information or guidance for your trip, you will not get it here. Considering the relative cost of the cleaning fee, this room is not a great deal unless you are staying for a few days and have friends in the area or something like that. Loretta’s home is ideal for people who would also want to be with other people.  It is a home and not a hotel.  Her family’s presence really adds to the character of her unique Eco House.  The neighborhood is just lovely, safe and family-friendly (a page out of Sesame Street)!  It is ideally located where you have access to everything, a convenience store, restaurants, the subway and everything else you could think of.  It’s definitely a place that I would go back to in my next trip! A unique place to stay at. Nice place, great location. Loved the neighborhood and access to the subway.  Be prepared to wake up to screaming kids and possibly domestic disputes. It was challenging to find quiet. This is a very unique home. However, the cleaning fee is completely offensive, as the house was very messy. The dog was very sweet to me, but very much prefers women to men. There are two young children in the home, who are both very nice, but can be a bit noisy. The bathroom spaces are all very much shared spaces. The neighborhood is nice and clearly very safe, as the front door remains unlocked. True eco house! This is a unique property. There is a nice pond. The green {plant} walls are fantastic. Old house nicely rehabed with beautiful woodwork. the room was on the third floor. They have a large family and the kids are friendly."	0
665	Mateo was a great host. Welcoming and even helpfull when i needed it. The appartement was nice and has a hudge terasse that you dont really see in the picture so thats a plus ! The appartment was nice, exactly as shown on the photos and the location was very convenient( near the subway). Our host was very obliging and helpful, so we had a really great stay!   This place was very clean and in a great location . The host were very friendly and helpful . I would definitely recommend staying here !  My wife and I stayed at Mateos apartment for two weeks in October. We couldnt have asked for a better place. It was clean, comfortable, and quiet. The neighborhood is filled with great restaurants and Mateo provided a long list of recommendations, each suggestion was excellent. Theres an L train stop 2 min from the apartment which gets you into Manhattan in 10 min. Communicating with Mateo was simple and the key exchange was straightforward. Wed recommend Mateos place to anyone looking to stay in Brooklyn and we hope to stay there again when we visit NY next. Very convenient location: there are many nice restaurants and cafes near the apartment, which is only 10 min far away from Manhattan by subway. The apartment was quite clean and exactly as shown in the pictures. The check in and check out process was straightforward.  I would definitely recommend this place. The appartment is well-located, near the Graham Avenue subway on the L line. It does match the pictures, minus some of the audio gear and was clean. It was very quiet during the nights.  Good value for the price. Communication with Mateo was OK although I didnt get to meet him personnally.     2 things to know:   - the mattress in the bedroom is full-size and not queen-size  - if youre using the convertible sofa in the living room, there are no curtains. Its only an issue if you dont like having too much sunlight in the morning. There are no close neighbors that can peek into the living-room. I had a very nice stay at Mateos apartment in Williamsburg.  It was very clean, and tidy and in good order when I arrived. Its not an enormous apartment, but still plenty large enough, and definitely much larger than your average queen size hotel room.     It also has a laundry machine, which is really terrific, and a huge terrace to sit out on. And the building is in a very good location: close to the subway, and major thoroughfares, and in a desirable locale of Wllmsbrg.      Also, Mateo was very friendly and nice to deal with; and his friend who helped me get back into the apartment when I had locked myself out, was also extremely nice, and they both responded very quickly when I locked myself out.    Overall I definitely recommend staying here!    *(the only criticism I would register is that the windows in the living room had no curtain of any kind, which I fixed on my own; everything else though was in very good order) This was a great option for our trip and couldnt have asked for better. The neighborhood was conveniently located and transportation access to the city was a breeze. The apartment was exactly what we needed and the terrace was a big plus. Communication as well as the key exchange was prompt  and hassle free. We will definitely try to stay here again the next time we are in town. My husband and I stayed in this apartment for 9 days and had an enjoyable time.  The pictures represent this apartment well.  We loved the neighborhood, as it felt safe, was close to the L train and had lots of restaurants and coffee shoppes.  The bathroom had a nice strong shower, with a deep bathtub.   The main room really needs a big curtain, as there are apartment buildings that can see right in, especially when it is dark. Other than that, we would stay at this space again.  The host allowed us to check in early, which was a really nice perk!  Matteo was very accomodating, quick to respond to any questions we had before and during our stay. The place is as described, a very quick train away from the middle of downtown Manhattan and a short walk from Williamsburg, too. 	0
666	"La posizione è strategica per chi voglia visitare Manahattan; la fermata della metro è a due isolati e a tre fermate dalla 5th Avenue. Lappartamento è piccolo ma dispone di due camere da letto, cucina con soggiorno e bagno ed è ubicato in un piccolo e caratteristico edificio di fine ottocento; nel complesso è comodo e ideale per due coppie di amici o una famiglia che vogliano contenere i costi. Hi Yusnier,  ich kann nur positives sagen. Die Wohnung war super und aussreichend für uns vier. Geschäfte waren in unmittelbarer nähe, Subway war in 5 min. zu erreichen. Bist sehr sympatisch, locker und ein sehr herzliches mensch.   Danke :-) Excelente!! sin dudar volveria a este departamento en un viaje futuro. Todo esta cerca, comercio supermercado,lavanderia, el subway...Manhattan esta a 15 min en metro. Yusnier siempre respondio a nuestras llamadas y consultas y soluciono de inmediato el que estuvieramos sin (Website hidden by Airbnb) gracias Yusnier!!     logement sympa proche de toute commodité (resto, métro, centre commercial, laverie) à 20 min de laéroport et 10 min de Central park. Propre et sympa, rien ne manque. je recommande vraiment ce lieu.  Yusnier was at his apartment to great us when we arrived.  It was a cozy 2 bedroom, with a futon sofa.  The beds were comfortable.  We really felt like New Yorkers staying here.  The building was a beautiful old walk up.  It was in a quiet area, with a short 5 minute walk to the subway.  There were several groceries and small restaurants around.  We enjoyed our stay here. The reservation was canceled the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Un petit appartement très bien situé et tout près du Métro (10 min.). En moins de 15 minutes vous êtes à Time Square! Quartier sécuritaire et paisible idéal pour notre petite famille ( 2 enfants 10 et 13 ans). De nombreuses commodités à proximité. Notre hôte est disponible pour répondre à nos questions et nous aider si nécessaire. Petit appartement coquet, lits confortables et bonne climatisation. Seul hic de notre 3 jours, des travaux dans lédifice alors pas deau chaude 2 jours sur les trois... Le stationnement dans les rues est possible, il faut chercher parfois un peu loin et bien vérifier les pancartes de stationnenent. Nous y retournerions sans hésitation! Merci Yusnier.  Merci Yusnier pour ce séjour même si je nai pas eu la chance de vous croiser ! Malgré quelques ennuis, vous avez toujours su les résoudre merci à Jenna aussi. Lappartement est très bien situé, on est proche du centre de Manhattan grâce au métro. Lappartement est silencieux, les nuits sont donc reposantes après des journées chargées de visites ! Appartement propre et bien aménagé, quartier cosmopolite très agréable. Je reviendrais avec grand plaisir !  Estancia genial. El apartamento muy limpio y muy cómodo. Perfecto para nosotros.  Cerca de todo:  A 5 minutos del metro y a 15 de Times Square. Muchos comercios en los alrededores para sentirte como uno más del barrio.    The apartment was great and convenient for me to stay at. Manhattan was only a few stops away and the shops were close by. The area was nice and people were friendly Appartement très agréable pour un séjour à New York. Deux chambres confortables. Quartier tranquille. Métro pratique pour tous les lieux à visiter et laéroport JFK. Arrivée et départ facilités grâce à lorganisation de Yusnier. Yusniers place was great. It was exactly as described and suited our family of 6 (2 adults + 4 teens). His directions for the train from the airport his place were very clear. Place was clean and super (Website hidden by Airbnb) of our favorite amenities. There is a Laundromat & Grocery store within a few minutes walking distance from the apartment, which was very conveinant. We look forward to staying at this place again when we visit New York again.  El apartamento de Yusnier is ideal para pasar unos dias en NYC. Esta muy limpio.Tiene todo lo necesario para poder sentirte como en tu casa. Sin lujos pero muy acogedora. Tanto las camas como el sillon son bastante comodos.  El metro esta a 3 minutos andando y en 12 minutos estan en Times Square en metro. Aparcar es gratis y facil lo cual hace aumentar el valor de la estancia ya que aparcar en el centro es bastante caro.  La comunicacion con Yusnier, pese a no haberle conocido personalmente, fue facil, rapida y servicial en todo momento, lo cual te hace sentirte cubierto en caso de cualquier necesidad. lo recomiendo 100% a todo el mundo. Gracias Yusnier y espero que nos veamos pronto. un saludo   We had a lovely stay at Yusniers apartment in Astoria. Astorias a great neighborhood, and while this apartment is on its edge, its still an easy walk to the heart of it. And Manhattan is only 3 stops away via the subway.    Our check in was smooth... Yusnier wasnt there to greet us but his instructions were clear for picking up the keys. The apartment was a good size for a small family, with 2 bedrooms and a separate living room / kitchen area. It got rather warm in the apartment (in December), since the radiator was blasting, so we adjusted the temperature the best we could by using the knobs on the radiator, or (if they did not exist), opening the adjacent windows.     The apartment served our needs well and we would return. Thanks Yusnier! Great value for money, a nice apartment in a very good location - close to the Metro and just about 15 minutes to Manhattan! Not very big but everything you need is there and is in a good condition. Yusnier was very helpful with everything. Thank Yusnier for helping us confirming our accommodation six months before we visit NY. We (five people) stayed in his apartment for two weeks.    Pos: 1. old and small, but clean and cute; 2. has everything you need for a routine life; 3. very strong wifi signal (can even be received outside the apartment); 4. seven mins walk to the subway; 5. lots of shops and stores within ten mins; 6. a very good buffet right at the corner (one mins); 7. very quiet neighborhood and surrounding areas.    Cons: 1. Previous reviews show that the heater was very strong so they had to open windows to adjust the indoor temperatures.  However, during our stay, the heater turned on only twice per night around 8-9pm and around 6-7am. Some of us felt very cold at some nights. Yusnier explained that it is a central heating system which turns on if the outside temperature is lower than a threshold (according to the local law). He said it is very likely that the outside temperature was not low enough to make the system on. But we did feel cold at some nights; 2. do not use hair dryer and microwave at the same time!   El apartamento estaba cerca del metro, a 15 minutos de Times Square. Al lado de tiendas y restaurantes, es una zona residencial segura. El apartamento estaba bastante limpio. La comunicación con Yusnier muy bien, estuvo muy atento y contestó rápido a nuestras dudas. Recomendaría este apartamento para escapadas a New York. Lappartement de Yusnier est conforme à la description. Sa situation géographique est intéressante pour se rendre à Manhattan. The good news: the host was responsive and welcoming. He was out of town, but made sure I had contact info for people in town in case we needed anything.     The place: with the exception of the milk that had rotted in the fridge, the apartment was clean, and generally as described in the ad.    The neighborhood was ok- seemed safe- though very loud at night (typical for New York).     Very convenient to metro stations.    The not so good parts: there wasnt much in the way of charm to the neighborhood. Not many restraurants nearby, and directly across the street is a (loud) auto shop- not ideal for sleeping in.    Parking was problematic- half of the street is 2 hour only metered parking from 9am-7pm. The free parking is very difficult to find a place to park, and with street sweeping 4 days a week, had to keep finding a new place. Spending 30 min each time to park wasnt great.     The building is very old (again, typical for the area), and smelled of turpentine. This was less noticeable once you were in the apartment. Something in the apartment set off allergies big time. Once outside, the symptoms went away. If you have allergies, this may not be the best listing for you.    Family friendly? Only if you want to explain to your kids the sexual act the frog statue next to the tv is depicting.     The area was actually quite decent with shops and a huge supermarket nearby. The building itself looks a bit rough from outside and the stairway is quite dark and a bit dingy. My mum and aunt werent too impressed with the place but for the money i thought it was alright. The accommodation was basic but clean. We had to buy a toaster and kettle as there was none provided.  Though we never met Yusnier, he was very pleasant to deal with and the check in and out was very easy.    Apartamento como descrito nas fotos. Prédio antigo, sem elevadores. Para quem tem sono leve, os quartos são voltados para uma das ruas, onde 3x/semana, caminhões de coleta de lixo faziam o serviço às 5:30AM com muito barulho. Cozinha simples, sem muitos utensílios. Limpeza a desejar. O anfitrião sempre pronto para responder questões. Único trunfo desta acomodação: a sua localização, num bairro simpático, e ao lado de um metrô. We had a nice stay in Yusniers appartment which was absolutely ok for our needs (2 adults/ 3 kids) and centrally located. The only thing we missed was a fifth chair ;) The apartment is great, good localization to visit Manhattan (very close to M and R lines),  full of restaurants and supermarket around, spacious enough for two couples and a kid and clean so what more can you ask for? Oh yes, an excellent communication with Yusnier, the owner, that was always very helpful. So for sure we will consider to repeat in a future and we will recommend this place. Abel. Yusnier is a warm heart person, though I did not see him while my staying. But his oral English is not good, mine is bad too, so we usually use text message. His house is small and old, on 2rd floor, but can do sleep at least 4 adults. Location is good: 3 blocks to Metro station, 1 block to laundry, 4 blocks to restaurants, very safe society. Free parking on street but maybe you need time to find a place. Appartement propre, confortable dans un quartier calme et commode (transports, commerces). Yusnier est très sympathique et très réactif. Logement à recommander.  Apartment clean, comfortable in a quiet and convenient area (transport, shops). Yusnier is very friendly and very responsive. Accommodation recommended. cons: -this might be out of control of Yusnier, and more like an building issue, we had hard time opening the door of the building, sometimes it can be opened some other times, the door just doesnt want to open even we tried ""gently"" as it was instructed.  A couple times somebody else from inside opened me after failing opening the door.  - there living room is very hot if weather outside is around 80F - 90F, there is no air conditioning there, opening windows and fan doesnt help if there are not breeze coming from outside  pros:  - the place is small but clean and organized  - is close to the train station (25 minutes to times square)  - there is a plenty options to eat around the area, pharmacy and convenience stores. u might try the Brazilian buffet which is at the corner, the food is great there with good price. we are from ecuador and the Ecuadorian restaurant that is close has the best Ecuadorian food that i have eaten in the US  -is easy to communicate with Yusnier, for some reason we communicate in english although our first language is spanish               A+ host and A+ communication. Highly recommend.  Yusnier is a good host. Everytime I need informations he answered me fast. The localization is ok, near from Subway, stores, restaurants, coffee e more. The neiborhood is very familiar and friendly. Nos alojamos 2 matrimonios en el departamento y la hemos pasado genial. Se respeto nuestra intimidad y a la vez, cuando necesitamos ayuda por un desperfecto ocasionado por nosotros, Yusnier vino al instante para solucionarlo. El departamento es muy limpio y esta muy bien ubicado, a 3 cuadras del metr (Website hidden by Airbnb) con ellos llegar a Manhattan en 15 minutos. Gracias Yusnier! tidy and clean. Foi minha primeira experiência com AIRBNB. Confesso que foi diferente do que imagina, mas acabou sendo mto prazeroso. O local é gostoso, de fácil acesso para todos os pontos de NY e, facilmente, repetiria a dose. Yusnier e a Jenna responderam todas as minhas dúvidas, e olha que não foram poucas. Obrigada por tudo. Abraços, Alice Place fits the description. My friends and I were in New York for 3 days and Yusnier apartment is very conveniently located to the metro, so we could easily get to the center Manhetana. Housing fits the description. The car we parked under the windows was convenient. Yusnier was great. My friends and I missed a connection at LaGuardia, and he responded super fast. In short notice, he got the apartment ready for us for that night! Exactly what we  needed for a short stay for getting in and out of the city.  5 minutes from the Subway. Parking in the street at weekend was convenient. It smelled of gas but was told it was normal because it is an old building. Very basic but good location. Yusnier has made his apartment as welcoming as possible, using bright Caribbean colors to warm up an old, timeworn space. Having two real, separate bedrooms with good beds was a plus.  The 3rd floor location was relatively close to transit, with quite a bit of street noise (the auto repair shop across the street, especially).  The apartment was priced to take these things into consideration, however.  Can recommend if you want to explore NYC on a budget, need two bedrooms, and an old building doesnt scare you.   2 weeks before i start my vacation i send Yusnier an email but no reply. When i am in Taipei i send him again email and sms to his phone and not a single reply. Not until I am in airport going to New York then that is the time i recieved his reply on how to get the keys !!! Apartment is as what is in the description. Fine. Clean and comfortable. Good Location.   Very nice location! The apartment was clean and cosy. Communication was easy.  Very flexible with checking in/out. Definitely recommend this place! Its a 5 stars choice ;)) Communication with Yusnier was very easy. Apartment was  old but clean and comfortable.  Metro station is very close and Manhattan is few stops away. There are nice restaurants in the area. If you look for a affordable place to stay in New York, we definately recommend it. Appartamento in buona posizione rispetto alla metro e supermercati. Attrezzato e pulito ma necessita di grossa manutenzione. Porta di ingresso e finestre non perfettamente funzionanti. Mobili della cucina molto vecchi. The experience that my guests and I had, started off good, but didnt turn out as such. The place was exactly like it looks in the pictures and is cozy enough if youre going to be out and about in the city during the day. The neighborhood, though it seemed rough, was actually very nice and the people there were friendly. It even provided some good hangout spots. However, our trip ended on a very bad note due to the fact that the electricity kept going out during the week. On four occasions, the host had to be notified so that we could have had power restored to us. Thankfully it came back on, but it became a huge annoyance and even a potential threat to our safety as we only learnt on the last day that there is a problem with the electricity in the building and whenever we used the microwave oven, it cause the electricity to go. As a paying customer, this is highly unacceptable as I find it very unfair to have to pay full price for something with serious faults, especially as I was not told about the severity of the problem before hand. I think this apartment needs to be rewired or whatever before it is used again by Airbnb users, as it is a huge liability and can be hazardous if the electrical problem continues. I will not be recommending this spot to anyone.  Flat old but clean. Recurring problema With wifi. Otherwise very good area, close to Subway And Manhattan. Rather cheap for those looking for that.  The listing is accurate except that the WIFI was slow for some reason. But because we spent most of the day outside, we did not bother Yusnier with the WIFI problem.  Wer eine 5 Sterne Unterkunft zu diesem Preis erwartet ist hier falsch. Die Anbindung in die City und die weiteren Gestaltungsmöglichkeiten vor Ort sind gut. Alles in allem haben wir uns wohl gefühlt.  Accomodation was as discribed. Great location only a few blocks from the subway giving easy access to Manhatten. Apartment is on the 3rd floor with no lift although not a lot of stairs to climb. Would recommend if visiting New York on a budget. Es una excelente opción de hospedaje, si el plan es pasear el dia entero. Ya que se encuentra cerca del metro y a diez minutos de los puntos mas visitados.   Lugar limpio , y acogedor.   Gracias por todo. We stayed for four nights at Yusniers flat and it was a good stay. The house is very old but Yusnier tried to make it nice. We had two minor problems and we needed to contact Yusnier and both were all solved soon. I think the whole house needs some refreshment but thats not his fault. The nights were not so good for us because of the street noise. But I think thats typical for NYC and Yusniers flat just seems to be quite authentical for that city.  We had a fantastic stay in the apartment.  Located convenient to the subway, local restaurants and shops.  Yusnier is very easy to talk to and accommodating.  We would stay here again, and would recommend this location. Yusnier was very helpful and gave us all our information to make our arrival and departure easy and smooth! Apartment was exactly as described and very clean and comfortable! Lots of great places that delivered late at night around as well as a very close subway stop that made going back and forth to Manhattan easy! Would definitely recommend!  Yusniers home was as described. The apartment is located in a really convenient and tranquil location. Easily accessible to public transportation which made it easy to get around. Plenty of restaurants and bars in the area.  Cleanliness & Order: The apartment was very well kept. The apartment has more than a reasonable amount of space for 2-3 people.   Communication: Yusnier was very easy to reach which made everything easier.   Overall I would give this place and stay 5/5 stars.  Thank you Yusnier  The WIFI and the heating did not work. If you are going to stay during Winter, would not recommend!!! You either get super hot like a sauna temperature or ice cold no heating at all. Would not recommend a staying here if you are travelling during the Winter. The heating is not controlled by the apartment its apparently maintained by the facility and its poorly maintained if at all! Also WIFI is crap here. The metro transit has better WIFI than this place! One good thing location. The host canceled this reservation 7 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Útil si se dispone de un presupuesto bajo. Lappartement est conforme à la description, le bâtiment est vieux mais lappartement est bien entretenu. Pas de point de comparaison mais cela semble être le cas pour une grande partie des appartements à New York. Il est agréable pour un court séjour. Attention quand même, l’hôte ne donne les informations quau dernier moment malgré plusieurs messages de relances et intervention de la part dAirBnb. Nous avons même pensé devoir trouver une solution durgence. Difficile pour sorganiser. Le Wifi na pas fonctionné le 1er jour. Nous navons pas utilisé lune des deux chambres ni la cuisine mais pour ce qui est de notre lit le matelas est à changer ; la salle de bain était très propre bien quun peu vétuste. Le quartier est calme et lappartement est situé proche du métro qui emmène en 20-30 minutes à Manhattan. Location for public transit was great. Also it was nice to have local food joints menus available to us. However, I would recommend not staying here in the summer heat. There is a window A/C unit in one of the bedrooms but the air circulation is non-existent. We tried having the ceiling fans on top speed or cracking the windows with no success. Also checking in was difficult due to the key to the outside door not being available. It was supposedly placed outside on a post yet no where to be found on check-in. We let Yusnier know but it took a few hours to finally get a key. Which meant we were stuck outside for a few hours. The building is old so be prepared for creaky floors, cracked walls, and everyone to hear your toilet symphony. If you dont mind a little night sweat and an old building this could be the place for you.  Very close to the Subway! Rooms were nice and cool, and the beds were comfy! The building is old, but we didnt mind since the apartment was a reasonable price and the location close to Manhattan.  Yusnier was a good host. It was really sunny when we were in New York and due to that even the rooms were a little hot when we entered but after sometime everything seemed fine. The place was quiet and Yusnier was quick at response. Thank you for letting us stay. Apartment is very small, Beds were pretty comfortable. There was a very small tv that had no signal or cable or options to watch.  but the wifi worked Atleast. There are cracks coming down the wall and the walls arent the cleanliest. The building is pretty sketchy looking. Very rough appearance There are serval bags in the stairwell next to apartment. The front door to the building is very old and beat down. The hallway walls were rough and pealing off.  You can tell he resides in the space. My check in time was pushed back because the host was working but he accommodated me with extra time for checking out. Ive had better Airbnb experiences but the inside of the apartment wasnt the worst. Beds were okay, & apartment was clean for the most part The appartment is near the subway station and only 20 min from central Manhattan. The host was helpful during the weekend, he helps us on every issue we got at the appartment, but he is difficult to reach. Yusniers place is as advertised. It is a nice small apartment a couple of blocks away from Steinway street subway station which makes it super convenient to travel to and from Manhattan. The building itself is old and a bit creaky, but his apartment had everything I and my friends needed for a comfortable stay. Great affordable place to stay if you need a place not too far from Manhattan! Vous dites que vous pouvez loger 6 personnes , mais vous avez 4 chaises, dont une cassée, 3 assietes, 2 bols, 3 verres, 3 tasses. Cest un peu juste même pour 4 personnes. Lappartement est effectivement propre mais très vieux, non seulement limmeuble, mais tout à lintérieur. La climatisation fait un bruit incroyable et on a peur de la laisser allumer longtemps.  Par contre il est effectivement très bien situé, à 20min de Manathan, cest le seul point positif.  Yusnier avait oublié de nous envoyer les explications pour rentrer dans lappartement, nous avons du nous débrouiller pour trouver la clé et rentrer dans le hall. Nous avons eu beaucoup de chance car Yusnier était injoignable. Lappartement de Yuisner était conforme à sa description et propre même si situé dans un vieil immeuble. Bien placé, 2 stations de métro sont accessibles à moins de 500 m (5-10 min à pied) et vous emmènent à Manhattan en 10-15 minutes. È tutto ottimo, la casa , la posizione vicino alla metro, cè solo un po di rumore a causa delle finestre esterne alla strada, lunica pecca è che Yusnier non mi ha risposto alle mail in cui gli chiedevo le informazioni sul check-in visto che il mio volo atterrava in tarda serata, con dei bambini piccoli a presso. Solo una volta arrivati a New York ho ricevuto la sua mail del check-in. Del resto tutto bene, consiglio questo appartamento perché oltre ad essere vicino alla metro, è molto economico ed adatto alle famiglie. I stayed at Yusniers place for a week in Sep with my mother, my brother and a friend of him. In pictures the apt seems to be bigger then it really is and far more new. The apt, the building are very old so lots of the things, such as the bath, the kitchen, the floors, the conditioner are worn out and seem to be dirty. On the other hand, the things that are clearly New like the toilet, the fridge are far more better. The Wi-Fi is perfect.  The Hours is near the subway station but it will take you 15-20 minutes to go to the center.  I never saw Yusnier during my stay, but he sent me lots of messages; he gave us instructions by mail about where we can find the keys at our arrival.  Finally, if you want a cheap solution i think you can try with this apt. But i suggest of looking for the accomodation in advance so that you can probably find something with the same price in Manhattan. Una gran experiencia. Appartement dans un quartier calme. Conforme à nos besoins, très (Website hidden by Airbnb) ne reste plus quà faire quelques petits embellissements et ce sera top!!! Sinon, Yusnier a tjs répondu rapidement à mes questions via Airbnb. Au final, nous avons été très content de notre séjour chez lui!!!!! Good location, near the Subway. The appartment was clean and Yusnier is a very good host, he answered fast our questions and he was very helpful. Yusnier was very helpful & accommodating! This location is close to good food trucks & train station!"	0
667	The description is accurate. Everything was fine, clean and fresh! I enjoyed staying in Janelles apartment.  Very comfortable unit for a family of 5. We all had our own space and room to relax. I really enjoyed the balcony (which I didnt see in the listing) in the morning and evenings. The unit is very quiet with the windows closed. Only a short walk to Central Park and endless bars, restaurants, and shops.   Thanks you Janelle and Nick, the apartment was lovely, very clean, well communicate, fast internet, very confortable, premium furnitures, also apartment well located near subway station.    The communication with Janelle and Nick was easy, fast, they were always available for attend us anytime.    No doubt we will return to nyc to Janelles apartment in the future.    Thanks you. We had a fantastic trip.  Our accommodation was bright, spacious and fully equipped.  It was quiet and close to the subway.  The apartment is exactly as it appears in the photos. We found this a very spacious, practical and comfortable apartment for our family of 5 people, with three bedrooms, two bathrooms and a large, open-plan living area. It has four air-conditioning units which are quiet, effective and easy to use.    It is well located for Central Park and the subway (96th Street) with several shops and museums within easy walking distance.  This made it easy for us to come back from the Downtown area during the day to rest before going out again.  It was generally well equipped, including good wifi and a huge TV ( for watching the Olympics!).     We were mainly self-catering and the kitchen lacked a few essential things but when we raised it, the person looking after us (and living in the building) provided them immediately.  We found that there was a lack of hot water, even when we let it run for quite a while.     There is major building work going on in the street alongside the building, but this didnt really bother us.     Overall this was a great place to stay and we would recommend it, especially to families.  Very good. The room really clean. Great location, amazingly close to subway, museums and park.   Host was very helpful on our arrival and gave us everything we needed to get the keys and move in for a weeks stay. Apartment is within a short walk of several museums and the park, with a few good cafes close by for coffee and breakfast. The A/C in the unit was key, as temperatures were above 90 degrees F for most of our stay.   Note: theres a bit of construction going on around the unit as of this writing, so it might be worth checking up on the status of construction, as it creates some noise in the morning. The host canceled this reservation 8 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Nice place to stay ! Janelle is very accommodating and her penthouse is clean and very pleasant ! Great place !  Check-in was smooth even though we arrived very late in the night. Stay was comfortable especially with kids. Location was convenient, close to groceries, restaurants, attractions, etc. Overall, a very memorable trip for us. Die Buchung und der Kontakt mit Janelle haben reigungslos geklappt. Nick hat uns empfangen und war sehr hilfsbereit. Die Wohnung war so, wie auf den Fotos, es hat uns an nichts gefehlt. Toll war, dass wir am Tag der Abreise dank Nick unsere Koffer noch in der Wohung lassen konnten und erst am Abend abholen mussten. Die Umgebung ist sicher und die Einkaufsmöglichkeiten für Essen gut erreichbar. Janelle is very nice and friendly. This is my first time to book an apartment on airbnb and have a good experience. The pictures are same as the apartment. Thanks for very comfortable house.  This is a large upper east side apartment. It worked very well for our stay. They provide sheets, towels, and some basic kitchen items. There is definitely an issue with the hot water, or lack thereof. No one had a consistently hot shower the entire time we were there. Other than that I would recommend.  The listing on this site was not actually where we ended up staying. It was accidentally already book so Janelle offered us a different apartment in the same building that wasnt listed. The apartment was equally as nice and the location was great. There were 4 of us and we fit very comfortably and each had our own space (you could easily fit 3 couples if needed). The location was great, only about a 2-3 min walk to the train station and about a 10-15 min train ride to Times Square. We ended up in the city about an hour earlier than planned and we were just going to wander around until check in time but Janelle just had us check with Nick to see if everything was all set (and it was) so we could check in early. Nick was great and met us at the apartment and showed us around and how to work everything. Overall, for my first Air BnB expierence it was a very good one and I would definitely do it again.  The stay at Janelles place is excellent.  The location is very good, and on a safe neighborhood. Multiple choice of groceries and supermarkets are nearby, and the access to the public transport is very good. It is located very close to East 96th subway station, only a short ride to Fifth Avenue. Central Park is also quite close by.  The apartment is also very clean. The bedrooms are all comfortable and clean. All of the pillows and sheets are good and clean.  The living room is spacious and comfortable. Heating is easily adjusted with a thermostat, and heating is good. Kitchen is also well equipped, with modern microwave, stove, and a great knife set.  Wi-fi is fast and wonderful, and could cover the entire place. The check in by Nicky is also excellent, really helpful and really on time.  Great stay!   Janelle was very communicative and flexible. She allowed for an early check-in to accommodate people arriving from out of town. The location is great and the space is perfect for a group.  Our stay at Janelles place was wonderful! It perfectly suited the needs of our large group of seven girls! I think this statement alone should say enough! The apartment was clean and incredibly spacious. The beds were comfortable. Previous reviews mentioned issues with the hot water - we had no such problems. The location is great and within walking distance to the subway, grocery stores, and restaurants. I highly recommend Janelles place and would gladly stay there again! We spent one month in the apartment. It is very spacious, clean, well designed and nicely furnished. Very convenient for a family.  Location is great with regards to public transportation: subways line Q and 6 close by and M15 around the corner.  The place is as described, nice, clean and equipped. It sits just a few meters from the subway entrance and also bus stop. It can accommodate 2 couples and 2 kids. Nick the guy responsible for everything is very friendly and helpful, willing to help in anything you may need. The only issue that we should share is the lack of blackout blinds/shutters on the bedrooms windows. Great location and really clean and tidy.  The subway is one block away! Perfect for a family visit to NY Great space and a great location. Minimum noise and a block away from Q train for easy access to the city center. Lots of space.  My family enjoyed their stay in New York thanks to this spacious and modern apartment. The pictures are exact representations. The 2nd avenue subway made it super convenient to move around the city! This is a must-stay for big families/groups looking to relax and enjoy their time in NYC. Thanks Janelle! Adoramos o espaço. Os quartos são amplos, a cozinha equipada, banheiros em boas condições. O apto é próximo a 2 linhas de metrô (Website hidden by Airbnb) que torna fácil a locomoção. Pequenos detalhes (como colocar uma cortina blackout que efetivamente bloqueie a claridade em todos os quartos) tornaria nossa estada mais agradável, especialmente pq nossas crianças tiveram dificuldades na adaptação com a claridade do sol da manhã.  We were a family of 7 spanning 3 generations in a week long stop to NYC. The apartment is just blocks away from the metro making connectivity amazing. The building has a provision to accept parcels in your absence, making online shipping possible. There is 1 apartment on every floor, giving you tremendous privacy. The apartment itself is so airy and naturally lit you quickly forget you are in the most densely populated city in the world. Its a great apartment with all necessary amenities. strong recommendation.  We were taking our three teenage kids to New York for the first time and stayed at Janelles apartment for four nights. It was excellently situated near two subway stations for easy access to downtown central areas. The place is exactly as described and the pictures do it justice. Nick, who welcomed us, was very helpful & friendly, allowing us to check in early and replacing a blind which had broken. The kids appreciated the large TV and great wifi and we were all really glad of the AC units in the summer heat. I was happy with the washing machine & dryer and kitchen facilities though would have preferred some basic ingredients such as salt & pepper and a less basic selection of cooking equipment but I guess this is New York where everyone expects to eat out. The other small niggle were the several broken blinds which covered the windows but you couldnt pull up & down but Im sure this will soon be sorted out.  Overall this is a great large apartment for a family or group needing a great place to stay in NYC Todo perfecto, muy buena ubicación, cerca del metro, podría tener mejor vajilla y utensilios de cocina. Overall a great place to stay while visiting the Big Apple! Great location for my visiting family! Janelle was a great host. This is the best place weve had in NYC.  The apartment has an elevator to a private landing.  The gentleman at check in/out was very sweet and helpful.  Inside it is spacious and comfortable.  The kitchen and laundry worked well.  WiFi was strong.  The neighborhood is very quiet and its easy to get a train or car, especially with a very short walk to 2nd or 3rd.  Close by are Starbucks, CVS, grocers, and a funky wine shop called Vinyl Wines.  Well be back. Great location. Everything is exactly as described. I was worried about the hot water as many other people had said that was an issue, but the water was always hot and it was never a problem. There were 7 of us and we all got hot water every time. The people are really nice and accommodating. Definitely recommend! Janelles apartment is removed from the bustling tourist areas of midtown and located instead in a nice residential area with schools, apartments, a hospital, and local restaurants. Located 1 block from Manhattans newest Q subway line, the apartment is just one quick subway ride away from anywhere you could want to go, including 42nd St and Central Park. Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts, Taco Bell, a CVS and other popular cheap eats and convenience stores were all very close. We were in and out of the apartment, sometimes late at night, but we always felt very safe. Inside, the apartment was beautiful. Simple, modern furniture, ceiling to floor windows, a full kitchen, washer and dryer, hardwood floors, a balcony, and very nice, clean bathrooms, all located on a private 4th floor in a 6 floor building. Perhaps most importantly,  the building was very safe, with a callbox and camera, 2 locked doors, an elevator, and a final door with a deadbolt. All in all, I recommend staying here and would CERTAINLY stay here again. Thank you, Janelle! This apartment is very comfortable, clean and convenient.  Janelles place was great. Great location, great size, beds were very comfortable. We loved that there was a large open kitchen/living area for us to spend time in. The location of her place is very convenient to the subway and other amenities (restaurants, bars, shops, etc.) We spent a girls weekend here in February with 6 women. Beds were comfortable. Great location, felt safe, tons of room in the place.	1
668	Hallies place was very clean, neat and accessible. One flight up, quiet building. Bathroom especially clean, which I appreciate. Easy to deal with. Id actually want to arrange another stay on my next trip. Small studio in old building on East 4th Street. Good for one, maybe two. Neighborhood is lively, especially at night, but apartment is quiet, since it is in the back of the building. This may be its best feature.    As in many NYC apartments in older buildings, there were a few quirks, such as a nonworking gas stove. However, host was honest about explaining that the landlord provided a 2 burner electric stovetop and a toaster oven. The stovetop worked well. I did not try the oven.    Communication was fast and easy. Host went out of her way to answer questions and provide helpful information about the surroundings and location of things she thought might be of help and of interest. The key tradeoff was simple and efficient.    Admittedly, I was a little annoyed that the actual charge did not exactly reflect the daily rates on the airbnb availability calendar.   Also, I did do some cleaning, but that might just be my perfectionist side.    All in all, I was glad for the quiet and the ease of communication.  They made the visit a good one. Hallie was a great host! She was quick to respond to all my questions which I really appreciate.    The place is cosy and clean, perfect for 1-2 pax, anymore would be pushing it. Best part is the apt is in a nice and upcoming neighborhood in NY called East Village so is close to everything. Didnt cook so cant really comment but it did appear she had all the basics if you need to cook. Bathroom was clean and place had really fast wifi.    Overall great experience, it was my first time using airbnb and it was great to have chosen Hallies place!     Hallie sounded like a sweet person, we didnt actually meet her during our check in but it wouldve been nice if we could have.   The location of her apartment was close to a lot eateries, subways and shops. East Village is a really nice area to stay at.  The apartment wasnt insulated as much, you can hear the neighbors going up and down the stairs and also the apartment directly above Hallies apartment. It was a small but very cozy apartment. I enjoyed it more cause I fell ill with a bad flu from the first day we checked in and stayed in the apartment most of the days we were in NYC.  Hallies bed was absolutely comfortable, and the kitchen is equipped with what we needed. It could use a microwave though!   Hallie was a super awesome person to communicate with, she answered our questions quickly and was very welcoming!   I would recommend this apartment to anyone who wants to be situated in a super awesome location ;) Hallies place was perfect. Bigger than it looks in photos and lots of space for us to live there for a month. Great area in EV too.  Excelente hospitalidade e lugar bem localizado ao lado do metrô. Recomendo.	0
669	"I really enjoyed staying at Dimitrys place. Its not an apt. Its a home, on a great location. The train station is not far and everything is closed by( restaurants, supermarkets, laundry and etc...). I would definitely stay there again! Thanks for everything !  Ps: I loved the lavender bar soap that you left for the bathroom :-)   Dimitry and his girlfriend are very kind, they are available for any questions. The flat is nice and well situated, we spent very good holidays.  The location is wonderful - close to restaurants, drugstores and small grocery places.  Dmitry and Chris could not have been nicer. Surprisingly quiet for a NY apartment!  I would stay there again. Dmitry was a great host.  Check-in was easy and everything in the apartment matched the description.  The place is a true (yet small) 1 br, so two people could stay there comfortably.  Although the apartment is on the first floor, the noise from the street is minimal. When we arrived Dmitry was there with his girlfriend. Very nice people. Everything was fine. The apartment was clean and is really central. Dmitry is a great guy, very friendly and helpful.  The neighborhood was convenient to Central Park and the subway, with lots of options for shopping, dining and pub-crawling.  The room was small and cozy, as described.  However, we were a bit disappointed in the level of housekeeping and amenities for us as guests. Bien situado Pretty good location, easy walk to Central Park and possible albeit long walk to time square. Very quiet street yet still close to shops and restaurants. Apartment generally warm and cosy. However, we did not have a good experience due to poor housekeeping. Eg. Rotting food in fridge, personal clutter everywhere, greasy kitchen. Basically we werent able to use the kitchen so we used the apartment as a place to crash. We raised these issues with the host and while we did come to some form of resolution, the host was quite defensive throughout and this ruined our stay.  One of the easiest Airbnb stays Ive ever had! Apartment is in a great location and has everything you need to have a comfortable stay. Its also very well decorated and a bright fun place to spend time.  Dimitri made our stay very pleasant. Because of our delay we were very late in NYC and we couldnt get to the apartment on time. Dimitri let us stay at his own apartment, the best! Very nice people and very helpfull! The apartment is at a great location in Upper East, near Central Park and near the subway. A great place to start your day in NYC.  Lappartement est idéalement placé si vous souhaitez être un peu au calme. (10 minutes du métro et 3 minutes du bus). La literie est confortable. Dmitry et Khrys sont accueillants et de bon conseil. Dmitry war leider krank und konnte so nicht direkt die Schlüssel übergeben, da er in einem anderen Stadtteil wohnt. Leider wussten wir das erst bei Anreise in NYC. Da ich nicht direkt erreichbar war, dauerte es etwas, das herauszufinden. Wir haben uns dann mit seiner Freundin für die Schlüsselübergabe in der Stadt getroffen, nicht am Apartment. Das ist, wenn man sich nach so einer langen Reise aus Europa erstmal orientieren muss, natürlich etwas anstrengend.  Beide haben aber ihr Bestes versucht, uns die Schlüssel zu geben. Das war einfach unvorhergesehnen.   Die Wohnung liegt etwa 10-15min von der Bahn und war ein wenig schmuddeliger, als auf den Bildern. Solche Dinge wie ein defektes Waschbecken im Bad oder ein Vermieter, für den man dann eine Ausrede parat haben sollte, haben einen schlechten Beigeschmack. Hier und beim Thema Sauberkeit gibt es Punktabzüge.  Ansonsten eine nette Bleibe für ein paar wenige Tage und nette Anbieter.  Dmitrys appartment is located in the Upper East pretty close to Central Park. It is the perfect place to stay for a New York adventure. All kinds of restaurants, shops and little supermarkets are in the neighborhood and also the subway stations to go downtown are within walking distance.  The apparment itself is small however nicely decorated and very very clean. Perfect for two people. Moreover Dmitry has been a very caring host, who answered upcoming questions immediately. We felt ""at home"" in his appartement and would totally recommend it to others!!! I greatly enjoyed my stay in this apartment. It was exactly as described, clean, and in a great location. Check-in and check-out was a breeze. Would highly recommend.  the flat was nice, cosy and clean. we found everything we needed during our stay.   we met with Dmitrys girlfriend who was very nice and helpful. Dmirty was checking on us and offered any help to make our stay more comfortable.   i definitely recommend their flat, its perfect location for sight seeing and enjoying NYC. We didnt have any problem while our staying in Dmitris apartment. The location is well placed, only 3 blocks from the underground and its easy to reach all the main sightseeing from the apartment.   Dimitri and his fiancé were so lovely! They greeted us at the door and helped us with our bags. Everything was ready for us and very comfortable. Good location and the Cambodian restaurant next door was delicious! Thanks for having us :) Dmitri was very accommodating when I told him I would be late on the day of arrival and responded to all communications promptly. Dmitry is a very nice person and was very fast to communicate with us. He met me to deliver the key and show the apartment. The apartment looked like in the pictures and the space was perfect for two friends travelling together. The apartment could have been a little bit cleaner, but if you dont mind - this is a very good place for a vacation in New York. We spend most of our days outside exploring the city, and only needed a place to sleep. The location was great and we had a fantastic time in New York.  Dmitry was very kind, communicative, and accommodating. The apartment is small, but I was in town for a conference at the Weill Medical Center, which was a short walk away. Perfect for what I needed. Were from suburbia and are not accustomed to Manhattan-sized units, but it had everything we needed! Thank you!  The location of Dmitrys appartment couldnt be better, perfect for our 3 day stay in the city. Its rather old and because of that not the cleanest, but we didnt really care since we only spent time there to sleep ;-) Excellent Experience. Great host (good communication and everything was fast). I totally recommend this place. Sencillo, a 10/15 min. andando del metro y con paradas de bus cercanas, la cama comoda y necesaria para descansar bien despues de estar todo el dia visitando la ciudad, la limpieza se podria mejorar pero todo ordenado, hemos pasado una estancia tranquila y sin problemas,  calle tranquila y sin apenas ruido, cosa que se agradece teniendo en cuenta que es nueva york. Buena comunicacion con el anfitrion y rapida contestacion a dudas con mensajes.wifi y restaurantes y supermercados 24h abiertos cercanos, recomiendo comer pizza en lunetta pizza, sus empleados amables y oscar en especial. Although we didnt meet Dmitry in person, he did all he could and went extra mile to make our stay comfortable and enjoyable. Communication was excellent and prompt. Apartment is on excellent location and easy to find, many restaurants and grocery stores around and subway was 5 blocks away, but there was a bus line just at the corner and Roosevelt Island tramway was 3 minutes away on foot.   We loved our stay there and hope to stay there again!   This was hands down the worst Airbnb experience Ive had. Mice! Need I say more. Recomendo a todos o apartamento. Ideal para 3 pessoas. Localização ótima e vizinhança tranquila. Perto de metro, mercados 24h, restaurantes. Tivemos uma ótima experiência em NYC!!  Dmitrys apartment is in an awesome location with plenty of restaurants etc around and super easy to get to the subways and only a 15-20min walk to central park! Down side was that it really wasnt the cleanest, which was such a shame, and there was no blanket (only sheets) for the bed, so on our first night we went and purchased one - lucky there was a Bed, Bath and Beyond just down the road! In saying that though the space is great (small but great!), well decorated, perfect for what we needed--we were in NY for 2 weeks! Dmitrys communication and care for us having a good stay was great! I would definitely recommend this place, you feel like a true New Yorker! Appartement situé à 10 bonnes minutes de marche du métro mais qui a lavantage dêtre en plein Manhattan et dans un quartier très sympa (commerces, restos).  Dmitry nous a reçu directement à lappartement le premier jour et nous lavons également croisé de nouveau durant notre séjour. Il sest montré adorable, nous a donné beaucoup didées de restos à proximité et sest inquiété des différents besoins que nous pouvions avoir. Nous pouvions le contacter par (Hidden by Airbnb) et il répondait très vite.  Seul petit bémol : la propreté de lappartement. Dire que lappartement est sale serait sans doute exagéré mais il nest clairement pas propre non plus. Dmitry og hans kone er nogle meget flinke og imødekommende mennesker. De svarer hurtigt hvis man skriver til dem , og sørger for at problemet bliver løst.   Lejligheden er spartansk men fungerer fint og god til prisen .   Beliggenheden er meget centralt. The apartment is very well located, 10 min away from Lex-59 station and 15/20 min from central park. Dmitry would proactively check if we were comfortable and was very flexible with our check in and check out times. I Would definitely recommend it for 1 or 2 people going on vacations to explore NYC. The apartment is small but has everything you need (except for a microwave!). Safe neighborhood and not too far from main subway stops.   D & K were great hosts. Very attentive and quick to respond when I had questions. Plenty of towels and sheets, basic toiletries, hair dryer. A/C unit and radiator heat to control the temperature. No TV, but they did have Wi-Fi.   The building is old so kind of noisy and the apartment is up one flight of narrow stairs. But it is close to lots of great restaurants and drug stores.   The full size bed in the bedroom was comfy, but squeaked a bit. The futon in the living room was not very comfortable, so wouldnt suggest it for more than a night or two.   I would stay here again in a heartbeat!  Appartement bien situé, à 10min du métro et bien desservi, de bonne taille pour new york, (même si petite cuisine). A noter présence dun sèche cheveux et appart mal insonorisé vs les voisins, mais chambre au calme sur cours.  Dimitry très sympathique pas envahissant, et très facile à contacter si besoin.  Très chouette séjour dune semaine dans cette super ville ! Ubicación bien, el lugar deja mucho que desear. Dimitry and Cris were very sweet and received our bags in his work in the morning. They showed themselves  very worried with us in many aspects. Only one thing ruined our stay: the apartament was fielthy and terribly nasty and dirty. From feces from the previous guests in the toilet, to mold in the shower courtain, with a grass crust in the bathtub also from the previous guests, this was a nightmare. The sheets and pillows smelled as old stuff stored for too long, so for me that am alergic, it made me pretty sick. The neighborhood was lovely, though a bit far from the subway station. Everything is very expensive in the area, but there are several great restaurants. Overall, they were good hosts except by charging us for a cleaning fee and ""doing it"" in 5 minutes while we were waiting outside. I ended up cleaning the aparment myself, to make it livable, so we delivered the apartment in better conditions than what we found. We were promised clean towels after a week we were there, but they also never came. In the top of that, we needed to lie about being airbnbs, since the landlord and neighbors could not know we were paying for the stay. I wouldnt stay there again. Not even if it was free. The price is Ok for the location and the apartament, but the fact that it was not cleaned for a while made us pretty upset. We solved that by spending all our time out, and the trip ended up being lovely, but since I got sick from the dirty and mold, the bill in the ER and the pharmacy spents made impossible for us to be happy about this place. Centralt läge i ett hus där det bor vanligt folk i ett område med gott om billiga, trevlig restauranger. Kallt vintertid från dragiga fönster och med element som bara var på stundtals. Rätt slitet nu, men ska målas och upprustas. Vi träffade aldrig värden men han var trevlig och tillmötesgående. Good location and host. Although the shower drains slower than it fills up and no tv :( Le séjour a été très agréable et notre hôte a été à nos soins pendant toute la durée du voyage. Lappartement est spacieux, très bien situé, à proximité des quartiers touristiques, monuments et musées incontournables. Quelques restaurants et bars très tendances environnent lappartement et le métro est à quelques blocks ! Je recommande vivement ! Dimitry has been a terrible host. He has never appeared since it is normal in the different contracted housings, He invoked difficulties of schedules. The apartment, though it has a good location, lacks the comforts explained in the Airbnb website. We had explained clearly that we nedeed two beds and the sofa of the living, though it could spread to two squares, was impossible to sleep there. We find the apartment full of things left by previous guests: secondhand soap, lack of the minimal hygiene,  full of used sheets and smelly pillows,  closets with inability to accommodate our things. Really I warn future guests of this situation that we have suffered with my friend.  I highlight the lack of respect of the host to respond with falsehoods to our claims. I strongly do not recommend this apartmente because do not have  the characteristics explained by the host in Airbnb.  I will never go there again !!  Die Wohnung ist klein, sehr einfach, aber in guter Lage. D. ist ein toller Gastgeber und war sehr freundlich und aufmerksam.  Dmitri a été formidable dés notre arrivée où nous avons pu convenir dun rdv pour récupérer les clés en avance. Dmitri a été disponible pendant toute la phase de réservation et même sur place!  Lappartement est situé en bas de lUpper à 10 min à pieds de plusieurs stations de métro. Autour il y a des bars, des restaurants mais le coin reste relativement calme! Aucune nuisance! Une nouvelle fois je remercie Dmitri pour son aide et son écoute durant notre séjour!!  Ottima posizione! Abbiamo avuto alcuni problemi con il check-in e soprattutto con la pulizia della casa (bagno e lenzuola del letto sporche).. Lambiente però è spazioso e vivibile. Très bon séjour, lhôte était à lécoute il nous as beaucoup aider avant le voyages mais aussi pendant . Appartement tres bien situer  Lappartement est super bien situé et spacieux. Dimitry est vraiment très gentil et accueillant. Par contre petite déception sur la propreté et le bruit des voisins. Mais sinon nous étions dans un bon quartier proche de tout  Place is tiny but has everything you need plus great location close to metro, buses, lots of shops around, walking distance to the Central Park, Museums, etc. Dmitry was absolutely great to deal with, flexible check-in and check-out, always quick responses. Would definitely book again Great place, perfect localisation, nice, friendly, helpful and very reactive. Thanks again D! It was amazing experience! The host answered all the questions, the neighbour is very accurate and safe! Will definetely recommend! the apartment is in a quiet neighbourhood, quite convenient and not far principal visits , and D answered very quickly at everytime. we havent met him but he stays available. Nhésitez pas à réserver cette appartement pour votre séjour!! Bien situé, au calme pour dormir !! Lhôte est disponible est à lécoute !! Encore merci Nice apartment in a good location. I was pleasantly surprised how quite the place is given the central location. Appartement plutôt bien placé, à proximité des métros et bus. Central Park accessible à pied en 15 minutes, Times Square en 40. Assez au calme pour la ville, mais en comptez pas dormir sur le canapé-lit (pas du tout confortable). D est assez disponible par mail, mais nous ne lavons pas rencontré. El apartamento es pequeño pero suficiente si lo que quieres es visitar la ciudad. Dmitry fue amable y atento de que todo estuviera bien, incluso pudimos entrar en el apartamento antes de la hora estipulada. Todo fue genial en la estancia, el único problema que tuvimos fue con la calefacción porque era central en todo el edificio y no podíamos controlarla, unos días tuvimos que dormir con la ventana abierta del calor que hacía y otros días estaba apagada y nos moriamos de frío. We stayed in NYC for a week, in Ds apartment. Although we never saw D and his wife, everything was awesome. Close to nightlife, shops, public transport, the flat is neat and tidy, very comfortable. I highly recommend Ds place for everything said before. Thank you D! And New York is soooo great! Great space and great Location!! The location is great.  Walking distance to Central Park, and a lot of other places.  Along with two different subway lines that will take you just about anywhere in NYC.  Tha apartment uses radiator heat that is on some type of control.  It kept the apartment warm enough, but you arent able to control the temperature yourself.  The kitchen is small but comes with all the utensils and pans needed to cook a small meal.  There are a few stores nearby to purchase groceries. Amazing host! The apartment is little but really cozy and very well located. Many restaurants, pharmacies and shops located within walking distance. Would definetely stay there again."	0
670	Olivia is a great person, very creative and with big heart. I had very pleasant stay at her place. We had great conversations and became good friends afterwards.    Location is ok, with good connections within reach. Laundry, delis, restaurants and stores near by. Very nice Franklin Avenue within a short walk. No exaggeration to say this was my best days in the U.S.  I will miss this area and this room. I lived there for a month but it seemed for many years. I survived Hurricane Sandy.  Оlivia lovely host and I had no problems with accommodation. thank you very much and hope to be back here again in spring Olivia was a very welcoming host, the room was clean and came with a warm blanket and a towel, and wireless internet was available. We only happened to be at home several times together. The room and apartment were comfortable. I enjoyed my stay and would stay again. Olivias apartment is great and really has a good vibe! The apartment is between the fancy bohemian Franklin Ave and the authentic carribean Brooklyn style Nostrand Ave. Subway lines 2,3,A,C,4,5 are all in short walking distance! So if you have to ride often to Manhattan youll be very well connected.   Olivia is a welcoming, heartwarming, tolerant host, who is going to take care of you! I stayed one month at Olivias place and we spent some very beautiful moments together (including an amazing Cat Power concert). Through Olivia I also got to know some very nice people! Next time Ill come to New York Ill definitely try to get Olivias guest room again!  I needed a place at the last minute and took this. Olivia is pleasant and laid back. Unfortunately, the place has a serious bug problem. Total roach motel.    Also take into consideration that the street noise can fluctuate at all hours.     With a bit of homework, you might be able to find something else. Olivia is a nice person, learned, funny and independent. I had a really good time in her house. On weekend, we used to have breakfast together and I remembered this time as a time to laugh and interesting chats. For me, life in this apartment was very easy and comfortable. It was my home for those weeks. Id go back again in a heartbeat! This was my first experience as an airbandb guest rather than as a host, and it was perfect. Olivia is lovely. Shes very friendly and welcoming and it made for a very relaxing and enjoyable visit. I would certainly stay again, if I was in the area and if she would have me! Thanks Olivia.  It was really short notice. We needed to rent apartment at the same day. Hotels were full at that time. Olivia was really helpful: we sent a message to her at 9 am and at 5 pm were at her apartment. Olivia is very friendly and open hearted. As for apartment  - its not the hotel room:) looks like a hostel but with separate rooms. Not very clean. Not very comfortable but ok only to spend one or two nights. Neighborhood is quite ok. We even found a place for parking:) Olivia is cool. The place is not the best though. A bit expensive.  My stay with Olivia was alright. I was a little surprised to find out there was a second room that was also being rented out via airbnb. As the apartment is a 2 bed, that meant that Olivia was sleeping in the living room. This means its really just the room your renting. During my stay I just slept there.    I think Olivia is a nice person and has made a house which offers a good budget option for a traveler who is looking to save money and live very basic. This is what I am, so I thank her for that. That said, I would agree with one of her other reviews, that her house has a roach issue. Hopefully she can get the landlord to deal with this issue.    Last thing, the room is very hot, so bring your own fan. Olivia is a great host. I enjoyed my stay in the wonderfully eclectic apartment in the area of Nostrand. Nice host, great space. Olivia was very laid back and accommodating. We were both pretty busy during my stay, so we didnt interact too much, but it was always pleasant. She also is very helpful if you have questions. The apartment itself is a little old, but very nice-- spacious, well decorated, and very artsy. Loads of windows, and I love natural light. If youre a student, traveler, or young person, I very highly recommend this place. If youre very picky or only into luxurious stays, then perhaps it isnt the best-- as I said, the apartment is a little old. But I absolutely loved my stay. It was a great place to be while I explored New York City. Olivia was awesome! She was very easy going and accommodating.  The bed was huge and overall it was a great stay.  If you like the description I would recommend it to anyone. The host canceled this reservation 25 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. I felt so welcome, Olivia is an amazing roommate, the apartment is peaceful, vibes are (Website hidden by Airbnb) room was quiet and sunny. Perfect location, comfortable bed, I felt as if I was in Florence but in NYC. I recommend it 100%. The host canceled this reservation 17 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Wir verbrachten eine Woche in Olivias Wohnung und fanden es wunderschön! Schon die Planung bevor wir anreisten war perfekt; sie hat immer sofort geantwortet und war sehr hilfsbereit. Das Zimmer ist klein, aber fein und das Bett sehr sehr bequem. Die restliche Wohnung ist sehr künstlerisch gestaltet und gemütlich, aber auch ziemlich klein und einfach. Wenn man also eine etwas luxuriösere Unterkunft möchte, sollte man sich ein Hotel nehmen. Hat man allerdings keine Probleme damit und möchte ein wenig mehr vom New Yorker-Lifestyle mitbekommen ist man hier genau richtig. Olivia ist freundlich und eine tolle Gastgeberin und ich kann ihre Unterkunft wärmstens empfehlen.  The host canceled this reservation 70 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Olivia is a great host. She is always kind and patient. I stayed there 3 months and she helped me whenever I have a question. She let me use whatever I need and I felt like home there. And the place is also close to subway stations you can easily get to Manhattan. Additionally you can find a lot of well priced markets and restaurants there. It was great and lovely experience thanks again Had to wait a long time to get in. The apartment was extremely dirty. Ended not staying there and having Airbnb cancel the reservation because the everything was so nasty that it couldnt be used : cockroaches, hairs and pee on the toilet seat, grime in the bathtub and the fridge.... Wouldnt recommend going there.	0
671	Thiago is a good host, kind and willing to help. The room is lovely as described. However, theres no air conditioning which is hot in summer. The location is good near several subway entrances.  Lappartement est dans un immeuble assez simple à trouver à une dizaine de minutes des métros 125 et 116e avenue.    Il est à un quart dheure de Central Park.     Vous disposerez dune chambre privée avec petite clé; les hôtes  sont accueillants les serviettes de toilette sont fournies.    Bonne cohabitation, nous gardons une bonne impression de notre séjour merci Thiago e Ingrid fueron excelentes afritiones, fueron muy amables con nosotros y nos ayudaron cuando necesitamos, la habitación y el apartamento son muy acogedores, todo muy limpio. un poco caliente en las noches en el verano, pero estuvo bien para nuestra necesidad.  Bingo perfecto!! Extremely good and clean place to stay . Loved being here. Thiago is every welcoming and helpful.   Very nice people. Very nice couple - they stayed up late to welcome me, when my plane was delayed. I loved the place - clean, convenient, hip but not chaotic neighbourhood. Would  love to stay again!  Thiago and his wife were very welcoming, even offered us drinks and food while we were all around. It is very conveniently located next to the B&C subway line and not far from the 2&3. The neighbourhood is upcoming and there are some very nice bars and restaurants around. We highly suggest the place. Thiago is an amazingly kind, pleasant, and warm host. Besides quiet and respectful, Thiago helped my wife and I in everything we needed. I highly recomend him to other guests. As I frequently return to NYC  for business, Ill come again and again to this place. My stay at Thiagos apartment was great! Everything clean, kitchen was available to us, the room comfortable enough for two people.  The location perfect since its a couple of blocks away from the subway station, and with lots of great restaurants.  Also the host were wonderfully nice.  The only things wed recommend are a mirror in the bedroom (crucial) and hot water in the shower that runs longer than 3 minutes.  These things can be fixed, so with those I would say this place is perfect! Thiago and Ingrid are very warm, welcoming and helpful people. The apartment is small but very clean, modern and nicely decorated. There is no lift in the building (the apartment is located on the third floor) but Thiago very kindly helped with my heavy suitcase.    The room is small and we found using two suitcases there (and keeping them out of the way) a bit  challenging. There is no wardrobe, and the hanging rail was a bit limited for two people. The room is overlooking a rather noisy street. The air-conditioning in the room is useful.    The subway and Central Park are within easy reach, and there are some nice restaurants and bakeries around.  Thiago is very nice host and he is always willing to help. The place is very sweet and comfortable. From the moment we arrived, Thiago & Ingrid were friendly, welcoming, helpful and hospitable. Their apartment is just as it appears online and was delightful to stay in. The bed is very comfortable. We used the kitchen and never had any issues sharing the bathroom with them.   The street is a nice Harlem St with a supermarket, patisserie and a great café for picking up coffees-just around the corner. Easy three block walk to subway. It was a haven to come home to! Thiago was very responsive to my questions and he was very flexible even though we were arriving rather late and made us feel welcome. His place is very clean and well appointed. I especially appreciated the soft bedding and fluffy towels.     The neighborhood is safe and I highly recommend Levain Bakery, 2 blocks away, for their famous cookies and impeccable baguettes. I would highly recommend his place and would love to stay here again. Thiago est très disponible avant et pendant le séjour, il nous a attendu même si nous sommes arrivés un peu tard.   Lappartement est très agréable et propre.   Il y a deux stations de métro très proches à près qui permettent de rejoindre tous les endroits touristiques de la ville.   Quartier très agréable avec de nombreux restaurants, bars et cafés !  From the moment we booked the room, Thiago was very responsive and gave us all the necessary information, and him and Ingrid made us feel very welcome in their home - thank you for the gnocchi :) !  The flat is conveniently located next to two subway stops, and there are many bars and nice bakeries around (if you fancy a walk try the Hungarian pastry shop). The room is small and clean but enough for two people, and it is facing a rather noisy street. Central Park is only a ten minute walk away and the city centre is also a short subway ride away. Definitely a good location if you want to stay in Manhattan.  He was very nice Lovely little apartment in harem/north of central Park. Great location for the park being only a 7 min walk away, as well as subway. Lots of great bars and restaurants in the area. Hosts were very friendly and helpful. Apartment is small but nice and clean, perfect for our 3 day whizz tour of New York!  Thiago & Ingrid were warm, gracious, and welcoming hosts. My sister and I felt very at home staying at their place. The apartment is charming, the bed was very comfortable, the linens were amazingly soft, and everything was fresh & clean. Loved the neighborhood too. Great location! El apartamento es  limpio, cómodo y acogedor. Está ubicado muy cerca del metro en una zona tranquila. El cuarto es muy cómodo y desde el día de nuestra llegada Thiago e Ingrid pusieron todas las zonas del apartamento a nuestra disposición. Muy recomendado!!! I really enjoyed my time at Thiagos place and would stay there again. He was a very good and welcoming host and the bedroom was extremely clean and ready to receive me on returning from a long day working. Its a great neighborhood and access to transit was a comfortable walk away. Nice location with easy and fast access to downtown. Very friendly hosts. Neighbours unfortunately had a party upstairs on Sat.. But maybe that was due to SantaCon only. Great stay! Thank you Thiago! It was an very good stay! Thiago is a very nice guy. Thiagos place was great! It was located just a few blocks from the subway so it was easy to get everywhere & it was only a few blocks from Central Park. Even though we didnt see him much (it felt like we had a private apartment!) he was really helpful & responsive to messages. Thanks again!  Thiago was a very gracious host! The location is great and the apartment was very clean, cozy, and comfortable! The hosts made sure we were doing okay and gave awesome recommendations for places to eat around Harlem. Would definitely stay with them again! Thiago was a great host! The room was close to transit and met my needs perfectly. Would definitely recommend! We had a wonderful stay at Thiagos apartment! It is clean, bright and safe, and the surrounding neighbourhood is really cool to explore. It was the perfect place to come back to after a day of sightseeing and Ingrid and Thiago were great hosts! 1. Host is so nice and kind. He helped us and made us feel cozy.  2. The house is simple and very refined. Inspite of that the room is small, we did not feel uncomfortable.  3. If you use unlimited metro pass, It totally doesnt matter that the house placed in uptown. Even we experience various nyc daily.  4. At sunset, It is a little cold at room. But at night the heating system is powerfully worked. So we took a rest warmly and slept well.  5. I honestly recommend.  Thiago was a great host.  Him and his wife were warm and welcoming.  We really enjoyed staying a couple of nights at their home.  The bedroom was cozy and really comfortable!  Its a great location too.   Ótima localização para quem queira ficar bem perto do Central Park e de acessos a estações do Metrô, eu o recomendaria sim. O apartamento é comodo, mas deve ser considerado como ponto de descanso só quando o plano principal é estar fora o dia todo. Um ponto de atenção é que o prédio é bastante permeável ao barulho externo (carros) e do piso superior, portanto pode atrapalhar um pouco a noite se tiver o sono leve, no nosso caso que estivemos sempre fora e chegamos a noite muito cansados, não atrapalhou. Finalmente o Thiago é um excelente hospede, atencioso e preocupado. Tem excelentes dicas e com certeza será uma importante ajuda o tempo que ficar aí.  I stayed here for a long weekend in the winter. The private room is small but warm and comfortable and the common space (includes a small kitchen!) is clean and cozy. Thiago was responsive prior to my visit and especially so as I was coordinating my arrival on the day of. Theres both a key to the private room as well as to the building and the apartment, which is great for peace of mind. I would recommend staying here, particularly if you need MTA access to anywhere on the Upper West Side.  Thiago e Ingrid fueron muy atentos desde el principio. Nos ayudaron en todo lo que necesitamos durante la estadía. El lugar es como lo muestran: muy limpio, con todo lo necesario para pasar unas hermosas vacaciones. La cama muy cómoda, la ducha perfecta. Ojalá podamos volver pronto a lo de Thiago, estuvimos 13 días y nos sentimos como en nuestra casa.  O Thiago e a Ingrid foram disponíveis desde o início para nos ajudar. A casa é confortável e muito limpa. O único ponto ruim foi que ficamos sem água por dois dias. Não foi culpa deles. Mas eles não souberam muito bem lidar com a situação. Meu namorado e eu perdemos um dia tentando achar uma alternativa por nós mesmos. Encontramos uma academia para tomar banho. Mas chegamos a tomar dois banhos frios. No entanto, acho que se isso acontecer novamente, eles seriam mais pró-ativos. Recomendo o local! Todo estuvo perfecto! Muy contentos! Nice place, even nicer hosts.  Apartamento muy agradable, ubicado al lado del metro (116 st y 125 st, lineas A,B,C,D) lo que hace fácil las visitas a cualquier lugar de la ciudad. Thiago y su esposa son excelentes anfitriones: pendientes siempre, buena onda, discretos y de buenos consejos!! Muchas gracias! Thiago was very welcoming into his home. He was waiting out the front when we got there. We were out most of the time so didnt see them much, but when we did they were very nice to us and helpful with everything.  I needed a place to stay close to Columbia University. Thiagos apartment is a 10 minute walk from there, so the location was perfect for my purposes. He and his wife were very friendly, made picking up the key very easy, and the room was comfortable.  Boa experiencia. Casal super prestavel  Its a nice place to live, near Columbia University and Central Park. Very recommended!  Pasamos 8 dias increibles en la casa de Thiago e Ingrid. La ubicacion es excelente, a dos cuadras del SUBTE y a una cuadra de unos de los mejores supermercados de HARLEM (BEST MARKET) donde pudimos comprar la comida que queriamos, VERDURAS, CARNE, POLLO, SUSHI, FRUTAS, QUESOS, VEGAN FOOD ETC ETC, y mucho mucho mas, ademas tiene rotiseria y muy buenos precios. Thiago es una excelente persona que nos dejo usar su casa como si fuera nuestra. Usamos la cocina living y demas espacios  comunes. Thiago nos brindo mucha informacion para recorrer new york. El departamento es super limpio, lindo, acogedor y con una cama muy comoda!!!. Otra de las cosas que me gusto de este departamento es que esta a 8 cuadras del central park y cerca de los lugares para alquilar bicletas y poder recorrerlo. Tambien hay muchos restaurantes cerca, cafes, panaderia, pizzerias, farmacias etc. Para mi fue la ubicacion perfercta! Gracias Thiago e Ingrid por la buena onda y un gran gusto haberlos conocido.  We had a wonderful stay in NYC. The Appartement is close to a Subway Station and just a few blocks from Central Park.  The room  was small but the bed was very comfortable. Thiago and Ingrid were  wonderful. Can definitely recommend to stay with them. Cest petit, mais sympa...  Thiagos place was clean, and in a great location. I would recommend it for sure!  Really nice folk Thiago e Ingrid são ótimos. Foram nota 10 conosco, deram muitas dicas e estavam sempre dispostos a ajudar e responder as dúvidas. A localização é muito boa, tem tudo próximo (cafés, mercado, metrô) usamos muito uber para os pontos turísticos mais próximos e ficou em conta, porém o metrô está 3 min a pé. Enfim, recomendo. This place is perfect for a first stay in new-york! Close to metro & bus stations and just a few blocks from central park, residentiel neighborough really pleasant after the noise and the crowded places like Time Square! Moreover, Thiago is a really great host, communication was more than easy and he was really accomodating! I will definitely and highly recommend this place! :) Thiago and Ingrid are very gracious hosts. They were both home to greet us. Their place was clean and airy. And I loved the proximity to all kind of transportation. I would definitely recommend their place.  Effortless coordination, clean space, and safe. The place is very nice, and well kept. Ingrid and Thiago were also very nice hosts and easily reached.  We loved our stay.   Lovely apartment with a very sweet younger couple staying here for temporary travel. Clean room on opposite side from their room. Nice area in Harlem, I felt safe even as a younger woman traveling alone. Close to subways and near main thoroughfares. Fantastic grocery store (Best Market) one block away. Overall, lovely stay for one week.  Thiago was very clear and responsive with messages which made me feel secure about everything, and of course friendly. Great place! The neighbourhood was awesome- great coffee shop around the corner and lots of places to eat. The subway was about a 5 min walk and Central Park was maybe 10 mins away.  Thiago was a great host and his place was really nice :) El lugar es excelente al igual que sus anfitriones, realmente te sientes como en casa. Muy recomendado.  Wonderful location in a nice, calm area close to public transportation and places to eat. Apartment was wonderful and Thiago was extremely accommodating, friendly, and helpful. The location is great!! Its close to subway stations and easy to find. The host were friendly and even though we basically only spend time at their place to sleep it was comfortable and clean. Check in was easy, always available with communication! Would come back here if I stayed in NY again  :) Nuestra estadía en el apartamento de Thiago e Ingrid fue estupenda! Todo muy aseado, limpio, como aparecen en las fotos y un lugar muy cálido. El lugar está muy buen ubicado, tiene muchas tiendas alrededor y se encuentran buenos restaurantes  Lovely people! Very clean and simple. These guys are super friendly and respectful of your space. Room is small but clean and comfortable. We really enjoy our staying in NYC at Thiagos place!!!!! Kind, available and flexible: thanks to that we were able to live NYC in every single minutes. The apartment was so wonderful! The common area was cutely decorated and the bedroom and bathroom was very clean.  The space was small but was more than comfortable for our weeklong stay. The apartment is located a few blocks away from the subway and is central to a bunch of restaurants and cafes. We felt very safe in the area even at night time. Thiago was very accommodating and I could not recommend his place enough!! Thiagos apartment was the BEST! We loved it so much there, we wished we could have stayed longer. Its very clean, the bed is comfortable and its got a great atmosphere. Also Thiago himself was really acommodating and made sure we had everything we needed. Thank you so much for everything, if were to come back to NY we will surely rent this place again! Thiago was very helpful and let us check in early! He even helped us carry our bags upstairs! He was quick to respond and his place was super nice! Would definitely recommend staying here! The host was really friendly, even offered us a very tasty homemade pie Me and my girlfriend stayed for a long weekend and the room was perfect for our needs. Easy to get to the local subway, walking distance from Central Park, and on a side street which was quiet at night. The area has some great coffee shops and bagel places too! Thiago was really great! Our train got in earlier than expected but Thiago was quick to respond and adjusted easily. The place was very clean and we felt very welcome. He was also super accommodating with helping us on our check out day! Thiago is a nice guy! He gives us very good advices! The appartement was cool with a good localisation  Very nice place to stay,  everything was perfect. Definitely coming back! Muy buen anfitrión, amable, atento y buena gente, ayuda en todo lo que puede. Sitio muy buen ubicado con multitud de comercios y estaciones de metro cercanas, zona de Harlem Melhor custo benefício. Perto do metrô, padaria, bares para final da noite....chegávamos cansados e era  um perfeito refúgio da barulhenta Time Square...Durmimos super bem. O casal é uma graça é muito gentil...nos deram dicas ótimas e tudo muito leve, limpo e tranquilo. Loved Thiagos place! His apartment is located on a relatively quiet street but it is also a very short walk to many restaurants/cafes and public transport. Thiago greeted us at the door and even carried my giant suitcase for me up three flights of stairs. Our room was small but clean and neatly presented. If we ever stayed in NYC city again this would definitely be my go-to spot! Great crash pad for our four day trip to NYC! Conveniently located about three minute walk from subway and buses in a nice neighborhood, clean and simple apartment and room, very comfortable bed, and friendly hosts. We had keys and came and go as we wished. Recommended for sure! Thiago et Ingrid sont très sympas et aux petits soins : super accueil, conseils avisés et très utiles pour un séjour idéal et inoubliable. Situation au top et bonne desserte en métro. That was perfect ! Thiagos place was lovely. Ive stayed in quite a few AirBnBs in New York and this one is my favourite. Clean, cosy and great hosts! great location in Manhattan with reasonable price, and great hospitality! Thiago is very nice and his condo is very cute and clean.  Amazing memories to NYC thanks to Thiago Thiago’s and Ingrid’s place is perfect! Their apparment is nice, clean and safe. We had a wonderful time here! You can really trust them! Thiagos apartment is very well situated, some 15 minutes walk from the Central Park and just a few blocks from the nearest metro station (ABCD lines will get you easily to mid- and downtown). Due to our busy schedule, we barely got to speak with Thiago, though, he seemed as a perfectly normal guy. Thiago was a great host. The Airbnb is conveniently located near a subway station that will take you downtown in about 20 minutes. Though, the noise from the street does travel into the room. Thiagos place was clean and comfortable! We didnt spend much time at the apartment, only to sleep at night, but the location and price were perfect. The neighborhood was safe and had great access to subway stops. Great hospitality and great place to stay.  Would fully recommend staying. Thiago et Ingrid sont très sympathiques, chaleureux et accueillants. Toutes les indications nous ont parfaitement été données le premier jour afin que nous puissions trouver l’appartement très facilement, depuis l’aéroport.  L’appartement est très joliment décoré, le lit très confortable et la chambre assez spacieuse, les serviettes/ salle de bain très propres.  Surtout, dès que nous avions une question, Thiago était là pour nous en moins de 5 minutes, sur place ou par message.  Nous recommandons vivement! Thanks Thiago and Ingrid for been the best hosts!!! Everything was perfect .. they help us with our luggage ... they allowed us to check in and out in a time frame more appropriate for our needs !!! The house was spotless, and cozy!! They helped us with everything that we need it !!! Very nice and friendly couple!!! Definitely I would stay there again and recommend them to everybody !!! Super friendly and amazing hosts, Thiago and Ingrid will do their best to help you in any way possible. Easy Check-In and -Out with even two waterbottles waiting for us on the bedside table. The room was small but really comfy. Great neighborhood with cute little local bars and coffee shops just around the corner, close to the subway. Would definitly stay there again. Thiago and Ingrid are such wonderful hosts! They are warm, respectful and very accommodating! Their place is clean, cozy and super super convenient. Would absolutely stay with them again! Thiago is super helpful and responsive. Rooms are clean and very well decorated. The bed set are very comfortable and the location is great. Fomos muito bem recebidos. Thiago e a esposa são ótimo anfitriões que nos auxiliam com muitas dicas importantes . A acomodação é muito limpa e confortável . Adorei !! Super indico .	1
672	I will recommend this place to anyone and everyone who wants to go to NY. Lauren by far is the perfect hosts for anyone who comes there, and she will make sure to make your stay as convenient and as delightful as possible. We loved the cosy room and candles light waiting for us. Perfect location.  Great food places just right on the corner.  The apartment is among the tidiest and cleanest of any Airbnb Ive stayed in. Lauren was an accommodating host, who went out of her way to drop off the keys. I appreciated the fresh towels and toiletry samples! This place was great! There was 2 of us staying and the room and bed size were perfect. Lauren was awesome at communicating with us for check-in, check-out and during our stay for anything we needed. We did not see her much but when we met she was very sweet and friendly, she gave us recommendations throughout our trip for places to go to and made us feel welcome at her home by letting us use what we needed. The apartment is in the Upper East Side, walking distance to Central Park and Museum Mile. We did not take the subway anywhere but there are stations walking distance and the Uber rides which we took pretty much everywhere where typically inexpensive $5-$20 dlls.  Lauren was such a lovely host, she communicated with us throughout our entire stay and made sure every single detail was taken care of. Shes an excellent host and her place is perfect for a short stay in NYC. Would definitely recommend her place to anyone :) I absolutely loved Laurens apartment! The room was neat, super clean and she even provided all the basic amenities. Lauren herself is a wonderful person and I loved talking to her! Will definitely want to come back and hopefully stay for a longer time :) very good stay at Laurens flat. She was very kind and the place awesome! Thanks! Lauren is an excellent host! Very friendly while still providing plenty of privacy. Her apartment is spacious, clean and comfortable. Just a short walk to the subway with plenty of restaurants nearby. Highly recommended! Lauren is an excellent host, very friendly. The room is great very comfortable and clean. Highly recommend if in NYC! Its a great apartment, with a convenient location, a wonderful bed, and a helpful host. Lauren was excellent with communication and made the whole process stress-free. I would definitely recommend it and would be likely to stay again in the future. Calidez.  Great space in a fun neighborhood. You really feel like a part of the city. Room is perfect: comfy bed, clean sheets, clean restroom. Close to some great eateries, and not too bad of a commute to Times Square. Lauren was an excellent host. An excellent communicator, Lauren made it easy to check in and offered to help us navigate the city! I highly recommend staying here! 	1
673	Jean was a great host! He was able to accommodate my different checkin/outs with notice. The room was exactly as pictured and described. The apartment is located in a cute historic building. Its located a couple blocks from the subway. Area has plenty of stores and eats! This Airbnb is a great value! Thanks Jean! the apartment always clean and smells delicious. He received us with a greeting card. Everything was in perfect conditions, it was super clean also is easy to get to downtown with the metro, its a safety place. Id love this experience. Easy to find good location clean comfortable....good It was a small room without a table and chair otherwise all ok. Jean is a nice guy. very good experience! Transportation is close Jean was very responsive to my questions. The area is just like the picture. The shower was bit tricky but nothing you cant figure out. It would have been great if there were a bottle of water in the room. Great value for the neighborhood. The subway and coffee shops are at walking distance. Would book again I stayed here for 4 nights with my partner and had a marvellous experience. Jean was very accommodating as our arrival changed several times throughout our travel day and was there to greet us. His apartment was clean and appropriately scented by a diffuser in the main room and another in the guest bedroom. The guest room had everything we needed: a comfortable bed, closet with hangers, outlets, a mirror, wifi password and all our amenities waiting on the dresser. The bathroom was also clean and, although the apartment is not large, there were no noise problems. Coming and going was easy with our own set of keys and we encountered no disturbances. Super accessible to transit as there are 2 subway stations within a 5 minute walk. My partner left his MacBook behind when we returned to Canada so we messaged Jean and it was no worries from that point on – he confirmed he had the computer, went to the post office the next morning, fronted the large cost of expedited shipping and we received the computer 2 days after our departure. Great experience thank you Jean! Had a great stay at Jeans place, bed was very comfortable. Also had great smelling aroma around the apartment. The bedroom and bathroom are very clean, and my girlfriend and I felt very safe during our time in Harlem.    Jean is great. He is very responsive and friendly.  Highly recommended.  Great value. Jean has a small but nice place. It is located convenient to subway stops and good restaurants, etc. My biggest complaint was there was a *lot* of incense, air fresheners, etc. that wasnt mentioned in the online ad. It bothered me and my partner a bit... So if you are sensitive to such things, maybe steer clear -- otherwise, go for it. Great and friendly host. Located only a few minutes walk from the subway and local shops. The local area felt safe. Good sized room with plenty of space and the bed is so comfortable. There is a lift which is great for arriving and departure with luggage. Easy to get around. Would be helpful to have a chair or bench in the room as well. Highly recommended. I would be happy to stay again when next in NYC. Thanks Jean! Conveniently located near the subway. The room is great for those that spend most of their time out enjoying the city. The bed is comfortable. The neighborhood is nice, I felt safe walking to the place at night. Watch out for the pipe in the bathroom though, it gets quite hot. 	1
674	"A really beautiful apartment well situated in Brooklyn. Easy to get around in Brooklyn and easy to get to Manhattan. The neighborhood is charming and quiet and offers both relaxed cafés, excellent restaurants and good grocery shopping. Bliss made us feel very welcome. After showing us the apartment she not only left us with a great list of restaurants and shops, but also with juice, cheese, milk and wine in the refrigerator. Thank you Bliss! The apartment had plenty of space, a well equipped kitchen and actually it had all we needed incl. two toilets (which is nice when you are five people). The best recommendation we can give is that we would be thrilled to rent it again.  It was a very good experience!  The hostess provided us with food treats and a contact for a taxi and printouts of local amenities. The house was very attractive, comfortable and well equipped. The hostess was very friendly, helpful and knowledgeable, with out this assistance the trip would have only been half as good. The street had great ambience. Would stay again definitely! Me and my friends spent a great time in Bliss house. Everything is like in the pictures, maybe also better. The neighborhood is really nice and there are two metro lines close that bring you to Manhattan. Bliss wasnt there, but we share some texts and she was really nice and she help us for every needs. I suggest 100% this amazing apartment if you are planning an period in NY and you want something different from the city and an house with a lot of charme. The first thing to mention is that communication with Bliss (we did not get to meet) is extremely easy as he seldom takes more than an hour et to respond!  The district is nice to very nice and pretty quiet.  Whereas the lounge and the kitchen are spacious with a lot of light, such is not the case of the rooms which are ground/basement level. The master bedroom has a nice size (room and bed) but the other two are pretty basic. The only bathroom is ok, the half bathrooom is only a toilet with a small washbasin.  We had booked for five people but one week before an additional member of the fmaily decided to join: we obviously did let Bliss know and paid the extra for sleeping on the red couch seen on the main picture but I would not recommend others to do the same!  A suggestion to Bliss: a bit more on a note to his ""guests"" about shops, restaurants etc. in the neighbourhood. The place was as we expected. Spacious and open plan living area - with a very relaxing vibe. Bliss was wonderfully responsive. Local area colourful, interesting and very handy for the subway. Easy to get into Manhattan. Loved the Broklyn Flea and special shout out to Leon and Son - great wine! Thank you - would definitely return. Wow! What a great stay! Right from the start, Bliss was there for us in so many ways even though she was out of the country. We were coming to Brooklyn from an Airbnb over in Manhattan which had checkout at 11 AM. Bliss worked her magic and had her cleaning person out of her place by 12 Noon! One of her recommendations was Speedy Romeo, a Michelin rated bib gourmand pizza restaurant a few blocks away. Perfect for takeout!    The apartment is a gorgeous as the photos on the site. Really high ceilings, lots of light and room, an incredible kitchen fully stocked, with and outside view of an enclosed back yard (perfect for our dogs). Coming from crowded, noisy Manhattan, with lots of traffic, Bliss was heaven! We used uber and lyft a lot, but if you have a car, parking seems to be easy. We found a great coffee place 2 1/2 blocks away, Outpost Cafe which has an outside courtyard not to be missed. We did not walk around the neighborhood much, except for walking the dogs, so I cant describe it except to say very residential which was nice. We did find one really fantastic restaurant, Lulu & Pos (via Lyft) and a fun one called Falansai, a Vietnamese/French place that showed movies on the wall without the sound. If you never saw ""Exterminating Angel"", it is a trip!    But we couldnt stay away from Manhattan, even with the crowds and noise. Several of us signed up for Lyft and got $10 off 5 rides a piece, so... ate again at what is becoming my favorite  restaurant, Prune and Le Coucou, the new one from Daniel Rose, famous for Spring Restaurant in Paris (weve eaten there twice) both on the lower east side. Spent more time in ABC Carpet & Home (spiritual, materialistic and a visual treat). Go. And, go stay at Blisss in Brooklyn if it is available, She is a Super Host in my book! As family of four, we spent a superb & memorable week over Christmas in this beautiful & tastefully appointed apartment. Everything which could have been thought of was so, and without fault. Communication with the owner was excellent, subway transit to downtown Manhattan was anywhere from 30+mins (though be certain to avoid express trains which dont stop Clinton-Washington Ave.). Local grocery stores were generally good quality and numerous too, though places to eat on Fulton Street were less so. Worth noting that we were regularly hassled by street beggars asking for cash around Putnam Triangle, though entirely non-threatening. La maison de Bliss est exactement comme sur les photos, même mieux! Tout est très bien décoré et nous nous sommes sentis très vite chez nous. La literie est très confortable, la cuisine fonctionnelle. Nous navons pas profité du jardin à cause des moustiques, mais cest très agréable davoir de la verdure et dobserver les écureuils. Ce logement est idéal pour vivre une vraie vie à la New yorkaise: supermarchés, métro (20mn pour Manhattan) tout est typique ! Quartier très authentique et safe, quel plaisir de rentrer à Brooklyn le soir après une journée de visites ! La communication avec Bliss était facile, elle est très gentille et accueillante. Elle nous a autorisé à quitté le logement plus tard le jour du départ car nous avions un vol de nuit. Bref, tout était parfait ! This home is a beautiful brownstone apartment in a great part of Brooklyn. Safe but lively! Allows you to have a place to stay and actually relax whenever you feel like it. Blisss place was absolutely beautiful. The location will not disappoint - it was the perfect place for a little trip to NYC for NYE. Wed been wowed by the photos on here but the real life experience is truly exceptional. Bliss was wonderfully communicative and helpful throughout our stay. I can recommend wholeheartedly and without exception. THANK YOU! The host canceled this reservation 184 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 102 days before arrival. This is an automated posting."	1
675	The apartment was centrally located to all we wanted to see/do and was an affordable, safe, alternative to paying for 5 women/children in a hotel.  The check-in process was easy, we were met by property manager at time we requested.   The kitchen was nicely updated with new cabinets and granite counters.  We did not cook or anything so I did not pay attention to if there were adequate kitchen pots/pans/untensils etc.  A couple of things to note that I feel would have certainly been helpful to know-the apartment in not located directly on Park Avenue; the photos in the description while accurate make the place appear newer/more appealing that it actually is.  While the space is clean and holds a modern dining table, sofa and updated kitchen, the space/building is a bit older and could use some renovation.  Two most important things:  the apartment is adjacent to an underground club.  While I am not a party pooper by any means, this made for quite the noisy night come midnight-3:00 a.m. when a good 50 people are outside directly under the window.  Also, the mattress.  I could feel every single spring in my body and it made for a very bad night of sleep.  A better quality mattress is a definite MUST!  Overall, it was okay.  Some upgrading etc. would certainly make it better.        The apartment was very clean and the cleaning ladies were there to greet us and check us out.  The location is great for midtown and just a block away from subway.  There is a 24 hour CVS and other restaurants and shopping near by.  There is some street noise esp. at night which ear plugs greatly helped!  Slept like a baby when I used ear plugs.  Bathroom and kitchen were clean.  Beds were great and comfortable.  Would recommend. Great location. Perfect for what we needed I loved that Inga was responsive and got back to me anytime I texted or emailed before and during the stay.    The neighborhood was stellar.  Love that the subway was so close.    The photo is accurate.    It is good to know that the bathroom is on the first floor... the photo is the second floor, and the second bed is on the 3rd floor.    We had 5 people sharing the bathroom, and there was plenty of space for everyone to put their things away.   Ingas apartment is well located close to time square, Rockefeller and Centeal Park. Check-in and check-out was smooth and easy. We slept five adults and had no issues sharing the single bathroom. The apartment was clean and tidy and had all the amenities we required. Would recommend this apartment. The location is great, super central, close to subway stations, coffee shops, and CVS around the corner. The place itself is a spacious 3-floor apartment that was great for all 4 of us. Sharing 1 bathroom was a bit tough but not a deal breaker. The apartment was clean and tidy and has all the basic essentials, towels, toilet paper, body wash, hand soap etc. The kitchen is minimally equipped so if you are planning to cook, dont forget to bring some spices and condiments. My friends who were staying on the 2nd floor couldnt sleep at night because of the noise downstairs, whereas myself snd my husband on the 3rd floor were not affected by the noise.   Communication was good, quick and short responses, but otherwise we all had a great stay!   Apt is in a great location. Inga and her staff responded quickly to my texts.   The place was great; its location is convenient to everything I wanted to do in the city. The beds are firm, which I prefer. The couch is really comfortable. It had reliable WiFi. Its clean. I recommend this place for staying in the city. O espaço é realmente muito bom, condiz com o anuncio! Excelente localização e facilidades, próximo a vários cafés, farmácias e supermercado. Ótimo custo benefício. Good location and the apartment was as described - spacious and outfitted with a kitchen in a secure building.   The apartment was real nice and served well for a quick business trip to NYC.  Nice and clean with lots of space.  I would recommend sleeping on the bed on the second floor as it is a bit farther away from the window and the street noise.  Real easy communications and checking in/out. This spacious apartment was very well located near public transportation.  My family and I were able to use it as a base for our city adventures, including theatre, museums, shopping, etc.  The apartment was clean, the owner accommodating, and the price right! We were a group of 4,5 with a mix of both genders, and the space was homely and spacey at the same time. It feels more like home than a swanky condo, but is comfortable and has all we need for our week long stay. The placement of the apartment is great, as it is close to almost all major areas of New York and I would recommend this place to any one who wishes a place where you dont have to walk much. All in all, this is a great place to stay! There is nothing positive I can say about the stay, the place is in terrible condition and so is the building.  The beds were uncomfortable and squeaky.  I am not sure what was louder; the inside or the outside of the place.   Interactions with check in and cleaning crew were unpleasant, paying a late check in fee felt like extortion and was very uncomfortable.  Had I been alone and not with two little kids I would have walked out and checked into a hotel.  Stay away from this place! Good location. Small. Served our needs Inga was attentive, responding to messages promptly and checking in after our arrival. The property was also centrally located for our trip.  The condition of the actual place itself, on the other hand, is much older than depicted on the posting.  The apartment was tidy, but could use a fresher scent.  The beds were a bit uncomfortable, making it a bit difficult for a good nights rest.  The shower did not drain on our first night, but Inga found someone to come fix it once notified. Espacioso departamento muy bien ubicado, cerca del Metro y del Central Park. Correctamente equipado. El servicio brindado fue de acuerdo a lo contratado.      We are currently enjoying a stay in an apartment on Park Ave, New York, 10022 under booking CR88FM reference whilst we have had a super holiday, we have been left both shocked as disappointed by certain behaviours of the apartment owner, Inga, that compromised our security and robbed us of our peace of mind.     On Tuesday night, the 10th of May, we found the place in total We immediately assumed that the apartment had been broken into and that therefore, we had been robbed. The window was wide open, the bed clothes had been ripped from the bed and left in disorder, and the apartment floor was filthy.     I am sure that you agree that this situation demonstrates a complete lack of respect for our privacy, not to mention putting our security and the security of our possessions into question.     As no one should have to deal with this kind of discomfort and insecurity on their holidays. We would like to understand better the position of AirBnB here, and what the next step is.    We respectfully await your response.    Ana Maria Palacio and family La descripcion del anuncio era correcta,el barrio perfecto The apartment was spacious and fit us a family of four very comfortably. The location is advertised as Park Avenue - it is actually not on Park Avenue. We realised we were early do we contacted the owner and were told someone was coming to meet us. We were kept waiting and our calls were not answered for nearly an hour. The cleaner then met us and told us our check in was 3.30pm obviously bad communication between owner and cleaner.  The furniture is uncomfortable, beds are okay but main bed made loud creaking sound every time you moved, the pillows were terrible, linen was cheap.  Basement had a laundry and also place for recyclables - it was filled with rubbish and smelled awful the laundry was great but not kept clean and it costs $2.50 to use the machines.  The kitchen has a large fridge we were not informed that oven did not work and was not functional.  Location is close to train station and about a 20 minute walk to Times Square.    About place: Great location, enough space for 4-5 people, reasonably priced. About host: Inga helped us with all our requests and was very attentive to our needs. Thank you! Inga was very helpful and quick to answer emails and texts. The neighborhood was safe and in a great location to mid-town sites. Noisy construction crews began work at 6 am on weekdays. We enjoyed our stay. Great location. Walked to most of what we wanted to see. The street was quiet so we could sleep without to much city noise.  Ingas apartment was exactly as described and depicted in the pictures.  There were 5 adults staying here for 4 days and there was plenty of room.  Inga was very responsive to messages before and during our stay.  Apartment was in a central location to most things we wanted to do and close to subway stops.   The biggest downside to this apartment was the street noise early in the morning (traffic, car horns, etc.) and the club below the apartment building which created a lot of people milling around  before they were let into the club and a fight between two girls broke out in the street.  However, we never heard any music or noise after the club opened for the night.  Overall a great experience for our first stay in NYC. Une personne était présente à laccueil sympathique ,le quartier était calme par rapport à certaine zone  bien situé et spacieux pour New York  Location was great, the apartment itself needed some TLC. The couch was ripped, the bed down stairs was too small for the frame, towel rack in the bathroom was falling down, etc. However it wasnt too big of a deal since we were there to explore the city and a attend a wedding. We didnt spend a lot of time there. Inga and associates were available and accommodating.  The apartment feels a bit dirty, despite being told it was cleaned before we arrived. We vacuumed the rug when we got there. Toaster is broken. Sheets are very cheap. The location is this places only saving grace. Nous avons eu directement la personne pour les clés. Cétait bien. Lappartement est très bien situé, propre. The place was clean and comfortable enough a few days.  As usual with New York this appears as if it is someones home being rented however it was clearly an apartment furnished with leftovers that is being used for Airbnb.  Good water pressure, great location, inexpensive enough for a few days stay.  Someone was easily reached at all times, met us and set us up as promised.  The neighborhood was a great location for me as a native New Yorker, and for a tourist in that you can easily walk to so many places or get transportation to them,  but the building and block were dirty, noisy and not particularly nice.  The apartment itself was definitely roomy with separate spaces which was nice, and ideal if you are traveling with kids or a friend etc.  It was dark with inadequate curtains for privacy in the one window from which you felt exposed to the office building across the street.  There was an old worn couch with a big hole in the seat, street noise was very loud, as it was only on the 3rd floor and there were absolutely no closets, bureaus with drawers to put clothes in or even a luggage rack.  I was very disappointed with the amenities in general.  Coffee, but no creamer, sweetener, salt or pepper, etc.  Things you wouldnt buy for a few days and that I provide at mine and have found at every other air bnb rental and have been to them in at least 3 other major cities.  Anyway, in summary, great location and good space, but no storage or convenience.   친절하고 빠르게 대답해줘서 답답함은 없었고, 집도 넓고 대체적으로 깨끗한 편. 위치도 밖에 어디 놀러 다니기엔 최적화가 되어있음. 하지만 창문을 닫아도 소음이 생생히  들어와서 밤새 내내 잠을 잘 못잠. 앞은 공사를 하고 옆은 바가 있어서 술취한 사람들이 소리를 질러대는데 그 소리들이 여과없이 들어옴. 잠을 중요시 하는 사람이라면 이 집은 피하는게 좋음.   호텔이나 보통 집의 가구정도를 예상하고 오면 안됨. 호스트가 이 집에서 안 살고 가정부가 청소를 하면서 관리를 하는 것 같아보이는데, 자신이 여기서 살지 않으니 가구가 굉장히 질이 나쁨. 침대프레임과 매트리스도 맞지 않고, 매트리스는 뒤척거릴때마다 부스럭거리는 소리가 남. 매트리스가 플라스틱 봉지로  쌓여있는 것 같음. 소파는 크게 긁혀있어서 보기엔 안좋지만 편하긴 침대보다 편함. 콘센트가 많이 없는 것과, 거실 조명이 너무 어두워서 불편하고, 가구와 소음 말고는 다른건 꽤 만족함. 딱히 추천은 못하겠음.. Great Location!!   The apartment was perfect size, clean, and good internet connection.    Respect to Inga, she was very nice and responded me very quickly.    Totally recommended Accoglienza perfetta, disponibilità, alloggio non pulito ma la colpa è della donna delle pulizie. Il quinto letto è gonfiabile ma non ero stato avvisato La primera impresión decepciona bastante porque las fotos del anuncio dan la impresión de un amplio apartamento y no es así An important event - of touring my future parents in law the major tourist attractions of the New York City.  The place not only was affordable, but also clean and cozy by the looks.  When i arrived, the place seemed better than what the photos can show - stairs and different levels of floors really made it seem like ive rented out a whole house instead of an apartment inthe heart of Manhattan. The place was clean and neat. Perfect for 5 girls. Smaller then I expected but everything was well organized. Check in and check out WAS done without any hassle.  Fotos entsprechen nicht dem aktuellen Zustand der Wohnung (Sofabezug verschlissen, Matratze Wohnzimmerbett zu klein für Bettkasten (120x180cm für 140x200cm), Lattenrost Wohnzimmerbett defekt, Heizung Wohnzimmer funktioniert nicht). Kein persönlicher Kontakt mit Vermieterin, nur über die Reinigungskraft. Das ist anders erwartet worden von einem Superhost. Durch Müllabfuhrstation direkt gegenüber und der Bar im Nachbarhaus der Wohnung nachts sehr laut, da keine Schallisolierten Zimmer.   Lage sehr gut, viele U-Bahn-Stationen in der Nähe und alle bekannten Sehenswürdigkeiten sehr gut und schnell erreichbar. Aber Achtung: Am Wochenende fahren nicht grundsätzlich alle U-Bahnen, daher nicht zwangsläufig vom Vorteil.  Preis-Leistungsverhältnis aus unserer Sicht nur für Lage gerechtfertigt, nicht für die Ausstattung.    This was our first experience with airbnb and it was great! Inga was great to deal with and was always checking up on how things were going! This was a nice place to stay. The apartment was clean and the check in was convenient. The apartment is in a great part of the city and there are a ton of things to do. Inga was responsive whenever I emailed or texted her. The apartment was smaller than expected.  There was 4 of us staying in the apartment and this was just enough space. Although it says it accommodates 5 people, I dont think the couch is quite comfortable to sleep on.  The space was very clean and we meet with the very nice cleaning lady initially for the apt keys and wifi info. She also gave us clean sheets for the upstairs bed since we arrived early and we insisted on replacing them ourselves (our fault for arriving earlier than stated.) We didnt spend much time in the apt except to sleep which was uncomfortable for most of us. The beds were old and felt like they were missing springs. The bed in the living room was too small for the bed frame and could have been painful if users were unaware. Couch could have used a cover since it was torn. Overall the place served its purpose for our one night stay in NY and location was close to most of the things that we wanted to do on Saturday. Very conveniently located. Easy key pick up. Construction work around the area and in the building meant it was a bit noisy. The house itself is minimal but has two beds so it was great for us. Nous avons passé un super séjour à New York, lappartement est idéalement placé il était propre à notre arrivé mais il manque d insonorisation. Prenez des bouchons doreilles cest mieux  Location, location, location!!! A couple of minor things that can be easily fixed.   Inga was very attentive and responsive every time we reached out to her.  Check in and out processes were easy and as agreed upon.  The location was superb. We felt very safe and everyone we met in the building was very polite.  We knew the area restaurants and other events as we had stayed in a similar location before. Highly recommend this for location and comfortable for two couples.location  El departamento se percibe mas grande y luminoso en las fotos. En el ambiente donde esta la mesa y la cama de noche prácticamente no se veía nada. Da a la calle, en el edificio de enfrente están remodelado y al lado hay un boliche, por lo tanto es bastante ruidoso a la noche y durante el dia. Si bien pueden dormir hasta 5 personas, queda pequeño por tener solo 1 baño y 2 camas. El servicio de wifi y cable es muy bueno. El barrio es agradable, con varias opciones para comprar cerca y a 1 cuadra del subte. Perfect location, very clean, easy communication and check in. Very rare tri-level find in Midtown East. Would definitely stay here again and again!! Local muito bom! Perto de transporte público. Atenciosa, responde os questionamentos mesmo quando são pedidos de sugestões.  Recomendo, foi a segunda vez que ficamos lá. El departamento tiene una ubicación excelente y es cómodo. El wifi funciona muy bien.  El principal problema es que tiene un solo baño y para tanta gente puede tornarse incómodo. Además tiene poca iluminación y pese a que solicitamos que nos cambiaran una de las lamparitas que estaban quemadas, nunca lo hicieron  The location is both good and bad.   Good: Within walking distance to metro and major bus lines.   Bad: There is a construction site across the street working 24-7 Monday to Friday with constant noise and flood light shining into the apartment. Downstairs is a nightclub which is rowdy in the weekend.     The beds are old, small, and uncomfortable. We had bodyache every morning we woke up.     The check-in process is straight forward. Great location, comfortable home. Easy to find and contact.  Great location! Close to Central Park & 5th Avenue. Very close to public transport.  Theres only one lamp in the main room & so the apartment is badly lit, giving it a very gloomy outlook which is rather depressing (completely different to what the photos depicted!) Noises from the streets, especially late at night & often well past midnight, is a huge problem, probably because theres a bar in the basement - there were often partying & drunk people chatting, laughing, yelling & screaming late into the night during our stay, and at one time, till 3 or 4am! Theres no wardrobe and absolutely nowhere at all to hang our clothes & jackets which is very inconvenient. The only good thing with this apartment is that it is conveniently located. We will never consider staying here ever again for sure.  This a really good place with everything close by. Our host Inga, took really good care of us and was easily available to communicate with either from phone or email. More than the place, I loved the hospitality that Inga provided us. Muy recomendable The place was spacious and had a great location! The elevator was also a plus for convenience. However, it missed a few essentials such as a closet, shampoo and conditioner and toilet paper. Excellent Location!  Great value Everything was just as advertised if not better than advertised. Very clean and accommodating. Thank you!  Great location. Great location not too far from many train stops. Very clean and nice building. Just be sure to bring your own toilet paper!  Foi tudo conforme o combinado, tudo correto, espaço muito bom, localização excelente, e a anfitriã muito atenciosa e responde as perguntas com muita rapidez. A única situação que achei estranha, foi que sua funcionária quase que nos expulsou do apartamento, quando tinha ido buscar o carro que havia locado, e como atrasei uns 10 minutos depois do check out, minha esposa que tinha ficado me aguardando, foi praticamente colocada pra fora do espaço é até mesmo do lobby do prédio, foi praticamente despejada na rua, me senti constrangido e triste depois de uma estadia tão agradável Great location, very clean, and Inga was extremely responsive! הדירה מאוד קטנה וצפופה, ללא ארונות כלל הדירה חשוכה, לא מתאימה למשפחות. הדירה נחלקת לשלוש קומות עם הרבה מדרגות, מאוד לא נוח בהתנהלות היומיומית. אחזקת הדירה נראית ירודה.  מלבד המיקום, לא ממליצים כלל 房子的位置很棒,離超市、地鐵站很近! 房間蠻寬敞的,設備也很齊全! 打掃人員的服務態度也很好,很細心的解說! 唯一美中不足的可能是房子較為老舊一點,不過以這樣處於市中心且方便的位置,價格上確實是CP值不錯的選擇! En general el sitio está muy bien, céntrico, se puede ir andando a muchos sitios próximos. De limpieza no está mal, aunque no perfecto. Nos cobraron $40 extra por llegar a las 9pm al apartamento, no pudimos llegar antes por la hora de llegad de nuestro vuelo, antes de realizar la reserva no lo habían comunicado y no estuvo bien, este tipo de recargos deberían estar incluidos.  En las fotografías parece más grande y espacioso, aunque no está nada mal, agradecimos ser menos de 5 personas. Es recomendable, como regla general, está muy bien. This apartment has an excellent location and plenty of room for 5 adults.  We all slept well and walked to Central Park, Times Square, 5th Avenue, etc.  There are several delicious and economical (for New York) restaurants right on the same block just a few doors down.  Inga was great with the prompt communication for check-in and out. Good area, good host and would definately recommend. Great location! It is reallygood  Lappartement est super bien situé !!! Cependant, une nuisance sonore très importante toute la journée et la nuit (chantier en face et pas de double vitrage)   Nous avons était déçu de la propriété surtout sur la vaisselle (impossible dutiliser le four tellement il était sale), aucunes casseroles, poêles, ni récipients pour faire un minimum la cuisine, on a du les demander...  De plus aucune attention nest porté pour les hôtes (un seul rouleau papier WC pour une famille pour une semaine, rien pour laver la vaisselle, pas de torchon...)  Et pour finir leau de la baignoire sécoule très mal.   A noté que le lave linge se trouve au sous sol dans les parties communes.   Cest dommage pour ces petits problèmes car sur le papier cet appartement et parfait pour un séjour à NY (métro à côté) et spacieux pour plusieurs! Le logement est bien situé, à proximité de transport en commun, propre. Néanmoins, il manquer beaucoup de vaisselle pour une famille. comfortable stay and a great location. Clean apartment. Very well located. Slightly outdated.  El apartamento está muy bien ubicado, tienes a mano todo, supermercado, metro, El Centro...  No me gustó nada el olor de las toallas, olían fatal y después de ducharte dejaba todo el olor en la piel. En la cama del piso de arriba era imposible dormir del ruido que hacían al moverte, espero que la cambien. El día de la salida, habíamos quedado a las 11 para dejar el apartamento y tuvimos que estar 1h esperando porqué llegó tarde y cuando por fin llegó se puso hablar por teléfono, a parte que si queréis dejar las maletas hasta que salga vuestro taxi al aeropuerto os cobrarán igual que cualquier depósito, cosa que después de estar 10 días... podrían decirte de dejarlas o al menos rebajarte el precio. Apartamento bem localizado, perto de estações de metro e de várias atrações de NYC. Atende bem ao que é anunciado. Porém durante nossa estadia o elevador estava em manutenção e só fomos avisados na véspera da chegada. Isso foi bastante desagradável. Emplacement excellent qui est le seul point positif.L appartement est proposé pour 6 personnes cela me paraît exagéré il n y a que 2 véritables lits et le 3ème couchage est un canapé même pas canapé lit. La climatisation est hors d âge et bruyante et l appartement est vieillissant gare aux photos ! The window has a crack in it so a lot of cold air gets in. Bring a lot of blankets if you want to stay here. Not only that but you can hear a lot of noise from downstairs pretty much all night and the blinds let all the light in through the window at night. Other than that its a good location and everything else was just as expected. Muy agradable Really nice location and clean. UNA UBICACIÓN MUY BUENA  A poca distancia de los mejores lugares de NYC y con todo cerca; Restaurantes, bares, supermercado, tiendas, etc.   Si mejoran el aislamiento del ruido y ponen unas cortinas que bloqueen mejor La Luz, la verdad es que sería ideal.  Pero el apartamento es muy cómodo y con una ubicación muy buena	0
676	The host canceled this reservation 6 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 7 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Lovely spacious studio flat on a high floor. Comfortable and clean like having q nice home base during your stay.  The loft was very clean and modern looking! And the location was great! Just a few blocks from Whole Foods and lots of dining options nearby. We were met by Torin who gave us a great welcome. Would definitely choose this place again if ever I come back to NY! This place was fantastic. Modern, clean and comfortable. Considering the location the price is also eminently reasonable. Great stay. Amazing gem in Chelsea! Next to the 1 train. 5 mins walking from MSG, 15 from Times Square. Great communication. By far the best shower that I have ever been in haha :). Overall great and will be back. Thank you!	1
677	This place was Amazing. Exactly what the pictures show and the price was just right for the space and location.  I would rather stay here than a hotel. We had everything we need for a group of 5 and couldnt have asked for a better experience. Also the host was super nice and available for questions. Glad to have been the first guest to stay here This place was an absolute diamond.  The host were absolutely amazing, and gave prompt responses when we needed anything.  This place was very well maintained, clean, and had so much room! This will be my first choice when returning! Great host, very responsive and accommodating. We love so much the place that we decided to extend our stay to four more nights. This is definitely a place I will chose for my guests in future should the place be available. I used to host my guests & business partners in 4+ stars hotels in New York, but net net, I feel that I made a much better choice than  booking a 4+ hotel. I highly recommend this place and it has all you need to have nice stay in Manhattan. Great place, great value and great host.  my second stay, see earlier comment. Highly recommend Great place.	1
678	"Place is very nice, far nicer than any random hotel you might stay in, and of course will house basically your entire crew.  Three bedrooms, an actual kitchen, bunch of 24 hour bodegas in walking distance, nearby transit.  Whats not to like? The location is wonderful! Just a block away from Madison Square park, wonderful nightlife and shopping near by! The apartment is beautiful, clean, and spacious, with lots of room for sleeping. The kitchen and bathroom are very nice. It was very easy to coordinate check-in, they were very understanding when we were running late. It is a little loud, but on 6th Ave thats too be expected.  Great place, super close to a few subway stations, great bars, food, and entertainment. Molik responded very quickly to emails and his assistant always answered her phone.  Cute and cozy! Great location! Easy check In and check out! Great location centrally located in Manhattan.  Close to all of your basic needs: coffee shop, grocery store, F Subway line is one block south.  Apartment was as described. Very cozy, clean and spacious enough for a group of 3-5.  Communication with host great and they were very accommodating.  I would love the opportunity to stay there again on a future trip to the Big Apple.  The loft was exactly like the pictures and very well located.   A little loud but it didnt disturb us.   We were 3 adults and 2 children and felt comfortable; a good temperature inside despite the cold outside.  10mn walking from the Empire State Building, several subway stations and a lot of restaurants and snacks around.   We didnt see Molik but easy check in and check out; the loft was clean.  We really appreciated our staying!  Just a suggestion: it would be good to have a small closet to put our clothes.   The photos accurately portray the space. Its a short climb up 2 flights. The three bedrooms are separated by walls that stop about a foot from the ceiling so all noise travels. (!) Speaking of noise, windows face 6th Ave so there is the bustle on NYC traffic. On our first night there was no heat. The apt is well situated, several subway lines a block or less away,  Fairway and Whole Foods nearby.  Appartement très bruyant avec aucune isolation sur la rue , froid et bruit . 3 chambres côte à côte, petites et ouvertes au plafond , lumière et bruit qui passe . Aucune fenêtre dans lappartement hormis celles des chambres . Très sombre . Positif : très bien placé à 50 mètres du métro 23th . Pas top du tout  Great spot and Molik could not have been more accommodating. The loft is in a great Chelsea location, pretty central to everything. The pictures are accurate. Kathy, his housekeeper met me at the appointed time with the keys and we had no problems with anything. Having a w/d is rare and definitely came in handy to keep packing to  minimum.  Enjoyed a fantastic stay in New York last weekend with two friends. This is an ideal location and matched exactly the photos. I would agree with below reviews stating that it was loud but hey it is the city that never sleeps, we bought some ear plugs and slept without a problem.  The apartment was clean and tidy on arrival, and both check in / check out was efficient. We arrived on a evening flight from London so checked it late but this worked well with Nancy. Recommend this as an ideal base for a short city break. Molik apartment was amazing great location close to all. We only stay 2 nights it was very cozy and and private.  Incredibly convenient location, less than a block from the F train, 23rd St station. Cozy place. As described in other reviews, the three rooms walls dont reach all the way to the ceiling, so there are limits to privacy. Plenty of room for our family of five. Good communication with Molik.  Molik was a terrific host, very attentive on the requests and information. The apartment was clean, beds comfortable and shower worked well. It is in Chelsea, and we were able to walk to Times Square and Union Square comfortably. Couple of things you might want to consider: 1. The apartment is cosy, with just enough room for 5 of us... Maybe 6 would be a squeeze. I would suggest eating out and exploring the city more than staying in the apartment 2. There are about 45 steps on a staircase from street level to apartment door... Good exercise of problematic depending on your health 3. There is a really good Italian place on 7th avenue near 23rd, called Bella Napoli. 4. There is Trader Joes and Fairway really nearby. 5. Good restaurants on 7th avenue. 6. None of the bedroom walls go to the ceiling, there is an opening at the top, so privacy is very limited! In all, it was a good stay (it was my wife and I, with my 3 teenage children), at a very affordable rate for NYC, with a very good host in Molik Perfect for our trip. Great communication, cozy apartment. Would definitely stay there again.  This was a great space. Perfect for the four of us for our girls weekend.  We felt very welcome and it was very clean.  The apartment was close to everything! Great location and great communication with the host! Thank you so much Great place! Loved the location! Very close to Madison sq park. Plenty of room and clean. We felt safe walking around at all times day and night. Apartment was stocked with everything you would need. Highly recommend for a great weekend trip!  We stayed in April 2016, there was 6 of us & the apartment was great. Great location close to everything. Did have a delay in getting the keys, the person who was meeting us was 2 hours late.   Molik  Here are issues I want to address. Whoever is managing this apt isnt paying attention to your asset.  I was extremely disappointed. Would have moved to hotel but already paid almost $1500 for this place and couldnt afford any additional expenses.   I feel a 50% refund is fair.   I will send you pics shortly  Here are the issues:  Lights under kitchen cupboards didnt work  No stopper in bathroom sink-water bug came up through drain! Disgusting!  Tv didnt work  Bed in middle bedroom sank in middle  Bedding was not represented as in pictures  All doors, baseboards  and light switches were filthy   Shower had mold throughout and unsanitary  Bathroom very dirty  Bathroom walls had stains throughout near sink  Entire floors in apt very dirty  Cleaning contact didnt respondTo any of my texts first day   Towels were stained and tattered so gross-washed them in hot water as they didnt look clean  No closets, hooks, hangars for clothing. Had to put all Luggage on dirty floors  Toilet ran constantly  This was my first experience with Air BNB. Felt mislead and apt not what was represented on site.    Let me know how you want to handle this.   Thank you.  Maggi Rosenberg    Overall, it was a fair experience.  Apt is in a great location.  We were met at the apt on time with keys, a quick apt tour & verbal instructions.  The 2nd floor walk-up wasnt so easy, 50 steep steps!   The apartment looked just as the photos had depicted-so no disappointment there.  Living/dining room furniture was comfortable and kitchen amenities were nice.  We appreciated having the washer/dryer to use.  Sure wish there was a large or full length mirror somewhere in the living room to help accommodate for just 1 bathroom vanity/mirror.  2 of the 3 beds were comfortable. The middle bed was not!  There are no closets, nor any hangers or place to hang anything up. The bathroom shower, sink & toilet seemed clean but the bathroom cabinet, walls, doors & trim really need a good scrubbing.  They have definitely been neglected.  Towels all need to be replaced with new.  Though old & well worn, the towels seemed clean however, once used and damp, it was easy to smell the old embedded sour/mildew smell from being left wet too long.  Yuck...  Overall, we did enjoy our stay and appreciated the NYC apt experience but dont know if we would re-book this particular location unless some of the shortcomings were dealt with. Very nice Apartment in a great spot of Manhattan. Metro at the corner and possibilities to shop and eat all over. Fully equipped kitchen to cook. A/C in two rooms and very comfy beds. We had a great stay. Would stay there again. Gorgeous loft, it has such a new york feeling and it is located in a wonderful area. I loved this place. Molik was great with communication and helpful at all times. Would definitely stay again Good responses from the host and we greeted with the keys promptly and also left the keys all in good time once arrangements were in place. We realised that unlike hotels we cant leave our bags at an AirB&B necessarily after check out but our host did try to accommodate us which didnt work out for our plans but thankfully there is a place near Penn Station. Something to consider though. Couldnt fault the location (Chelsea) although being above a sex shop may not suit everyone but we chuckled when loitering in the doorway to the pavement a couple of times. First impressions once through the door not great either - other reviews hinted at the number of steps and they are right - hard work with a suitcase but the hint is in the word ""loft"". The stairwell really needs a bit of love - had a look of commercial not residential about it. Shower/toilet serviceable as were the tables and chairs and sofas - the latter we didnt need to use as a sofabed and didnt try to put out to see if it could then be passed during the night for the toilet but suggest that would be a last resort use for visitors. Kitchen was equipped enough but the rustic look of the units wasnt quite what it seemed on the photos when seen close up and the cupboards and drawers are close to falling off their hinges. The price is good for a small group if compare to a hotel but think about who will be using this apartment - family? couples? singles? - they need to tolerate the fact that the 3 double bedrooms turned out to be a dorm-style row of beds, divided by wafer-thin partitions that stopped almost two feet short of the ceiling which meant that privacy was a thing of the past. Not to be daunted we continued to be amused at wishing each other goodnight “Waltons style” right through to the final night. See photo 22 on the listing, we missed that detail... The partition arrangement of the bedrooms also incorporated the kitchen/living area lighting – so little sleep would have been had if anyone had wanted to stay up later than the others, even to read in the lounge, let alone put the kettle on in the morning without waking the others. Air con in 2 rooms bit noisy and near headboards if left on at night. A full length mirror would be good. Storage was another issue... there isn’t any, apart from a few tiny drawers in the bedrooms. Although 14 hangers for clothes were there to be used, where do you use them?! No hooks on the bedroom doors, no clothes rails, nothing. Even one of the coat hooks by the front door was missing. The smelly towels have been mentioned in other reviews and sadly we can only agree. Windows were filthy. Nevertheless, we can laugh about it, werent there that much and loved our... The location was great, the apartment was clean.  The bedrooms are extremely small but the living space are was great.  A couple drawbacks: the apartment faces 6th Ave so it was pretty noisy at night, there was no remote for the TV and even though we got it to work manually there was no reception/channels, the wifi was pretty spotty so it was hard to work in the apartment.   Perfect location in Chelsea! However, the place itself was not the best. The rooms are only divided by thin barriers that do not reach the ceiling so you can hear every noise coming from all three rooms. Not ideal when someone in your group snores loudly! The host was quick to respond with small issues we had.  Great location! Brought my mother here for her 60th, with the rest of the family - so six in total. Very close to subway, short walks to places like Macys and the Empire State Building.    Be warned: all three rooms are actually one room divided by thin false walls, so if you have a snorer, watch out! It also means theres not much daylight coming into the apartment (though not a problem if you expect to be out enjoying NYC).    Our host was in touch when we needed him and had the flexibility on check-out that we wanted. Thanks Molik! This was our first experience using air b n b and we are all in after the experience. My host did an excellent job of making me feel comfortable. The place was clean and very near to the subway/within downtown; so convenient. Molik or her assistant was kind enough to let us leave our bags beyond the checkout time.  The flight of stairs can be quite a challenge especially with luggages but thats more of the way the building was built.   If we come back to nyc we would definitely love to stay here again. Great location.  Molik was very responsive to each of our queries and accommodating in terms of our late arrival (the timing of which changed due to extreme delays with flights). Vi var fire voksne som delte leiligheta. Den lille leiligheta  (ca 40-45 kvadratmeter) ligger på 6th Avenue, sentralt på Lower Manhatten og brukes åpenbart kun til utleieformål. Tre små soverom med queen beds er presset inn. Veggene er tynne og går ikke helt opp til taket. Alle merker hvis en har lyset på om kvelden, og samtaler kan høres som om man er i samme rom. Madrasser som knirker når man snur seg i senga høres godt mellom rommene.   Leiligheta har komfyr, stort kjøleskap, en effektiv industri-vaskemaskin samt tørketrommel. Oppvaskmaskin mangler.   Som følge av den lille plassen og manglende muligheter for å henge opp håndklær og klær oppleves den som noe upraktisk. På badet finnes kun to knagger. Det er ikke mulig å ha kofferter liggende åpne på soverommene, og strengt tatt bare plass til en åpen koffert i oppholdsrommet.  Leiligheten mangler skapplass til klær, og det finnes ikke knagger på soverommene eller andre løsninger for oppbevaring / oppheng av klær.  Speil finnes kun på badet.  Det midterste soverommet mangler aircondition og ble varmt om natta (det var ca 30 grader ute), mens de andre to har ac plassert i vinduene, rett bak hodegjerdet på sengene. Lyd fra ac kan oppleves forstyrrende.  Soverommene vender ut mot 6th avenue, som er trafikkert hele døgnet. Lyd fra trafikk og sirener høres godt. Vinduene er ikke lydisolerte, så ørepropper anbefales hvis man trenger ro for å sove.  Wifi var ustabilt og tregt når flere enn en var pålogget.  Renholdet var greit, men en ordentlig rundvask kunne trenges.  På badet var det synlige flekker på dørkarm og vegger.   Oppgangen (trapper og gulv) var skitten da vi kom og ble ikke rengjort i løpet av tiden vi bodde der.   Leiligheta var ikke klar før 2.5 timer etter avtalt tid, men dette ble kompensert ved at vi, etter forespørsel, fikk sjekke ut kl 4 pm i stedet for kl 11am.  Alt i alt kan leiligheta egne seg til kortere opphold (et par netter) om man ikke har for store krav, og ønsker sentral plassering på Lower Manhatten, nær t-bane og i gangavstand til mye. Men den passer ikke så godt til flere for lengre opphold, siden det er så trangt og lytt der.      Molik was great to work with.  Prior to arriving we experienced delays moving through traffic.  Molik was great in working with us ensuring that we would still be able to obtain the keys with no issue.  When we arrived, the place was exactly as expected, we could not have asked for a better location.  Zero issues with this apartment.  Would absolutely stay here again. Echanges agréables et réponses rapides. Nous a rendu aimablement service pour le dernier jour en prolongeant le délai de sortie. Merci  4 of us stayed in Molik s apartment while we were in NYC.  The apartment was neat and tidy and had all the amenities we needed.  There was plenty of bedding, towels and other essentials provided.  The apartment is as described and the pictures are accurate.  The only slight negative we found was that the rooms were quite small and fitting a couple plus luggage into a room was a bit challenging but we made it work.  The air-conditioning was great and we made good use of it over the past very hot week.  Wifi was fast and worked really well to help us plan our trip.  The location is excellent with easy access to subways and only a short walk to Broadway and Times Square.  Molik was easy to contact and had good communication.  We enjoyed our stay here and would definitely consider starting here again if we were back in NYC. En voyage à NY pour 2 nuits, nous avons passé un excellent séjour dans cet appartement ! Moliks apartment was great! Although the rooms were separated by walls that didnt touch the ceiling that wasnt a problem for us. The kitchen was well equipped and bathroom tidy. The location is central right near a subway station, walking distance to many sights and shops. Keep in mind it is on 6th avenue so can be noisy, but thats New York for you. Molik was very helpful and responsive. We were unable to check in for the first two days but Molik helped us get into alternative accommodation for one of those nights. Would recommend! Great great place!  The apartment was in a great location and plenty of space with 3 large beds if you are looking for a place to stay for a smaller group trip.   The apartment is well represented by the photos. It is a bit rough around the edges - but it was the authentic New York apartment experience we asked for. The beds are comfy. Molik is easy to deal with and responsive. We arrived later than expected and we were met with the keys when we arrived. The apartment is a central location for sightseeing in New York.  I gave the apartment less stars than it perhaps deserves because the AirBnB experience did not work for me. I had 2 children with me and I missed the security and service provided by a hotel. The doorway onto the street and outside of the apartment is kind of rough. The ability to leave luggage at the hotel upon checkout and have them call a cab to the airport would have helped a lot. As it was I walked 10 blocks with 6 bags and couldnt get  a cab. I asked for an authentic New York apartment and this is it. It turned out that that wasnt what I was looking for.  Très bien situé, propre et aucun soucis !  Moliks place is at a great location to explore the Chelsea district and a quick subway ride to the rest of the city! Very clean and great to hang out in the evening in the main room. Enough space for 6 ppl. Molik is very easy to get a hold of and prompt getting back to you if you have questions. Place was clean and decorated so cute. Our only complaint was that one of the beds was uncomfortable and had very loud squeaking noise when you moved. Highly recommend staying here for your trip to NYC! This is a great place to stay. Located just a a short walk/subway ride from MSG, Times Square, Central Park, etc. Molik is responds in a timely manner and is a great host. Generally a good stay, the location is totally central and the apartment itself was perfect for us and the pictures are accurate. Downside are the stairs up with luggage, the entrance in general is quite shabby, and there is a lot of outside noise, no window insulation which made it a little drafty. The walls in the rooms are just separators not reaching the ceiling, fine for us but does limit privacy. Great location in the city!  This was a great place to stay for our trip.  The location was great, close to subway but also a good central location so you can walk to most places.  Lots of bars and restaurants nearby as well.  Apartment was clean and a good size for the 3 of us.  Molik was very responsive to any questions that we asked and check in and check out arrangements were well organised. Great location to where I needed to be. A fair amount of street level noise that could be heard, but I chalked in to the NYC experience. If youre a light sleeper, then make some precautions.  The cleaning lady was friendly and accommodating for a letter checkin. Over good value for the number of guests.  This place was awesome! Molik was super responsive and accommodating with all my requests and questions. The cleaning lady, Anna was also super helpful, nice, and responsive. They made the whole thing so easy. The place was just as described - clean, private, pretty much everything we expected. Definitely recommend.  This apartment was a disappointment from the beginning of our stay.  It is located above as ex shop on 6th Ave and the stair way to the apartment was dirty and grimy with what looked like blood stains on one of the the steps.    Before I launch into every thing that is wrong with this apartment I would say it is conveniently in lower midtown Manhattan on 6th Ave with 1 x metro stop at the corner and another line stop 1 block east.    If you didnt care about your surroundings it would make a good crash pad for someone who was in town for the weekend and wanted somewhere convenient to stay. Unfortunately that is about the extent of the pluses.    Lets start with the negatives:  It is advertised as a 3 bedroom apartment whilst it does have 3 x beds they are not exactly in rooms they are more like partitioned enclosures. The owner has take the living room and put a wall across the middle (not the wall is not full height so there is no privacy t all in any of the bed rooms) and then divided the walled off space into 3 to create 3 x bed spaces. There is barely enough room for a bed, certainly no room for storage. Just enough space to put a suitcase on the floor and live out of that for your stay.    The other impact of the bedroom walls is that they effectively close out the natural light (what there is, the windows are covered with blinds that cant be moved and the windows outside filthy) from the living space.    Now lets start with the “advertised” features:  Cable TV, listed as being in the apartment, not there. Owners response - oh sorry  Normal TV, reception is so bad the picture freezes on most channels and is un watchable.  High Speed Internet, what a joke, the apartment apparently share the modem with the apartment next door, the further you moved away from the front door the slower it got.. I have had quicker dial up connections. Owners response was so confusing we gave up  Microwave Oven, yes the apartment did have a microwave oven but it didnt have a power point to plug it into. To use it you had to carry across to the other end of the kitchen bench and plug it into the power point there. Mind you you couldnt use any other appliance as the power board kept shorting when you used more than one appliance.  3 x Queen Beds, yes it did have 3 x queen beds but the mattresses are so saggy you ket rolling in  to the middle of the bed,  they were almost unusable for two people.   Moliks place was great.  Centrally located with a ton to do in the area.  We had travel delays and had to check in much later than anticipated.  Molik was extremely accommodating and we were able to check in without any issues.  Would definitely stay again! Great location, and Molik was quick to respond and very professional. Apartment itself is up three floors with no elevator so not good if you have heavy luggage or cant traverse the stairs easily. The three rooms are nice but small, though the beds in two of the rooms were difficult/uncomfortable  to sleep on according to our friends. Place has a nice amount of upgrades so it feels more modern. Would consider staying here again.  Das Appartement liegt recht zentral. Es ist eher eine Einraumwohnung mit engebauten Wänden um drei Schlafzimmer mit Doppelbetten zu schaffen der Nachteil ist, dass die Wände nicht bis zur Decke reichen und daher die Privatsphäre etwas verloren geht.  Wir hatten an zwei Tagen Probleme mit der Heizung es wurde aber recht schnell reagiert und wir haben kleine Heizstrahler bekommen bis es behoben wurde.  Die Kommunikation verlief sehr gut und es wurde schnell geantwortet. It was lovely staying at Moliks place. Wonderful location - it is so close to everything!  This apartement has a great location on 6th avenue, 23rd street. Its close to Soho, Lower east and Lower west side, and Times square. It looks exactly like the photos with three bedrooms ( although the walls dont go all the way up to the ceiling), kitchen and a bathroom with shower. We spent four days in NY in March when it was cold and so was the apartement but there were small electric radiators so we managed to get the heat up a bit. Outside, the streets a bit scruffy and there is no elevator in the building but the apartement is quite nice. It was really easy to check in and out and to communicate with the host.  Great location and perfect for 4 people only. Ask if stove working in advance and although no issues at all with security would not keep your valuables here as cleaner, building maintenance and shop downstairs all have spare keys.  Good place just to sleep for a few days. Not family friendly. Not good for cooking meals, but may be better once the gas range and oven  are working. No closets but does have a washer and dryer. But dryer needs repair as it takes over 2 1/2 hours to dry towels. Stairs are steep and  unit is on the third floor over 2 businesses. 2 couches ok to sleep on. WiFi is slow. Could only get 1 TV channel. But who wants to watch TV when you are in NYC.  Location is great. Rate reasonable for 6 people. The description of the unit needs to be more accurate so guests know what to expect. This place was pretty good value.  We were 6 girls coming to NY to party for the weekend. There were some stairs for sure, but after brunch you need the exercise anyway. We had light luggage so it wasnt bad. The building felt safe.  We actually liked the open ceilings in the bedrooms. Trader Joes, Eataly, and myriad other food/supplies stores are within short walking distance which is great. Tons of towels, glasses, plates, which was perfect for there being 6 of us. Also nice that they had emergency shower gel/shampoo though we didnt need it.   The mirrors and lighting situation are not ideal if people are serious about makeup and hair (I am not, some of the girls were): 1 bathroom mirror and two face sized mirrors. It will work but you have to find the spots.  There wasnt a full length mirror the first night, but I asked if it might be possible to bring one over and they were able to- the host/host keeper are great and really wanted to help (we had Anna).  Not a ton of drawer or shelf space, be prepared for that. Enough hangers. Lots of space overall.  Wi-fi was fine for all of us, but bring a speaker if you want music. The TV seemed only connected to one or two channels, but I hate TV so I was happy with that. Pictures oversell the apartment. Its quite old, wifi was poor and tv didnt work. Needs a lot of improvements The apartment is as described and in a great location.  Molik was excellent and timely with communication responding to questions and coordinating our check-in/out schedule.  Only issues we had were spotty wifi and the TV channels not coming in well.  But no real reason to sit and watch TV when youre in Manhattan.  Be aware that the hot water in the shower seemed to take a noticeably long time to make its way from the hot water heater.  Would definitely recommend staying here if it fits your style and budget. Muy muy buen departamento , en plenaa ciudad de nueva york, de lo mejor Enjoyable spot for 5 people. Would stay again! This apartment is a good size for New York and is generally consistent with the pictures. Guests should know that the bedrooms are not complete - they are divided by partial walls, which provide no sound or light barriers to each other or the living room/kitchen.  The bathroom is nice, but the hot water is sketchy at best.  The kitchen is very nice. The wifi was unreliable to non-existent.    The location is generally convenient, but the apartment is located directly above an adult video and sex toy shop, complete with ""viewing rooms."" I would never had stayed there with my children if I had known that.  The owner requires check in and check out by appointment only. (This means checkout is not ""by 11 am,"" it is a specific appointment, providing no flexibility if your travel plans change. The owner tried to accommodate our earlier arrival, but again, with a specific appointment. Theres no lockbox or code.)  Like a lot of New York apartments, its a walk up. If you cant do a lot of stairs this is not a god fit. The first flight covers 2 stories.  None of us found the beds to be comfortable, though they were better for one than for two. Nice apartment with 3 separate rooms (the walls do not go to the ceiling so although there is privacy not much. It is up to the 3rd floor no elevator and the middle bed caves in so youre better off sleeping on the couch but I hear the other 2  needs were decent . It was very close to everything in the city. We enjoyed our time in the city and as for how much we were at the apartment it was ok. People wrote pretty accurate reviews about this place. Read before booking. For my purposes, this place was perfect. I was in town for work so I needed a clean, well located place to rest my head. Glad I booked at this place. We had a great stay here. The place was clean and check in was a breeze. I do want to say that there was not much hot water for the shower but overall it was a great stay. Molik was very quick on response.   We had waited until last minute to book and thought we were going to be homeless, but Molik was there to save the trip.  Also, very accommodating with check in and check out.  Checked in to make sure things were good.  Place itself it perfectly situated to make your Manhattan visit all it can be.   I would certainly stay again and recommend you do too. The apartment is in a great location with great access to transport.  a few things that need attention... all of the beds were very uncomfortable and the middle bed was covered in plastic and made a very loud noise all night, the shower door will not stay shut, the dryer does not work and the doors to the bedrooms are not really connected to the frame properly. Also it would have been handy to have more than one key given that there was six of us.  Molik was very responsive and the cleaner that met up with us was lovely and helpful PLEASE READ THE REVIEWS. Most of the reviews are an accurate and honest depiction of the apartment.  Pros: We thought the location was great. Lots of shopping places and decent food within walking distance. The common area had a comfortable amount of space. Molik was polite and prompt in communicating with me for majority of our trip.  Cons: We had to wait for the cleaning lady to meet us upon arrival. As she invited us into the home she told us the gas stove didn’t work and the dryer didn’t work well. “3 bedrooms” is a bit of a stretch, it’s more like 3 beds with dry wall dividers. Small pieces of the countertop were loose and the cabinets were falling apart. Toilet paper was never restocked after being told by the host the cleaning lady would come the next day. This being said I could bear with these inconveniences but the most important part that needs to be mentioned is the EXTREMELY hot water pipe in the bathroom that I accidentally touched after a shower which resulted in a 3 inch 2nd degree burn on my arm. I implore the host to please have this taken care of before anyone else should stay here. I never received a response back from the host about this.  I’ll advise this a not a family-friendly home. There’s a lot of loose ends that need to be tied up. Please keep these things in mind if you are considering to stay here."	0
679	"Unfortunately Wes wasnt able to host us, due to technical issues in his room, but he proposed a really good alternative. It was highly appreciated, to have this opportunity so quickly! My sister stayed at Wess apartment and thoroughly enjoyed herself.  The place was clean, right next to the subway and Wes was very helpful.  Would definitely stay here again. It was not only one beautiful day in Brooklyn! We´ve spend by Wes tree weeks long great holyday. Wes is super cool guy and so nice, he send us even emaillist, with funny events in area. And also we´ve met a handful af amazing people at his place!  The apartment was cozy and well furnished, a grocery and metro at the corner.  Everything was ready and easygoing, the code-lock is the best invention :D. +Good wi-fi as well.  We really enjoyed!   I only met Wes shortly, but he seemed really nice person. He furthermore went the extra mile to make my stay in Brooklyn as relaxing and pleasant as possible.  The room and bet sheets were clean and I had a really comfortable stay. I would recommend this place to others and probably stay here again, if I ever go back to NY.    Goede communicatie om het appartement te bereiken vanaf de luchthaven en om binnen te geraken. Inrichting was basic maar meer hadden we eigenlijk niet nodig. Goede locatie, minder dan 5 minuten stappen naar de metro. Onderweg kan je een koffie meepikken. Op een half uurtje ben je in centrum Manhattan. De buurt oogt misschien wat ruw maar het is er niet onveilig.    Wes is vriendelijk en behulpzaam. Hij heeft ons ook geholpen met praktische zaken om bv. onze tickets af te drukken, adresjes om te gaan brunchen, etc... Clase to the subway station, Wes was s great host, clean and pretty room and bathroom, lots of natural light.  Wes is very wrlcoming.  Wes was a great host and was happy to tell us lots about the city and the local neighbourhood. The location was great, really close to the subway which can take you anywhere you like and is easy to navigate. The apartment was super clean and the kitchen was great to use. The room (room 2) was a little warm but the AC unit worked well...if a little noisy!  Instantly welcomed by Wes, the place was bright and clean. This was a great location to get around easily using the subway.  It was a beautiful day in Brooklyn! Wes home is very clean and inviting. It is very close to the G line and there is an amazing corner store steps away.   Wes was an incredible host! Great conversationalist and was there to answer questions/give suggestions anytime! Neil, who takes care of the home, was also super amazing and showed me around the neighbourhood!   Next time I am NYC I hope there is an available room because this is the place to stay in Brooklyn! The house was just a described! We enjoyed our New York stay and Wes made our stay very easy. Would definitely stay again! Thank you Wes.  We didnt actually meet Wes but we were met by a neighbour on the first day and showed to our room. The shared living quarters were very nice and the room was small but tidy and air conditioned (which was a huge help).  Everybody was very friendly . Wes is very hospitable and really good man. He works hard but when we saw him its a very nice to talk. Although the place is very budget option. You get what you pay for. Our room was upstairs and its very hot there. Theres an air conditioner, but its too noisy.  We didnt have hot water in the bathroom at the floor so we had to go downstairs to take shower. Big plus is location, near subway. Also many different people from different countries stay at this house so youll be able to meet them. We spent beautiful days in brookly. The house is located at a great place and in a quiet neighborhood. In a word, it is highly recommended. The flat was easy to find an everything with the room Codes worked fine at our arrival! The neighbourhood is not the best but okay.   unfortunately The room we got was not the same shown on the airbnb Website. Also the other rooms Look much better on the pictures than in Reality! Besides that we felt good there. My fiance and I had a great time in NY! Wes house is clean and nice and it had everything we need. The Check-in was very well organized so we had no problems. Only negative thing might be the air condition, cause we were sleeping under the roof,  so it was very warm and the air condition very loud and didnt work that well. (There was warm air coming out of the back of the air condition so the room was warmer afterwards then it was before.) But thats a thing you can deal with and we still enjoyed our trip! :)     We didnt get the chance to meet Wes, but we would love to do that next time. Cause we would love to stay at your house next time as well!     Kind regards,  Martha and Niklas Nice airbnb:) Our days in Brooklyn were indeed beautiful! Wes house is very neat and clean and so was our room. The apartment is perfectly located in Brooklyn:  only a 2 minutes walk to the Subway. Wes is a good host, who knows what his guests need.  Ma soeur et moi avons trouvé la chambre prête aux heures prévues .  Elle est spacieuse pour 2 personnes. Lappartement est proche du métro et à quelques rues des commerces ! Lair climatisé est un vrai plus surtout en été . Cest un bon rapport qualité-prix que je recommande à tous.   Malheureusement nous navons pas rencontré Wes par manque de temps, mais merci pour cette chambre à New York !      Our room wasnt clean enought. Towels and sheets were stained. The air conditioned was noisy and didnt work well. We arrived in NYC during a heat wave. An air conditioning unit kept the small room that we were assigned bearable. However, the hallways and bathroom (no a/c) were unbearably hot.   We were assigned an attic  room on the third floor.  My husband who is 6 feet 4 inches could NOT stand up straight in any part of the room. I am 5 feet 4 inches. I could stand up in about half of the room. When my husband mentioned this to the owner, my husband was told owner couldnt stand up straight in his room either.   CONCERNS:  no railing on steep stairway up to third floor; shared unventilated bathroom (shared with 4 rooms on third floor) left messy (wet towel on floor; toothpaste in sink; hair in tub; no soap or washcloth); second floor bathroom opens within 3 feet of kitchen counter; no smoke detectors in our room or visible on third floor; 2 smoke detectors disabled on first and second floors; no visible fire escape or fire extinguishers; huge tear in window screen on second floor; dicey neighborhood where I did not feel safe walking after dark.  A comfortable stay in an upcoming part of Brooklyn for more than a reasonable price. The house is big and clean, its nice to have met some other guests during our stay and Wes is a truly accommodating person. Perfect spot to explore NYC and surroundings, as the metro is around the corner. Just a great spot. I highly recommend Wess place. You will enjoy your absolute privacy. He created a great system. All the doors have codes. In 3 days we havent even met Wes.  Very hotel-like experience.  Lappartement est propre et proche du métro mais nous avons eu limpression que cétait plus une auberge de jeunesse quun air bnb puisque wes nétait pas la pendant la totalité de notre séjour  (10 jours). Cependant, lappartement correspondait à nos attentes et nous y avons passé un agréable séjour. Everything was clear when we got to the place. It was easy access and he make it all clear for everyone how to get it to the house. The was is pretty and clean. We had amazing time staying at this place. The place is not far from Manhattan. And there are lot of good food places within a mile.  Muy cómodo, a 40 minutos de Manhattan :)  Wir haben für vier Nächte bei Emily übernachtet. Alles war überwiegend wie auf den Bildern dargestellt. Wohnzimmer und Küche haben wir nicht genutzt, lediglich dort geschlafen. Dafür war es vollkommen in Ordnung. Es war sauber und ordentlich, auch wenn die Möbel schon etwas älter waren. Sehr gut gefallen hat uns das unkomplizierte Aus- und Einchecken, da man das Haus und den Wohnbereich per Türcode öffnen konnte. Auch das W-LAN hat gut funktioniert. Die Unterkunft liegt in einer guten Ecke, wir haben uns nicht unsicher gefühlt. In 20 Minuten kann man gut Manhattan erreichen, die Metro-Station ist wirklich nur 2 Minuten zu Fuß entfernt. Wir kommen gern wieder! Les plus :  - Les photos sont conformes à la réalité.  - Le logement est à quelques pas du métro  - La localisation du logement permet de découvrir Brooklyn qui est un quartier très sympa  - Il était possible dutiliser la cuisine    Les moins :  - La salle de bain nétait pas propre  - Le logement fonctionne comme une auberge, nous aurions apprécié rencontrer notre hôte It was a great place to stay. Very comfortable place In bed-stu. Close to transportation. Place was clean, comfortable, and great location. Though we didnt meet Emily, (arrived late and spent very little time in actual space, I mean come on, we were in New York) everything was great. Comfortable bed, very close to the Metro, definitely recommend staying here!   I did not meet the host. The house was warm and secure with a comfortable bed, clean towels and sheets and my room had a locking door with key provided. I only met Emily briefly as I was leaving, but she was very nice and friendly! The room was clean and the bed was comfy.  Very close to the train, which is always beneficial! If youre looking for a place in Brooklyn, I highly recommend staying here! Emily est très gentille et sait se mettre à la disposition des gens .   Chambre un peu froide pour la saison mais dans lensemble ça peut aller.     Manhattan à 20 min en métro ( ligne G avec changement sur la ligne A) ce qui est agréable .    Merci à toi Emily !!!     Doriane & Catherine  Simple, hassle free stay. No troubles at all. The experience was similar to a hotel stay. There were about 6 individual bedrooms among 2 floors, and likely to be travelers in the other rooms, but we had plenty of privacy. Note, remember to bring body wash and shampoo as the bathrooms might be out of toiletries. I had a very good experience here!  The house and the room were as described, and I had everything I needed.  The room was a little chilly, but Emily was quick to provide me with an extra blanket when I requested one.  The location was very convenient to the subway, which was an added bonus. Great stay! The room, bathroom, and unit in general were all very clean! Our room got a little cold sometimes but it wasnt too bad. Super close to the subway station which was awesome! Overall  I am honored to live in Emilys home, thank you Emily for many help, so I travel smoothly in New York , Emilys home is very close to the subway , the location is very convenient...I highly recommend everyone to stay... Emily and Wes were very polite and friendly and responds to messages at any time around the clock.  They have designed this airbnb to be completely independent whereupon you get in by password locks.  You feel like a local and there is always someone around to chat to. The house is located in a very quiet and safe neighborhood (not far from nice restaurants and bars), very close to the subway station, which makes your stay in Ny easier. The wi-fi connection works really well and the room has a good amount of space and privacy. These are the good sides of the experience. The bad one is that our room was old, quite crumbling, and worst thing dirty. Big soiled stains on the floor, broken windows, no light bulbs in the lamps, just to give an idea. Rooms pictures on website must have been taken ages ago, when the house was new, or at least clean. Overall, an okay experience but Im not sure I would come back. We stayed at Emilys place in Brooklyn for 5 days. The accomondation was simply great! The place is clean und for NYCs conditions even quiet in the night and the subway is quite close (on the way is also a great café for a little breakfast ;)). I would recommend this place to my friends and family. This was the best accomondation we had within 3 weeks of travelling in the US. The place was comfortable and cozy. The room was slightly drafty though a few of the nights as the window for some reason didnt provide great insulation. Good privacy and the bed was comfy, although the bed sheet had a hole in it and didnt fit too well and should probably be replaced. Never met the hosts but checking in was easy and they were readily available should I have asked. Overall a good deal, but not the Ritz. The apartment was very nice and clean but my room was much smaller than I expected and also Im not sure if this was just my issue but my sheets were very itchy. I THINK this is due to what washing powder was used. Also the room was a little cold but I did contact the host and she inform me that she will provide a heater which she did with no problem. So if you have sensitive skin, like myself, I would suggest bring your own bedding. Overall the apartment is very close to trains and buses and I had no issues walking in the neighborhood at night. Therefore, regardless of my issues about the bedding and the room being a little small this apartment is very nice and is worth the money. I really loved the location of the apartment as well.  Place was ok, room was cold comparing to the rest of the house, take your own shampoo , soap , etc cause there are not much available. Easy to enter and leave place, did not had the chance to meet the host. She was so helpful and nice. She responds quickly and answers all your questions and helps you a lot. We didnt really have a chance to chitchat with her but she seemed like a really great person. The neighbors are kind too. When we got to the apartment, I was not sure that I was at the right place because it was dark and I couldnt really see clearly but her neighbor helped us. The apartment is exactly like those pictures she posts. only one thing, the room gets cold but Im pretty sure shed offer you a blanket. The G train is 2 minutes away from the apartment. I went to Archies bar & pizza and the pizza was great. I did like the place and the environment.  My experience can only be described with one word: Fantastic! While I did not occupy the room for hours, primarily using it to only sleep, everything about it was a great experience. The bathroom was easy to share, the refrigerator made storing food and perishables easy, etc.     Couple things to keep in mind:  The description states that your room will be prepared between 1-5 PM. Do not be surprised if you enter a room that has not been prepared. I was surprised, but I did not read the description. Upon arriving late at night, I was met with fresh sheets, a made bed, fresh towels, and it was fantastic!    To get to Manhattan, the train ride only takes 15-20 minutes. You take the L train to the G train to get to the apartment.     Thank you for a wonderful experience! Their place is located near the subway which is great. The room was clean and quiet and instructions were pretty clear Emily was really helpful and the room was cozy and great.   Ive never stayed in a hostel before, but I imagine this being the most hostel-y experience Ive had with AirBnB thus far. Instructions to enter were clear, someone was able to point us in the right direction of our room. We didnt use the common space, only the bathroom and our room.    Our room was fine, had its own air conditioning unit which was very helpful. There were hangers, plenty of outlets. Our bed only had a sheet on it, no blanket. I didnt read anything about where extra linens might be so we were pretty uncomfortable sleeping at night. For one night stay it was fine.     Morning time in the bathroom can be difficult and make you late for appointment if you dont plan to shower far ahead in advance. Everyone is trying to use the two bathrooms in the facility at the same time, and youll end up waiting in line to just take a piss, let alone shower.     Towels were provided but werent very absorbent. I only noticed because I have long hair. Most people wouldnt care (and I didnt really care at all) but if you happen to have thick long hair be warned. It was ok and clean. The host a bit stressed when I arrived (reg. giving out info about stuff reg. house and surroundings, I had to ask and got answers so guess that is ok). Close to subway - big plus. Clean.  This place has a great location and clean. Our only issue was the room we had was on the very top floor where the roof slanted. Its Great for a short person but my boyfriend is 64 so he had difficulty standing in the room. So if youre tall try to request the 1st floor. Other than that the room was well lit with natural light from over head sky light, clean and the bed a comfy Queen.   We also were there during one of the hottest months and the AC unit wasnt properly installed so it kept venting the hot air into the room.  Again top floor super hot with no air circulated. Request first floor if possible.   Overall we enjoyed the space it was clean and comfy. Emily was helpful and quickly responded to any concerns we had. And if they werent booked she would have changed our room to one with high ceilings.  The location is great. G Train 1 block away.  Best bodega right on the corner . It was a nice place to stay.   For sure it was near the G train Subway station and 20 mn To midtown Manhattan.   Just one thing : the place was not that clean (specially the bathroom).  一般 Muy buena ubicación, la habitación (2) era un poco calurosa pero cuenta con un enfriador que ayuda mucho para la temperatura.   El techo de la habitación es un poco bajo, pero para alguien de estatura promedio 1.70m no tiene problemas.   No tuvimos la oportunidad de conocer a Emily y Wes pero a través del correo electrónico todas las dudas se fueron resolviendo.    Everything was as in the pictures, I arrived at night and Emily said it wouldnt be a problem. The subway is 2 blocks away and there are bars in the near that area. I only stayed one night so I didnt get in touch with anyone, but when I go back to NYC I will try to book at Emilys place again. Texte en français à suivre...  A place to sleep, not so much to stay...  If you are only looking for a flat and a bed you can crash on at the end of an exhausting touristic day this is a good option to consider. Bathroom and fournitures were old and not super clean but it was okay.  We didnt receive any indications about the breakfast and the coffee machine just never worked.  We never met Emily neither Wes, and they didnt check with us if everything was okay.  The overall experience felt like a youth hostel.  A little bit too expensive for the experience and for the quality of the bedroom.  -------------- French -----------  Un appartement pour dormir et non pour vivre.  Si vous recherchez uniquement un lit où vous effondrer à la fin dune longue journée touristique, cet appartement est une option à considérer.   Si vous cherchez un cadre sympathique / unique avec un hôte attentionné, vous pouvez passer votre chemin.   La salle de bain et les meubles nétaient pas ultra propres mais cétait vivable.  Aucune indication ne nous as été communiquée concernant le petit-déjeuner.  Nous navons jamais rencontré Wes ou Emily et ils nont pas communiqué avec nous pour sassurer que tout était okay.  Trop chère pour le service proposé et lemplacement / chambre. Our stay at Emilys place was very good. I didnt have many problems at all with what was described vs. what we got for the price. It is listed at an affordable rate and is in an older, but well cultured area of Bedfordstuy/Brooklyn. Amenities in the area include nearby places to eat for quick food (bought or dined in) within walking distance and a huge benefit of having a metro subway stop only one block away! There is also a cool coffee shop on the block called Mary & Myrtle we went to every morning. Emilys home was clean and well maintained and the instructions for entry and setup were clear and listed in multiple places (email and a few places in the house). She also had great suggestions for things to do in the area and for bigger attractions since NYC can be quite a lot to plan and take in. She works at the 9/11 memorial so she can share good insight with her renters. It was a very good first experience for me using AirBnB. Thank you Emily! Spaß gehabt 10/10 Nice and clean, just as described, close to subway the location is close to the subway, which is great. little supermarkets/stores are also close. brooklyn and williamsburg are great and with the subway its easy to get everywhere in New York.   the room is not as big as portrait at the pictures (ours, room 2 upstairs) wasnt. Still fine to stay there, next to bathroom, toilet included, on the hall, kitchen and livingroom downstairs. It was a really great location. Close to the subway and very convenient. Wed happily stay again! The apartment was pretty much as described. It could have been cleaner, we even saw a cockroach. But it was not too far from Manhattan, subway was close and a good coffee shop around the corner. So if you are looking for an affordable place in NYC mostly for sleeping, because you spend most of your time sightseeing, we sure recommend it! Comfortable, clean room.  Awesome place; check in was a breeze Quiet house, near public transit, Room 2 is not the best for tall people but generally ok, bed comfortable and bathroom is ok. Id recommend it. It was a very good place to stay, we stay here for 2 weeks and was really excellent, everything was clean..  This place has a hostel/bedsit feel but the bed is comfy and I had a good nights sleep.  Great parking in the area, very close to transit, and has some cool places around for coffee/dinner/drinks if you dont want to travel to manhattan.  Great place if you want an affordable stay.  There are many rooms but it was very quiet and clean and we really couldnt even tell over people lived there.  This air bnb is setup for simplicity, its everything you need and hassle free!  I would definitely stay here again if I come back to NYC  It was a nice place.  Located in a perfect area for travel and even had a coffie shop around the corner My experience here was not as good as I hoped. The pictures online made the apartment look very nice, but in reality it is not. The bathrooms were dirty because there were so many people staying there and did not clean after themselves. The bathroom was also very busy in the morning, we had to wait for our turn some mornings. The room was okay, but it had a dirty towel hanging from the curtain pole. Only one lightbulb worked from the ceiling. There wasnt much bedding either, we got cold some nights. There was no mattress pad between the sheet and mattress, which made us uncomfortable and feel dirty. The host also never checked in with us to see if everything was alright or if we arrived at all, and we never saw her during our stay. (I do think if we messaged her, she would response). This places was ran like a hostel, instead of a home/airbnb. If I knew that ahead, I would have picked somewhere else thats more homey, clean and welcoming.  Great place to stay when youre looking for quite cheap room. 3 minutes to the subway so perfect for traveling also many local shops. Exact directions how to get into the house and the room. Quick wifi. I highly recommend the place!  Everything was great as advertised! Easy to get to and enter. Cute place. I enjoyed staying here. The place was clean, quiet and cute.  Super geregeld, omzettend leuke verhuurder zeker een aanrader !  The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. It was nice but make sure that the host gives you the right code to enter the house Convenient and reasonablr for a short stay. Emily was responsive and helpful.  Not an accurate representation of the place. Pictures are clearly from day one and nothing has been maintained. Air conditioning doesnt work. Place is dirty.  We booked Emilys place last minute as our other accomodation fell through. The location was fantastic as there is a subway 100m down the road. The room was very hot and the air conditioner seemed like it had. Ever been cleaned. The room had a massive skylight so the room was super bright. The kitchen only had the bare minimum cooking utensils and the fridge had food in there that was months old.  However, the location was great. Par où commencer ....    - Hôte inexistante  : ni présente à notre arrivée, à notre départ, où lors de notre séjour.    -  Photos mensongères : maison vétuste, chambre minuscule, plancher de travers (plafond aussi), on touche le toit de lépaule au fond de la pièce (qui fait 3 mères de long et de large), infltrations au plafond et dans les murs, fenêtres branlantes et cassées, rideaux jaunis et suspects... scotch de rafistolage partout - Salle de bain encore plus vétuste - rideau  moisi, tringle rouillée, placards sales -  quartier difficile (descentes de police à laméricaine en bas de la maison) pour cause de trafic de drogue (impressionnant...), arrestation un petit peu partout dans le quartier.  Cela ne vaut en aucun cas le prix versé. A fuir si vous êtes une femme seule ou pour voyage entre filles. Great room and location in the hip neighbourhood of Bed-Stuy. With coffee shops and subway stations nearby, this is so convenient. Thanks Emily! Emilys place is really Nice and conveniently located. Subway is only a block away and it transfers to the A line, which takes you virtually anywhere in Manhattan.  The room is very comfortable and spacious. It could hold all of our shopping for a ten day-stay!  I would definetely reccomend it! Nice and decent place for travelers to live Great place to stay, especially for people who are getting in at later times or need flexibility around arrival time since you can arrive at any time after 5 pm. Note that there are a lot of stairs so if you have a ton of heavy luggage, ask to be on the first floor or maybe pick a different place. Guys, it is definitely worth it to stay at Emilys place if you have a chance! It feels safe and well-organized. Price / quality ratio is great! Excelente lugar accesible al metro y a mercados para comprar comida  The rooms are very small. Its not exactly how it looks in the picture. There are alot of stairs so if you have luggage please look for other place. If you are carrying luggage I would not recommend staying here unless you want to lug heavy bags up & back down 2-3 flights of stairs. We did not know our room was on top floor. The title says ""HUGE ROOM"" which is inaccurate. The room we had was actually quite small. The tub filled with water when showering. The toilet ran very noisy but worked. Def appreciated provided bath towel.  The bathroom and kitchen were both messy and had other peoples belongings and trash around. There were no cooking utensils, I couldnt find a cup to drink from. There is a nice cafe less than a minute walk away which was nice. The bedroom ceiling was low on bedside of room, kept forgetting & bumping head on ceiling. Once we pulled bed away from wall heater unit the room got warm. It was previously only heating the bed frame. Def needed lit extra little space heater provided. Bed frame was larger size than mattress on top & linens. Cute art in bedroom. Felt safe for the night but wouldnt want to stay longer. Emily is a nice and welcoming host. We really enjoyed the stay in Brooklyn!  The open and big apartment is very close to the subway (green line G) which allows a fast ride to midtown. We only would have loved to have more kitchen utensils such as mugs, cuttlery, pans. The pan and pots were fairly old as well. However, this might be only relevat if you plan to cook during your stay in NYC."	0
680	Hey this was a great place to couchcrash! i got a welcome basket, with a brooklyn guide, water, fruits and sweets. so kind! I can highly recommend those guys! Place was quiet and clean, nice place!   My stay was only for a night, but I really enjoyed it. The ladies were very friendly and welcoming at all times. Although I was staying in there living room, I still had quite a bit of privacy. The home was very clean and looked exactly as pictured. The bed was surprisingly comfortable as well. Clean sheets, blankets, and towels were provided. I loved that I was presented with a welcome basket full of goodies when I got there! Its about a 15 minute walk from the J train. I would definitely recommend staying here if youre looking for a clean, inviting, and comfortable place to stay! My stay at Viviennes place was really nice! Her and her roommates are really helpfull, nice and friendly. I got a little basket with some things in there, what was really nice. The place is clean and the couch is really comfortable.  If you are looking for a nice place to stay in NY, you just found it.  Very close to Manhattan but still in the middle of Brooklyn, this couch is the perfect starting point to discover the city. The girls and the neighbourhood are very quiet, so no need to worry about that. The flat is great, with a nice shower and washing machine, clean sheets and towels and enough room for your stuff.   You will find everything you need around you like restaurants or supermarkets, and the subway is pretty close.    I stayed there 10 days and enjoyed all of them. Plus, you get to know Benny, the cat of the house, what else can you want?     I stayed nearly a week at Viviennes place. The girls and the cat were friendly and helpful. The leather couch was very comfortable. I got a welcome basket with water and snacks - lovely!    But to be honest, you should mention, that the living room and the kitchen are the same room. The couch is located next to the fridge - so it can be a bit noisy in the morning. Vivienne was wonderful.  Very friendly, kind and clean.  She helped me when I really needed it and I could not be more thankful.  She was very patient and accommodating.  I had an urgent situation arise and she was there for me.  Her apartment is lovely and so is the location.  I would definitely stay with her again.   I feel like home , Vivienne and her roomate are really nice host! Ahd the cat too!  I will back for sure The place is as accurate as the pictures. It is clean and the neighborhood is safe. It takes aground 10-15 mins to walk to metro station. Vivian and her roommate are so friendly. Also, the lovely cat is so adorable. I would recommend Vivian and her place. Cool neighbourg same if some people arent really cool (think its like everywhere!)! The hosts, Vivienne and Dulcie are very cool, Dany the cat also! The appartment has some space! Definitly good when you are looking for a week alone in ny : not that far from Manhattan same if you have to understand the subway line!! Très bonne accueil, Vivienne ainsi que Dulcie sont des personnes très gentilles et convivial avec qui ont peut discuter. Lappartement est situé un endroit posée et calme.     Je les recommande. It was really easy to get in touch with Vivienne and arrange the booking, picking up the keys. I havent met her during my stay but assume she must be a friendly person. The space is simple, reasonable priced. If you are tall the couch might be too short for you legs ;) I appreciated having a simple place to sleep, allowing me to be out and about all the rest of the time. Thank you Vivian for your good hospitality Nice quality price ratio ! The bedroom was good and spacious enough, nice bed. Whenever I returned I enjoyed relaxing on the couch  while I  made calls and thinking through the day. The place is quiet too. I would like to come back if I travel back to New York. Really comfortable bed in a huge room. Window looks out onto a quiet street. Lots of hot water available in the shower. Vivienne is easy-going, and relaxed. Check-in was straight-forward, check-out too. I slept really well, and I think the location is great for Citibike-ing into Manhattan. I would be very happy to stay here again.	0
681	"Jasmine was a great host, although couldnt meet her in person but she and her brother were always in contact to make sure that everything is fine and we are comfortable. They arranged everything very well and we all felt like home and enjoyed staying there however we had some issues with the door lock initially but then got the trick to handle it. Subways were near so it was easy to commute anytime and there are many shops and restaurants around.  It was our first experience of renting apartments through airbnb and it came out to be a very memorable one and a big credit goes to Jasmine and her brother. Thank you for everything. We would like to come back and stay again at your place.  All the best to you both for your future. bjr nous navons JAMAIS VU (Website hidden by Airbnb) faisait très très froid dans lappartement nous lavons relancé plusieurs fois elle nest jamais venu. nous avons vu son frère a notre arrivée et le jour du départ. Jasmines house was not what we expected at all. Photos showned on Airbnb were representing only the nice part of each room.  Living room with only a couch and a table and a broken wardrobe. Kitchen with dirty fire, fridge without a handle, and no table or chairs.  Bathroom dirty and with mold shower.  First bedroom with very unconfortable, noisy and small queen bed, and broken mirror laying on the wall.  We took all pictures of the house. It was very difficult all time to communicate with Jasmine, and we never saw her.  Positive points: 5 minutes from the line 2 and 5. Facilities all around. she gave us 2 pairs of key, as requested. Great value and awesome location. las fotos no concuerdan  con lo que realmente es, el baño no está en buen estado, las camas están bien pero suenan demasiado en general el apartamento no está en buen mantenimiento.  como puntos positivos es que se encuentra cerca a una línea de metro que te transporta a todo lugar   This apartment is a convenient location. It is an easy walk to Brooklyn attractions and very close to two metro stops to Manhattan.  The apartment could use some minor repairs and the beds could use an upgrade. However, for the price it is an excellent deal and we enjoyed the convenience very much.   I recommend this for a small family traveling on a budget.  This is a basically furnished apartment as advertised by the host.  It has some wear and tear and needs some fixing.  Think urban camping.   There are multiple corner grocery stores for quick snacks and supplies.  There are numerous restaurants and fast food places within a few blocks in nearly any direction    That said, I would stay there again because its a great price in a great location.  Now that I know what to expect I would be better prepared.  Id bring a TV or Tablet with movies on it, soap for the bathroom and my own towels.      This is MUCH more space than a hotel room at the same or less cost.  It has Wi-Fi and I felt very safe in the neighborhood.  The A/C units in the bedrooms work so well I had to turn them down to keep from freezing us out.  No A/C in the livingroom.     Jasmine communicated well and frequently.      I would DEFINITELY stay there again.    I appreciate Jasmines flexibility with my check-in. We were coming from a long way and arrived later than planned. The place was clean and we all had a good nights sleep. Only suggestion would be to perhaps repair some of the furniture. All in all, a great place to crash for a touring band.  My family and I really enjoyed our stay in New York City. Jasmine and with the help of her brother Steve made our entry very comfortable. They were able to accommodate an early check in which made it easy for us to transition from our hotel to their living apartment. With six people we needed the entire place, so the only problem was not having a way to really cool off the front room (living room), so we purchased a box fan to help cool our kids.  They are really just a few cosmetic updates from making this place a real gem.  It is close (walking proximity) to about anything you would need. 24 hr drug store and laundry, and very close to the 2, 5, and 3 train.  We enjoyed our stay. Sinceramente nos sorprendió lo básico del mobiliario, pero nosotros sólo íbamos a dormir y conocer New York. Lo mejor pues la cercanía a un supermercado que abre a partir de las 8:00 am y un par de entradas de metro, la más próxima Sterling...y rápido en Manhattan Sur. Si hay WiFi y por mensajes nos comunicábamos con Jasmine.  Lo peor, la cama es muy ruidosa y por tanto no cómoda, no hay mesa en la cocina para poner cosas, no hay TV aunque no me era necesaria.  Y un aspecto como de necesitar reparaciones en baño, azulejos, etc.  Es como ir de camping, pero la situación compensa. Me fue muy regular con esta reservación le escribí, la llamé muchas vecesvy hasta fui al lugar y no apareció... Estaba lloviendo eran las 9 de la noche, la esperamos y buscamos por mas de dos horas afuera con maletas, mojándonos y demás no teníamos forma de acceder a otro hospedaje nos tocó quedarnos en el aeropuerto y pasar una largaaa noche La ubicación no es tan buena especialmente si vas para el aeropuerto se tarda más de una hora para llegar a estos. Lo único que rescato es que nos desembolso el dinero pero Apartment is near to New York City and the metro station is at walkable distance.. That is the only advantage.. If you travel with your own vehicle, Parking is the big problem...  The apartment have the basic functions needed. In a need for renovation etc. but location and price makes it a good place to stay when visiting NY. Close to grocery stores and subway. Jasmine and Steve helped us well. Très proche du métro et à 40min de Manhattan.  Très spartiate, avec le minimum de meuble et de propreté, cet appartement est bien si lon ny reste pas et si lon nest pas exigeant. As one can read in the description, the place is really ""basically furnished"".  At least, we had a place to sleep, cook and take a shower. All technical fourniture was working. And Jasmine was always attainable by phone to help an responded to any question. The place is well located close to public transportation and grocery stores. But finally, comparing to other places we had been in the US, the value we got here for the money was low. Great communication . Fast responses great location . Great space . Amazing value . Will do business again . Had a great time !! Jasmine was a really good host, who accommodated the fact that we arrived hours after we had agreed. She was really helpful and flexible to ensure that we managed to stay. The place was really spacious and clean. Its in the heart of Brooklyn and only 15 minutes from Prospect Park. A few comestic changes would make this an amazing place to stay but my friend and I loved it! I would definitely stay here again. The neighborhood is quiet and, it was also very easy to get around.  Jasmine saved our weekend!  We needed a place, and her instant book was right on time!  She was easy to reach and very accommodating since we arrived later than we originally planned.  The space is massive, and she provided the basics.  We may see her again next Labor Day! This flat is well located, closed to 2 metro stations, the Brooklyn Botanic Garden, supermarket... It was easy to find an agreement for the arrival and the deaparture! The welcome of Jasmine brothers was very nice.  I think this flat need a renovation, with the bathroom as priority (hole in the wall...), change the furniture in the kitchen  (damaged), find something to get the floor better. We saw the maid and I think the place can be cleaner (she just stay half an hour to clean the minimum ) Its better if the household linen and the bed linen are changed between each travellers  (it smelled deodorizing on the beds). With a little renovation, this place could be great, this flat have potential. Pretty good place. Host is very nice, responsive and helpful! But there is one problem in the flat. There are bugs!! Thats only one thing that made our stay not too enjoyable  While simplistic, this house provided an easy place for us to stay while traveling around NYC. The house was in a good location and was close to all the atractions we visited. We had a very good time at Jasmines place. Close to the subway station, very simple, not a lot of furniture but with all we need to be comfortable, very good internet and a grocery at the other side of the street that provided us the basic. I strongly recomend Jasmines place. No recomendable, dejadez, si le interesa como es lógico el beneficio hay que disimularlo un poco. Great place to stay ! Five minutes walking to the subway, groceries and restaurants. I would definitely recommend and come back again ! Great stay! Had no issues! It was a little noisy but its New York! Great value and location! Within walking distance of food, shops, parks and subway. Located right across the street from a 24 grocery store which came in handy! The apartment was CLEAN with plenty of extra linen!  Jasmine was very responsive, polite and and flexible when our arrival time was changed. She even gave us transportation tips and suggestions on how to navigate around the city. We stayed while it was snowing so it was great that she had the heat turned on for us when we arrived! Would definitely stay again!!! Jasmines place is a great spot to stay while in the city.  She has a clean space, communicates well and follows through on any issues that might pop up.  Id recommend her listing to other travelers.  Thanks for a real nice experience in NY! Great place central in Brooklyn. I’d stay here again. No roaches, it was super clean. The apartment was warm & toasty, we slept comfortably No problem at all ....thanks for everything.... Jasmines place needs work. The doors and locks were unsecured and didnt provide the comfort of being in a safe home. The place was very clean and neat but some little things need improvement. The quality of some of the appliances and furniture can be improved on. The electrical sockets didnt really work and there was little to no heat."	0
682	"Its a charming room in the heart of the West Village. There is no better neighborhood in NYC. The apartment is has windows facing trees and is quiet. Perfect for a couple. Beautiful area. Quiet, historic, and safe.   Near everything.   Wonderful, kind, and professional host. can you spell his name for me? The service provided was good. When issues arose Eran ( the host) was available and accommodating to fix the issues and responsive. My review is abiut the place. My 18 month old son and my wife and I stayed at the airbnb for a week+. Upon arriving, on the first night we had to wait outside with our son until the cleaning lady finished and when we finally entered, the maintenance person (Izzy) was “fixing"" the toilet and the cleaning lady was finishing up. These reservations were made weeks in advance so the lack of preparation was disappointing and obvious. Honestly, everything felt rushed. That night we noticed that the comforter had a stain on it and the sheets were not clean and the shower curtain was pretty old and dirty. Eran was very quick to accommodate and replaced all the items the next day and Izzy replaced the sheets. Needless to say our first impression was not a great one; we later discovered that the toilet was still not working because it overflowed. Over the course of two days Eran sent 3 maintenance men over to fix it and finally at 9pm on the second night one plumber took the whole toilet apart and found a tiny travel size shampoo bottle stuck in the toilet. I understand that life happens but what really bothered me was that my wife had to clean up not once but 3 times urine and excrement in the bathroom because the plumbers did want to do it exclaiming ""it is not there job"". She was disgusted but did it because she did not want our son exposed to the waste. I have stayed at many airbnbs for work and I actually have pretty good ratings because I treat those homes as my own - so I didn’t think I was being unreasonable when I asked for a refund for the two nights that I was inconvenienced for a non-working toilet and the fact that she had to purchase cleaning items to clean the bathroom in addition to a comforter. The host was reasonable and Eran reimbursed me for 1 1/2 night. I would have rather have him find another place for us to stay and quiet frankly think the rate for is too high. The only reason my wife and I decided to stay is because we have an 18-month-old and the thought of repacking and moving into a hotel after such a long flight was a bit overwhelming. We managed to get through the week with minor incidents. A few bugs made their way through the apartment (It’s New York). As mentioned, Eran was accommodating and reimbursed us for the inconvenience but I do not think the price matched the service or the apartment. Izzy (the maintenance man) was kind and professional. I should also mention that we were offered an upgrade but then was later told that it was not available for the dates we... Great time. Everything was great. No E and quiet apartment in a very beautiful neibergooh Muy buena ubicación, es importante saber que el apartamento queda bien arriba dentro del edificio y no tiene ascensor, por lo que no es apto para personas mayores. This apartment is situated in a great location! It really is perfect for exploring the west village, Meatpacking district and surrounding areas. Everything is within walking distance and if you want or head further uptown or to Brooklyn the subway is about a 5 minute walk away- making this a perfect base for visiting New York.  Communication and check in/ check out was great- with the host allowing us to leave our bags for a later check out- really appreciated!  The apartment itself is a great space but more ideally suited to a couple than 3- 4 people.  The living room and seating area isn’t big enough for more than a couple especially if you have the sofa bed pulled down. The sofa bed is only suitable for one person- definitely not two and is incredibly uncomfortable- rock hard in fact!  Overall our stay was great and I would definitely recommend- but on this trip seems there were some issues with the WiFi and we had to connect via another apartment. Believe this was due to construction work in the area. Great location"	0
683	Becca is a very nice person.  Becca is very kind en helpfull Very nice space, great location close to the Nassau subway station. Takes hardly any time to get to Manhattan and very close walk to Williamsburg as well. Becca really helped us out by allowing us to drop off our luggage early since we had several suitcases. The only thing is that it could be loud at times in the other half of the apartment so if you need quiet maybe look for another place to stay. We loved staying at Becca! Beccas place was perfect for us. Spacious room with two beds and free access to shared kitchen and bathroom. Own living room when Becca had her own in the other part of the apartment. The apartment is located near McCarren Park, bars, restaurants and easy to get to other places via the subway. We experienced no problems during our stay and always had easy communication and hanging out with Becca. She is amazing! Gave a feeling of living with a friend rather than a host. Do not hesitate to stay with Becca again :) Best Elli, Soraya and Laura Becca and Patrick were wonderful! I felt so comfortable in their place, I was tempted to miss my flight and stay longer. Becca went out of her way to be accommodating and was incredibly flexible. When I arrived she had wine waiting for me! The room is as very private and had the most comfy bed and pillows. Even though I was supposed to check out in the morning, Becca was so sweet and left me keep my stuff at the place until my flight left later that evening. The location is great, just seconds from the subway! All the polish restaurants in the area were also delicious. I might make a trip back out just to stay at Beccas house again!	1
684	Natalias apartment is in excellent condition, and is in a busy, lively neighbourhood, with plenty to do, and is excellently situated for seeing the many sights of New York.  There are plenty shops, cafes, restaurants, bars etc within easy walking distance.  All in all, a great apartment and we would definitely stay here again. Great location. Conveniently located within walking distance to Times Square and other attractions. The apartment has two spacious bedrooms and was very clean and lovely. Natalia and her friend Alex were very helpful and easy to contact. My parents had a great time there. An old typical Manhattan flat (fire stairs) that needs to be finished refreshing a bit. For an example, although the rooms are well decorated and modern, the bathroom is very disappointing. Only one of the bedrooms has AC. The placement near Times Square and the subway is the main quality of this appartment, although those who are sensitive to noise will have bad sleeping conditions (train passing by under the flats windows). Special mention to Alexs reception : he was friendly and greeted us nicely, as was Natalia. Comfy clean apartment in Hells Kitchen, a couple of blocks from the subway. Ideally located for NY site seeing trips. Plenty of delis and take away places nearby. Air conditioned which is a must in summer. Easy check in and out and a communicative host. Would book again if returning to NY. Natalia and Carol were very kind and friendly. No problems at check-in. Hells Kitchen is what it is, modest but near transport and mid-town. The apartment have some problems Im sure Natalia will solve asap, but the building maintenance is bad. I think its a little overrated compared to other NYC offerings. Superb location. The apartment was very clean and tidy. Carol was very easygoing regarding checkout times. Small hiccup during check-in because we were not told how to get in and had to wait a couple hours. Otherwise the stay was lovely. Thank you Natália and Carol! Very spacious and clean apartment - Looks exactly like the photos. Great location, about 15mins walk from Times Square and has excellent food stores nearby. Easy check-in and check-out and the apartment was warm and cosy which is a must for winter in NY ! Natalia provided pocket wi-fi as well which was a nice touch, especially for those who are travelling.	0
685	Jerry was an excellent host and more than willing to go above and beyond to make sure our stay was enjoyable. He is prompt in his communication and was very flexible with my schedule.  Jerry as a host:  He was great! Fast responses, no issues during checkin/checkout. He added us to an air conditioner control app and we were able to turn it on prior to arrival each day.   Apartment:  Location is ideal. Most places in Manhattan is within walking distance.  Various Metro stations are on the same street.  Queen sized bed near the window is pretty good.  Some minor issues:  There are a lot of Jerrys belongings in the apartment so there was not much room for our stuff. There was only one pair of keys.  I was warned about adjustment building renovation noise so not really an issue.  Rent price was great so for that price I really have nothing to complain about! On a loué cet appartement pour une semaine. Jerry nous a accueilli très chaleureusement et il nous a donné des conseils sur les places à visiter et des recommandations sur les restaurants et magasins du quartier. La communication avec lui était excellente, il répond vite aux messages et courriel.  La localisation est excellente, le quartier sécuritaire et de faciliter accès.  Bien que lappartement a des belles dimensions pour Manhattan (où les gens sont habitués à rester dans des petits appartements) il pourrait définitivement être en meilleur état. Pas seulement il est encombré, il aurait besoin dun bon ménage profond. Bref, si cela ne vous dérange pas beaucoup et si votre priorité est la localisation et être proche des attractions touristiques, cet appartement pourrait être une option. Mais si la propreté vous tient à coeur, vous devriez peut-être regarder ailleurs. Jerry made the experience great by being very responsive and helpful throughout our stay. Wed gladly stay again! Jerry was a great host and always made himself contactable and was very welcoming. He provided many suggestions on places to eat or things to do and kept in regular contact to ensure my stay went smoothly. He also had made space for me in some drawers/cabinets for my things during my stay as storage space is limited. The Apartment is a short walk from 23rd St. Subway and the Flat Iron with CitiBikes about a block or so away if you plan on using these during your stay.	0
686	I loved my stay at Tirindas beautiful brownstone! The apartment is huge and beautifully decorated. The location is unbeatable, on a charming street and surrounded by cafes, restaurants, and multiple subway lines. And Tirinda and her family were so warm and welcoming, always checking in to see if I was okay. Her mother is a treasure, full of neighborhood stories. Great value for a 2BR place, cheaper than a hotel!  2nd BR is off of master BR so it was perfect for our child.  Host was flexible with check-in and check-out and helpful and responsive! Tirindas place was perfect! Great location and provided everything I needed. Tirinda was very responsive and was so accommodating with my crazy travel schedule. If you guys are looking for a comfortable stay in a great area, then this is the place for you! Tirinda is such a great host. She provided us with everything that we could have possibly needed and then some. This place was clean and comfortable and within walking distance to a few great restaurants. A must stay if you are looking for a place in the Brooklyn area. We had a wonderful stay in Tirindas  beautiful apartment! It was clean, the beds were very comfortable and the location perfect! Also Tirinda and her family were easy to communicate with and very helpful and flexible. I would highly recommend this apartment to any family who needs a place in this part of Brooklyn! Located on a picturesque NY street and overall great location!  Tirinda was very personable and made sure that she would be available upon our arrival.  We were a little late checking out but was not an issue as extra time was allowed for us upon leaving.  Overall great stay and would most certainly stay again in the future! Tirinda was very prompt in her responses to all of my questions.  She was also accommodating to our request for early check-in and check-out. Its a really good place for living in Brooklyn, quiet street and not far from Subway stations. Great location.  Worked well for family w/ two small kids.  Has everything you need for a short stay. Love this place  Thank you soo much  5 stars Great walk up apartment an easy 30 minute subway ride to downtown Manhattan. Tirinda’s place was superb and she’s a wonderful host!! Perfection and Accommodating! Trinda’s apartment was perfect! If you are looking to be central and with a lot of train over lays for fast commutes  to various parts  of the city this is the place for you!   The unit it self was huge and does sleep 8 as indicated comfortably . Additionally if you aren’t looking to travel to the city downtown BK has enough for you to do as far as restaurants, bars etc. My group came up on the night of a snow storm and see was  accommodating with the check in time which was fantastic!  During the last day we checked out 6 hours later due to a medical emergency. In which the host was gracious, understanding and allowed for privacy to deal with the matter. Anytime in NY I would recommend Trinda’s place ! A quiet and spacious place, just a few walking minutes from the buzz of Brooklyn. 5 kids, 2 adults.  Perfect for our city getaway Tirinda is a very wonderful host. She responded fast to our questions. We had a great time in her amazing home. We would definitely check in to her place again when we plan to go back to NYC. Lovely, clean home in a quiet neighbourhood. Tirinda was very quick with her responses. Would recommend and stay again. A very experienced and attentive hostess. Anticipates your needs and very responsive. A truly rare find. Will visit again. Great space, and lovely and warm during extremely cold and snowy weather. The heating was a bit noisy at times, but this was a small price to pay for nice and hot radiators. Tirinda was very welcoming, easy to contact and helpful. The apartment has plenty of space, particularly in the main bedroom. Excellent location near to shops, restaurants and several subway stations. We’ll definitely try to book again next time we visit Brooklyn. Tirinda was an exceptional host, she was both communicative and accommodating!  Her place was exactly as we expected from the photos, very cozy and nicely decorated!  The location is within walking distance to several subway lines and a lot of shopping.  We 100% recommend! A great place for our weekend stay in Brooklyn.   The apartment is spacious, very nicely decorated and spotless.  A perfect central location for exploring Brooklyn. Tirindas place was great! Lovely home, in a lovely neighborhood. So close to so many places. Great to walk around. Easy access to the subway. Highly recommend this spot, and Tirinda as a host. She responded to questions quickly and was very accommodating and nice! Tirinda was great! She checked in with us prior to our arrival to make sure she was available to check us in and walk us through her home. Her home was very comfortable and cozy during the cold winter days we stayed. Lots of great restaurants, shops, and transportation near by. Definitely recommend to others! Tirindas place was super cozy and in a great area close to many restaurants and public transport. It was exactly the same as in the pictures, very stylish. She was very helpful and super understanding. Great place to stay in Brooklyn! Our time at the air bnb was amazing!! Tirinda was as nice as can be and gave us plenty of personal space. We only saw her when we arrived and when we left. She was very accommodating and offered all of the amenities we needed. Coffee, water, extra blankets, plenty of towels, etc. She is located in a prime Brooklyn location and it’s walking distance from many places. Highly recommended 10/10. Tirinda was a wonderful host. Very good communication and her place is very clean. Highly recommend. Tirindas place was great for our group. Perfectly located in Brooklyn and within easy reach of subway for Manhatten travel.   Tirindas flat was spotless and had everything we needed. Tirindas communication was great too and she made us feel right at home.   Recommended and shall be back soon! Appartamento pulito in ordine e con tutto il necessario. Zona stupenda per chi ama Brooklyn e comodissima per i trasporti.	1
687	Justin was a great host. He was easily accessible, and caring. His apt is beautiful, clean, quiet and in the perfect location! The room was very comfortable and spacious. And well lighted with natural and artificial lighting. The air conditioning worked extremely quick and efficient. The kitchen was very clean and well equipped. Its just steps away from the metro LINE (Website hidden by Airbnb) and in a very safe neighborhood. I will definitely stay here again soon!!  Justins apartment was just perfect for our weeks stay in New York. The pictures were accurate at representing the space,which is beautifully decorated and extremely clean. It was in the perfect location as the metro station was metres walk from the apartments building and got you to main locations within 15-25 minutes. The check in process was easy and although Justin was not around for my stay and I didnt meet him, he was constantly in touch checking how my stay was and only a message away if I needed anything. All in all, this is a great find for NYC and the perfect apartment for a weeks sight seeing and visiting New York, I couldnt recommend it more! Justin has been a wonderful and accommodating host! It was clear to me from the start that he would do everything  he could to make my stay as comfortable as possible. The room is beautiful and spacious--I will really miss it! The location of the apartment is perfect and there are many fun things to do in this area of Harlem. Being so close to a major subway station makes the rest of NYC really accessible. Youll love it! The place its wonderful! its really big and you feel like you have your own private studio. You will only have to share the kitchen and the bathroom with two rommamtes, but for the rest you will always have your private place and also your private entrance.     The subway its perfect! you can take the B or the D and in 15 min you will be in Bryant Park, next to Time square and basically in the heart of Manhatttan.    You can also turn the two coachs into a comfortable bed. The furniture is really pretty and for NY the space is really big! I would definitely stay here again. Justins flat is clean and welcoming! The space is tastefully decorated, yet it was simplistic. I appreciate staying at places that arent cluttered with personal items.   Additionally Justin was very communicative and helpful both before and during the trip, offering suggestions for best travel routes to and from the apartment, as well as information about where to wash clothing and the NY subway. Justin is a great host I would strongly recommend staying at his place! He is always available and answers questions right away. We never met but he was always making sure things were going well. Justin has been an amazing host! He’s easy to reach, was very accommodating and helpful. We never got to meet him but he was such a nice and talented guy.  We like how cozy, spacious and simple his apartment was, and how conveniently near it was from the subway too. His place was just perfect! So rare to find something like this in the city and we’re just lucky! 5 stars for everything! Justin is very informative & a consistently great communicator. He made himself available any time I had a question, which is highly appreciated!  Not to mention, it’s a very spacious apartment, so there is plenty of space to unwind and truly be able to relax.	1
688	"we had a great time in Shubhangis apartment,it is perfect,  you can walk to the MET and Guggenheim,and the subway Q line is just there,you can use this line to Time square and Broadway,stongly recommend to the visitors This is a great one bedroom place within a very short walk to the new Q train station in the UES.  Communication was excellent and check in was a breeze.  The home is in a very quiet residential building and is high enough up to get an outstanding view looking uptown towards Yankee Stadium.  There is a very comfortable mattress, a very cozy leather couch, a new Keurig coffee maker and a huge HDTV with an impressive array of channels.  A perfect landing pad for exploring one of the great cities of the world Loved the absolutely safe, clean, quiet and convenient location of this site.The apt is most attractive and well-furnished. No problems  I came into town to explore Manhattan a bit and this is in a great location, right by a metro, and in close proximity to Central Park and multiple museums.  Shubhangi was very communicative and we were very happy with our stay. Fantastic apartment in a fantastic location with a terrific host! Couldnt recommend it more highly. 2 minute walk to the Q train which is new and an express service. Also a multitude of eating possibilities in this part of the upper east side. Very safe also. Literally 5 stops on the Q from Macys!! This place is superb!  The apt is ideal for anyone staying on the UES or taking transportation, the Q train was right there beside the building.  There were lots of great restaurants and places to shop around.  I was able to walk to and from work everyday.   The building was safe, gorgeous, and very comfortable!  The hosts and hostess were fabulous!  I cant wait to stay here again! I enjoyed my stay here. The apartment has big windows that let in a lot of light, a nice TV, and a comfortable bed. The kitchen is fine for preparing small meals. Shubhangi and her assistant Nana were very helpful in answering any questions I had.  The only issue I encountered was with the hot water. There were a few times (over the course of my week and a half stay) when the hot water would run out very suddenly during a shower and go ice cold. Strangely, these were at off-peak times like the afternoon or early evening. This wasnt short-lived and would persist long enough that I had to finish the shower with cold water. I didnt bother raising the issue because it was only a minor nuisance for me, but its worth noting.  As far as amenities go, theres a large laundry facility on the plaza level, and the building is conveniently located right next to the subway, a Rite Aid, a grocery store, a smoothie place, etc.  Overall, I was happy with my stay and would recommend this apartment if youre staying on the Upper East Side. The apartment was in a great location, close to Central Park and just a few steps away from the subway. The place was clean, stocked with needed supplies, and the bed was comfy. The AC also worked very well.  My only complaint was that hot water was not always available, though this is probably a problem with any high rise with shared resources. Good: clean apartment, quiet building, great location, a lot within a short walk (grocery, post office, pharmacy, restaurants, subway, bus, Central Park, Guggenheim), safe neighbourhood, any concerns we had were dealt with quickly. Bad: close to a hospital - we would hear sirens all night long, and had a difficult time sleeping (ear plugs are suggested if you come from a quiet home like we did). Had a hard time finding (or did not find) some ""every day use"" things in the apartment - measuring cups & spoons, wash cloths, dish cloths. Clean spacious apartment in a nice building, central location. Easy check and check out. Very comfortable. Would book again. Thank you for making our first trip to NYC a great experience and for going above, and beyond with communication and accommodating needs. Being right by the new Q line was amazing! Great location, great host, stylish apt. Will stay again for sure. Great location to everything . Clean, tidy with everything you could need for a comfortable stay Laundry is on Plaza level. Great dinner across the road The Barking Dogs Enjoy Apartment absolutely cozy and in a great location - near public transport, restaurants, markets, Central Park. Honestly I dont have anything to complain, everything was perfect. I loved everything about this place! The location was great and central to everything I needed to get to. My hosts were available at all times and made me feel so welcome. They were always available to answer any questions and make suggestions. I loved the space. It was light, airy and had everything I needed. I would definitely stay here again! Excelente apartamento!! Lejos el mejor en el que hemos estado.  Sus anfitriones  son muy amables, responden rapidamente a cualquier consulta, siempre muy atentos. El departamento es hermoso, amplio y muy muy muy limpio. Ubicado en excelente lugar We are so happy to book this apartment!location is fantastic,less than 5 min walk to Central park and subway station (Q train).In addition,the host of apartment is amazing and helpful,always ready to help!Highly recommend! I really appreciated the accommodations provided to me and would book this same location for future visits. Shubhangis place was beautiful and in the perfect location. It was 1 block away from the subway and right in the middle of everything. The Q train was a direct shot to downtown. Her place was also an easy Uber ride to all the Hip restaurants in Harlem. I even took the Q train to Brooklyn! Shubhangi was a great communicator. Thank you Nana and Joy for your neighborhood tips. Very comfortable bed...great heating system. Would definitely stay again!"	1
689	"Alexandra was a great host!   We enjoyed our stay in her room, which is spaceous and comfy.   The location is fine, really closed to Q-train station, so it is really convenient to move into the city. Delightful I have stayed in A LOT of Airbnbs. I truly have to say that of them all, my experience at Alexandras place was the best. She was extremely accommodating upon my arrival. She let me come at 7AM on my check in day to drop my bags, even risking being late to work! Upon arrival and throughout my stay I found her place to be absolutely immaculate. It seemed like a maid came every day! She allowed me full access to her kitchen and appliances, in which I made a delicious juice and several dinners. Every time we bumped into each other Alexandra and her husband were full of pleasant conversation. I will certainly recommend her place to any friends and family visiting, as well as any other Airbnbers! Alexandra and Lenny were wonderful hosts. The room and apartment were exactly as described, and everything was immaculate. They were lovely people, and wed love to stay with them again. The neighborhood was also nice and very convenient to the train. A real find. Thank you! Alexandra and Lenny made my husband and I feel very welcome during our  recent 4 week stay. The apartment is very spacious and clean and they went out of their way to make our stay as comfortable as possible. It is in a very nice and safe area and 2 minutes walk to the subway. Great place to stay if you need easy access to Manhattan.There was plenty of places to eat close by and a good choice of supermarkets within walking distance. We would highly recommend Alexandra and Lennys place to any of our friends and family. This was our first Airbnb experience and it has set a high standard for future expectations. Thanks for making our stay so comfortable. Nette kamer,schoon en ca 20 minuten van manhattan  Rustig gelegen dcht bij de metro  Prima verblijf Stayed two nights while visiting our daughter in Brooklyn and found the apartment spacious and comfortable. We did not meet Alexandra, but her communications were very clear. The convenience of having nearby groceries restaurants and subway was appreciated.  Wonderful hosts! Alexander and Leonid are very hospitable, friendly and responsive. We quickly became friends. From the first day, I felt myself like at home. It was a great month in New York and I thankful to them a lot for it! Apartment was even better than I expected. And location is great! 20 steps from the subway, 30 steps from all of the shops, bars, cafes and two blocks from the Prospect Park and Botanic Garden, etc. Thank you very much guys!     Замечательные хозяева! Александра и Леонид очень гостеприимны, отзывчивы и доброжелательны. Мы быстро стали друзьями. С первого дня я почувствовал себя как дома. Это был классный месяц в Нью-Йорке, за что им огромнейшее спасибо! Апартаменты были даже лучше, чем я ожидал. И расположение просто супер! Рядом метро, все необходимые магазины, парк и т.д.   Had a fantastic month here, the apartment was so lovely it felt like home right away! The room was spacious, comfortable, clean and the common areas were always immaculate. The location really cant be beat - very close to the subway and tons of food options, as well as a couple of supermarkets (one organic). The neighborhood is pretty quiet and I felt safe walking the very short distance back all hours of the night. I didnt see Alexandra or Lenny very much but the few times I did they always were super friendly and asked if there was anything I needed. Highly recommended, thank you both for making my stay so comfortable! The room and the whole apartment is very comfortable, spacious, ideally clean and beautifuly decorated. It is half an hour to Manhattan, 1 minute from Q train station, safe area and number of places with coffee, grossery, etc. Thank you guys for such a warmly welcoming! I will definitely recommend your room to my friends. We had a wonderful stay here. The apartment is spacious and very clean, the room and the bed were comfortable, and Alexandra and her partner were gracious and charming hosts. We will definitely keep this on our list of go-to places in Brooklyn. Let me start by saying I dont wanna leave.. :))  I would recommend this room to anyone. Ive had a great 3 weeks here. Its close to the subway and everything you need! Alexandra and Lenny are so kind! I will totally come back here one day!  I had a wonderful stay! Very friendly, very helpful, very clean, and convenient location. I would recommend it to anyone! 这里是我们这次为期一个月的长途旅行的最后一站,当我们带着一路的疲惫徘徊于迷宫般的纽约地铁站时,热情的女主人亲自来到地铁站接我们回家。家中干净整洁,空间宽敞,布置温馨,很是用心。家离地铁站很近,走路约5分钟,通过换乘地铁可以抵达任何知名景点。  我们在这里度过了愉快的4天,灵活的Check out方式不仅为我们带来便利,而且使我们了解到房东是如何为客人准备房间的。当我们按时将行李从房间搬出到客厅,我们便完成了check out,之后我们便在厨房做饭并在餐厅用午餐。与此同时,男主人已开始干净利落地进行客房清洁工作,他移开地毯、床头柜等进行彻底吸尘,更换所有的床上用品准备清洗,忙得满头大汗却总是乐呵呵的。Dear Alexandra and Lenny, thank you very much for your accommodation which made us feel at home! We had a blast at Sashas and Lennys apartment. They are very welcoming and  caring. They are always accessible if you have any questions. The apartment and the room look exactly like on the pictures. The queen size bed is very comfortable and the room seems even bigger than on the pictures. The bath will be shared with a guest in a 3rd bedroom, what was absolutely fine with us. Never had problems with a busy bathroom. Everything was very clean (shoes have to be taken off at front door). We were allowed to use the kitchen and living room as well. The apt is lovely and well furnished, you will have everyhing you need for your stay.    The location and area is very safe and close to the next subway station (3 min. walk). Line Q or B bring you either way in 25 Min. to Manhattan or Coney Island/Brighton Beach. A grocery store, food store and organic market are just around the corner and are open until 10/11 pm.    If we are coming back to the City, we will definitely consider to stay at their apartment again.  It was a great stay! Alexandra and her husband were so attentive and nive. Had everything we needed. Enjoyed our time in ncy. Great place to stay in Brooklyn. Really close access to a lot of stuff(food, subway, bars). Hosts were very welcoming and made sure we had everything we needed. Would definitely stay again.  The room is exactly like the picture. For a first timer I was genuinely impressed. Our host Alexandra was extremely gracious even when I arrived late. Her and Lenny are very pleasant and it was a wonderful experience. Great location next to the subway. I would highly recommend for any single travelers visiting NY. Looking forward to staying with you again when Im in NY. Thank you and Congratulations!! The room was as pictured.  Both the room and the shared bathroom (which was ours alone the first two nights) were clean.  It was easy to access the apartment when we arrived after a day of travel.  The apartment itself was lovely, and minutes from the Q train (a wonderful gift after full days of seeing NYs best).  The neighborhood has a lot to offer.        Alexandra was welcoming and accommodating.  Although we may want to stay in Manhattan during our next visit to the City, I would highly recommend Alexandras home.  It was the right place at the right price for us.     Fantastic stay at the Sacha and Lenny apartment ! The room was very clean like the bathroom. Very quiet apartment next to the train station and friendly merchants. Lenny and Sacha were very welcoming and friendly hosts, I felt really good in this apartment. Thank you a lot ! I will recommend you without any hesitation !    Séjour formidable dans lappartement de Sacha and Lenny ! La chambre était très propre tout comme la salle de bain. Appartement très calme à côté du métro et de sympathiques commerçants. Lenny et Sacha saint des hôtes très accueillants et sympathiques, je me sentais vraiment bien dans cet appartement. Merci beaucoup ! Je vous recommanderai sans aucune hésitation ! Clean, cozy flat with all necessary conveniences located in cool district. Alexandra is very hospitable and speaks a couple of languages :) Alex was very accomadating when we arrived later than anticipated, and the apartment was just as pictured--super clean and spacious. We only stayed for two nights and therefore didnt see our hosts much but based on Alexs responsiveness  I can imagine she would have been helpful with any requests. The subway is in walking distance, as are several restaurants, coffee shops, etc..  Brooklyn Botanic Garden is fantastic and very close by. Manhattan is a little far via subway, but well worth it when you make a day of it. Overall a great place for the price and location! A very welcoming environment.  The Hosts always helpful and accommodating. This location was not just convenient personally for us but was also very near Cortelyou St., which had almost all the amenities we needed.  The apartment is very lovely and clean, and the hosts were friendly but allowed for privacy and access.  It served our purposes well and we would recommend it highly. Lovely neighborhood with lots of nice little restaurants and cafes (the hosts left us a map of the area with their favorite coffee shops and restaurants noted). We felt very welcome in the house and really enjoyed chatting with Alexandra and Lenny. The room and bed were both very large, and everything was cleaned and laid out for us when we arrived. Thanks for everything!  Ive had a great time in Sashas and Lennys home. Theyre friendly and relaxed hosts. The neighbourhood is very enjoyable with many nice restaurants and the Q (subway) is within walking distance (few mns).  Zimmer war sauber, gut vorbereitet. Alexandra hatte sich frühzeitig gemeldet und hätte auch wohl den Transport vom Flughafen organisiert, was aber nicht notwendig war. Trotzdem sehr lobenswert.  Räume und Umgebung entsprachen genau den Beschreibungen, es gibt somit keinen Anlass der Kritik. 5 Sterne dafür. O apartamento é ótimo, tem dois quartos para hóspedes do airbnb e como o quarto do anfitrião é uma suíte o banheiro fica para o uso dos hóspedes. A cama e travesseiro eram excelentes, estava tudo limpo. A localização é muito boa, próxima da estaçao de metrô, o que nos permitia voltar tarde para casa. O supermercado de produtos orgânicos e de pequenos produtores e um café delicioso ao lado do prédio são diferenciais. Quase não tivemos contato com a host mas ela se mostrou disponível para o caso de necessidade. Recomendo o apartamento e voltaria para o mesmo lugar em uma futura viagem para NYC. Although building lobby and elevator are rather worn, the apartment is attractive, spacious and very clean.  Room was well furnished, like a nice hotel.  Alexandra is well-organized, prepared, and pleasant. Alexandra is very helpful. She opened the door for us in the 5a.m. in the morning. its convenience to the subway station. We have a lovely conversation about books. Lets keep in touch! Pro: Me and my girlfriend had a nice stay at Alexandras place. The location is convenient for the metro (Q line) and the neighborhood is nice. Alexandra is well organized. I would highly recommend to try the breakfast only two blocks away at Qathra Cafè, its delicious (thanks Alexandra for the tip).   Cons: the entrance of the building can is a bit dirty and scary, although the apartment is nice. The window doesnt completely close due to an air conditioning system installed in the window (quite common in the US). Therefore the room can be noisy and has drafts during night if its rainy or windy outside. Average cleanliness level. Alexandras place is great. Its in a cute little suburb in Brooklyn with nice cafes and restaurants around. The room is massive and light and the bed super comfy. Alexandra was away on business the whole time we stayed at her place but she was in contact with us daily.. Very friendly and helpful.  The room was beautiful, spacious, bright and very clean. The neighborhood is gorgeous with tree-lined streets and huge character homes, and close to many amenities and the Q line. I wanted to be in this neighborhood to be close to my sisters place, so it was perfect. Alexandra and Lenny were very accommodating and kind. The only negatives were the very loud music in the mornings from the apartment below, being in close quarters with Alexandra and Lenny and another guest, and the lack of temperature control because its an old building (the superintendent decided to crank up the heat one night when it wasnt very cold). In spite of that, we had a very pleasant stay. Alexandra was the most professional and responsive host who was exceptionally helpful and kind. She provided a spotlessly clean living environment for our college age daughter.  The neighborhood is safe and charming. Questions were always answered promptly and there were no surprises. We would stay again at Alexandra and Lennys place again without question. There are many Airbnb choices but dont wait or hesitate in this one. It is a true gem and our daughter was there for two full months.  Alexandras hospitality was awesome. She was absolutely helpful and kind. The flat was older, than we expected, but functional and equipped enough. The AC in the room, which we had, was noisy. You should deliberate distance from downtown, it is approximately 40 minutes by metro, but the station is like 3 minutes from that place. I was satisfied and I would like to recommend you this accommodation and also Alexandra. Александра и её муж очень дружелюбные и отзывчивые хозяева.Жилье полностью соответствовало описанию.Станция метро в двух минутах ходьбы.Рядом с домом есть где покушать или купить продукты.Рядом с домом carservise  где вы легко можете заказать такси,причем цена до аэропорта JFK фиксированная 35$ .Нам очень понравилось.Если еще раз посчастливится побывать в Нью-Йорке обязательно постараемся остановиться именно здесь. The stay was perfect. The communication went so good, Alexandra wrote us everything before we came. At the time we were in Brooklyn, she was available all the time and very friendly. We had a nice breakfast together, the apartment was so comfy and beautiful. If we come again, we would definitely book it again. Thank you!!  Lovely apartment and room! Alexandra was very helpful and communication was great. Great location in quaint part of town. A little noisy with neighbours at night but manageable. Definitely recommended! Chambre agréable très bonne literie pour récupérer des journées de visites bien remplies sur New York. Logement idéalement situé proche du métro. Alexandra made it very easy for me to get to her place, allowing me to suggest a check in time that was suitable to me (2:00pm) which was very convenient. She is also very quick to respond to messages. The apartment is on the 5th floor and there is an elevator into the building which is great when you have a very big suitcase.     It is about a 1 minute walk to a train station, which was the main reason why I chose to stay here so the convenience of the location is great.     I met Alexandra on the second night I was there and she is a very friendly person and easy to chat to. There was also information provided on the local restaurants and supermarkets which is helpful when you are in a new area.    The room itself was fantastic as it was very clean, very large, and the bed is very comfy. It also has enough room that you can open your suitcase without tripping over it which is fantastic. There was also a clothes rack with hangers available so I could hang my coats up etc.     The bathroom is quite nice, if slightly dated, but very clean and the shower has great water pressure and the water is always hot. The blow dryer provided also works a treat.    I was very happy when I stayed at Alexandras place and I would definitely recommend her place. Lappartement dAlexandra est propre et bien rangé. La chambre est spacieuse. Beaucoup de rangement et le lit est très bien . On a très bien dormi pendant nos 15 jours de vacances. Nous avions accès aussi à la cuisine se qui es très pratique. Alexandra est très gentille , toujours à notre écoute si nous avions besoin de quoi que ce soit . Nous reviendrons sûrement chez elle car nous nous sommes sentis comme chez nous. Alexandra and her husband were really nice! Even when there was a little confusion about the key, they were able to solve it in a jiffy. The room was great and the neighborhood was nice. Close to the Q train, so convenient as well. It was great to meet Alexandra, she is a nice person, she gives you the space you need and you feel free as in your home. I loved the place and the zone is quiet, and closer to the subway, this is awesome, you dont need to walk a lot to get the train. Definitely I would stay with Alexandra again. I have a new friend now, thanks for all your attentions.  Alexandra was incredibly accommodating for a last-minute visit -- and her place was convenient and incredibly comfortable. I really appreciated her great communication which made a holiday visit with family very special for me. Would highly recommend. Thank you! I strongly recommend this place. When I get there I was welcomed by a cheerful and nice people in the (Website hidden by Airbnb) is very near the Q line subway Cortelyou Road Station. Alexandra helped me get settled in their apartment even if she is out of the country. There are a lot of restaurants in the area and Alexandra recommended a lot of good Chinese, Japanese and  Korean restaurant in the area. It is very near everything! The kitchen and toilet is very clean. I had a wonderful stay in this apartment! Thank you Alexandra and Leonid! Juste parfait  Alexandra and Lenny were so welcoming and made me feel completely safe and at home. The room was spacious and the apartment was clean and comfy. Would definitely recommend!  Alexandras place was very nice and very convenient....the metro station was very close to her apartment. Alexandra is a five star host. She and Lenny have a beautiful home in a lovely neighborhood. They are very close to the subway station and also up the block are so many different amenities.  The entire apartment is spacious, well kept, exceptionally clean and decorated with great taste.  Alexandra is truly a host who cares about her guests comfort and safety. When I did not return back after spending time with a friend who was unexpectedly in town, Alexandra was very concerned about my whereabouts.  When I checked in, Alexandra and Lenny were not home but I was provided with detailed instructions on how to get myself settled in. I was also able to keep my luggage at the apartment until my flight later in the evening.  I highly recommend staying with Alexandra. It is a wonderful home in a great location but above all, it is hosted by an awesome person!   Excelente lugar, muy limpio. La habitación es igual a como se describe y ve en las fotos. Muy cerca de una estación de metro. Super klasse Gastgeber! Sehr zuverlässig, hilfsbereit und immer erreichbar! Wir haben uns sehr wohl gefühlt! Das Apartment ist sehr zentral gelegen und man kommt überall sehr schnell hin! Ca. 30 Minuten bis Manhattan! Wir würden wieder bei den beiden wohnen! Super klasse! My partner and i stayed at Alexandras place for 6 nights during our stay in New York and we throughly enjoyed our stay. The metro to Manhattan is a 2min walk away and there are plenty cafes etc close by for brunches and dinners. Alexandra kept in touch with us throughout our stay to make sure everything was going ok. The house was clean and tidy and bed comfortable. I definately reccommend this Air BnB to anyone looking for a place in Brooklyn. Thanks again Alexandra! :) Located near the subway but away from the noise.  The apartment is kept immaculately clean.  The room I rented was large and comfortable, air-conditioned to my complete comfort.  I stayed there during record NYC heat and often looked forward to the comfort of my room.  The host/hostess were friendly but respectful of privacy and very efficient.  My arrival and departure were seamless.  Very good value as well.  I have nothing but praise and absolutely no complaints. We had a great time staying here. Alexandra helped us with any question we had before our trip. Also the ones we had in NY. There were some restaurants and grocery stores nearby. The Subway was just around the corner from the apartment  with great access to most places in the city. A casa e o quarto apresentaram conforme a descrição do site. Leny e Alexandra foram muito prestativos e atenciosos, mesmo trabalhando o dia todo fora. A rua cortelyou tem muitas opções de refeição, mercados e café. A estação que fica quase na esquina da rua é um ponto muito bom, que acaba ""diminuindo"" a distância para Manhattan. A vizinhanxa é tranquila, mesmo voltando tarde voce encontra bastante pessoas na rua e no metrô. Voltaria novamente ao apartamento de Alexandra facilmente. Alexandra and Lenny are great hosts - very hospitable and full of great recommendations. And the apartment is totally awesome and really close to a subway station. We loved our stay!  Even though we didnt meet Alex in person, we really enjoyed our stay with her. The room is nice and spacious as well as the bathroom. Subway is in close walking distance and there are some nice spots in the area. Would definitely stay with Alex again.  I stayed at Alexandra for ten days. The apartment is very nice and the room is spacious and clean. Alexsandra and her husband are very friendly people and are always available for any need! Manhattan is easily accessible by subway, station is located around the corner. I would highly recommend staying by Alexsandra Alexandra and Lennys home is great! My itinerary kept me busy and out of the apartment except to sleep and shower, but they were extremely helpful in offering suggestions and anything I needed during my stay. Being a New York home, I didnt realize how large it would be! My room was beyond clean and over sized. My flight landed very late at night, but I communication was great and I was greeted and given a key. The location is close to the train as well and tons of great shops in the area. I definitely recommend a stay with them - you cant beat the value. Die Lage war für uns optimal. Kurzer Weg zur U-Bahn, Cafes auch nicht weit entfernt. Alles zu Fuß gut zu erreichen. Nachteil war allerdings, dass man das Zimmer nicht abschließen konnte, wenn man außer Haus war. I really enjoyed my stay with Alexandra & Lenny! Their apartment is very conveniently located a half block from the subway and close to many hip bars, restaurants & coffee shops. Everything was clean & tidy in their apartment, and I was grateful for both fast wifi & in-room A/C.  Alexandra & Lenny were warm & welcoming, graciously fed me a wonderful breakfast, and offered helpful advice & recommendations. In many ways my stay felt like visiting old friends. I would very happily stay with them again! Alexandra and Lenny were wonderful hosts. Although we were out most evenings and did not get to meet Alexandra, Lenny greeted us late in the evening. He kept in touch with us and got up in the middle of the night to accommodate our very late and unanticipated check-in.  Lenny even offered to boost our car battery after the battery got drained. The good location allowed for a walking distance access to a car service place at a great price which saved us a great deal of hassle. The interior decoration in Alexandras place added a personal and modern homy touch to their apt. Overall, an amazing stay at a great location! Amazing hospitality and welcoming by Alexandra & Lenny. The room looked exactly like on the picture, spacey,  very nice, and the bed was comfortable!   Immediate response with any questions that we had and great suggestions whats around.   The place is just around the corner from the Q line so it was very convenient.   Super happy about our choice and definitely recommend to stay there. I really enjoyed Alexandra’s place.  The area is safe, 2 mins to the subway and a grocery. Q line is easy to get around the city and is super quick as well.  Their apartment is really cozy and clean. The room is spacious and comfortable. Moreover,quests have their own bathroom,which is cool. The kitchen is fully equipped, you can cook anything you want. There is a living room with a TV if you want, but I never used this room, as I spend all my time exploring the city. The hosts are super friendly and easy to reach out:) They gave some advice about cool places to go, such as cafés,restaurants, coffee shops. I would definitely recommend anyone to come here ,as I had a great experience. I would come here myself  again whenever I visit NYC. Amazing place! The room is so big, so clean, like the rest of the flat as well. Location is perfect, since there are thousands of small bars, restaurants, shops and metro station is literally 1 min walking distance and takes you straight to city center in only 30 mins! We felt safe during whole time, day and night, and would definitely recommend to everyone to book this place, since the hosts were so respectful, accurate and helpful. Thank you so much, and if we ever come to NY again, we will search for your place for sure! The room is great - spacious and clean. NYC was having an odd hot October week when I was there, so the air conditioning unit was an added bonus. The location of the apartment is very good. Close to the subway and plenty of places nearby to get food, coffee, etc. Lovely walking around the tree-lined streets of Ditmas Park on a sunny day. I wasnt around much and didnt meet Alexandra in person but communication was good and her husband Lenny helped me in after my late flight arrival. Definitely recommend and will book again! Comfortable and clean room Great location and plenty of great food options close by as well as the room cleanliness just topped it off very well recommended. Alexandra’s place is the best option to stay in New York, close to de subway station ( line Q), very clean, and the bed is so comfortable. The room is like you can see at the pictures, with lot of space and with a cool decoration. We shared de bathroom with the other guest but this was not a problem, it was always clean and available. Thank you Alexandra and Lenny for everything, we really enjoyed our stay with you. A great place, very close to the station.  The room was clean and there was enough of space. Comfortable bed for a good sleep. We didnt hear the sounds from the streets. Alexandra and Lenny was great hosts.  We recommend it! A 40 min de Manhattan ! El Mtro está a una cuadra del dpto ! Muy recomendable Our stay was great. Leeny is an excellent host, he was always in communication with us, he recommended places for lunch and dinner. The place is as shown in the pictures, very clean and spacious, quite nice and comfortable, it is very close to the subway, the area is safe. I highly recommend it and we will definitely be going back soon. Great place, and location. We definitely recommend it! el cuarto del este apartamento esta muy comodo y amplio tiene todo lo que se necesita, la cocina tambien muy completa para quien requiera utilizarla, todo muy limpio. Estuve 11 dias muy cerca de i hja que vive en la misma area"	1
690	Excellent location -- wonderful access to Chelsea as well as the Theater District and great shopping.  You can walk the entire city from here.  The apartment itself is incredibly spacious and comfortable.  Henrik was attentive and delightful as a host.  Many thanks for a wonderful visit to the city. Henrik was a fantastic host and did everything he could to make us feel welcome. We had an unforeseen travel delay and Henrik was exceptionally accommodative. During our stay he was very also quick to respond to any questions.  The apartment is exactly as it looks in the photos, incredibly spacious and homely with a lovely rustic charm. The location is also ideal for mid town activities, close to theatres and various subway options for exploring Manhattan.  Overall we had a lovely stay and I cant thank Henrik and his wife enough for making us feel so welcome..  Amazing stay!!!! Everything about this place is great. The book collection is wonderful, the beds are really comfy, the host welcomes you with goodies, and the location is ideal. I highly recommend Henriks apartment!! Trés agréable We had a fantastic stay!  Henrik accommodated our late arrival and gave us a thorough tour.  The apartment is in a great location and is HUGE.  Compared to booking 2 hotel rooms for our family of 5, the apartment had significantly more space for less money.  Henrik was very accommodating in setting up the bed configuration that would work for our family.  We highly recommend this apartment! Appartamento spazioso e confortevole per 2 coppie ed un bambino. La cucina e completamente attrezzata. Lappartamento si trova in una posizione molto comoda. Unico neo: il rumore del traffico e delle sirene al mattino presto e fino a tarda notte che si sente dalle camere se si ha il sonno leggero .... ! Ma questa è New York, siamo a Manhattan... ! Per il resto, tutto corrisponde a quanto descritto e fotografato. Il proprietario, puntuale e gentile, ci ha assistito per e mail con informazioni e consigli prima della partenza e ci ha contattato anche telefonicamente durante il soggiorno per verificare che tutto andasse nel migliore dei modi.   Una scelta consigliata.  Henrik is a great host. His place is great - huge, clean and at a great location. Would definitely stay there again. We had a lovely stay. The apartment has a big living area with big windows which makes the place very bright and pleasant to be in. Henrik and his wife are very nice and thoughtful people. The fridge was filled with milk, juice, croissant, eggs, butter etc... so we didnt have to rush to a store after our long trip. Henriks office is next door which proved very handy. Apartment location is awesome. You can reach any location in Manhattan by walking or by subway. Apartment was very clean and we really appreciated the welcome pack. Henrik and his wife have been great hosters from A to Z. I definitely recomment this place. Excellent flat,spacious, nice decoration, easy to reach and very comfortable. The hosts Henrik and Nancee amazing, genuine in ensuring that you feel at home and very helpful on information. They proved very flexible around timing and responded immediately before our arrival and during our stay. We would certainly choose the same apartment in future stays. Thanks a lot Great place to stay. Fantastic loft with great love to details. Host very welcoming and could not have been nicer to deal with. Henriks place is simply awesome. It is also one of the best values in the city.  The gift basket was a very nice touch.  Everything we could possibly need was available.  The space is huge, clean, and well stocked.  It was a pleasure meeting Henrik and his wife.  Very easy to highly recommend Henriks place.  Thank you for an excellent stay! We had the opportunity to stay at Henriks place again, and again I can say AWESOME!  We had an excellent stay and plan to return on our next visit to the city.   Henriks place is such a great find in New York City!  We traveled with our two kids and Henrik provided a pack and play and high chair for us, which was such a relief!    The apartment is big!  And not just big for NYC.  Great large windows, strong AC for the summer months, easy transportation access (both the subway and LIRR) and easy check in and check out.  One of the greatest airbnb finds for us!  We loved staying here.   非常棒的房子。位置优越,楼下超市、咖啡厅、健身房、干洗店一应俱全。屋内配置非常齐全,而且屋主应该很爱做饭,厨房里应有尽有。屋主的招待很周到,冰箱和桌上有准备的点心、饮料、零食,日常如果有什么疑问也会及时回复,还会分享一些在曼哈顿好玩的地方,非常温暖、周到并有生活情趣的一家人。喜欢这里,再去曼哈顿度假时,还会选择这套屋子。	1
691	Thanks for the great service! Great place Great place, clean rooms and Nino is a great host. Close to airport and easy to find. great communication. Ninos place is great as always Great place to stay! Niños place is awesome for commuters. Not far at all from LaGuardia, immaculately clean and Nino is a  friendly host. Great place for crew members, $7-$10 uber ride to airport. My home sweet home. .....away from home Great place great host and location Super friendly! Responses to questions were answered quickly and with great detail Great stay walking distance from Laguardia Great stay clean quiet Great place great host Great spot for commuters. Nino understands the life of a commuter and it shows by this great space. Nino is very helpful and hospitable. Highly Recommend Great place clean quiet close to Laguardia Perfect for a couple of nights	1
692	Cool spot Alain was a really nice and attentive host. The communication was great. The place is well located, there are many shops et restaurants around. The subway station is also really near. It was a great stay ! Its a great bachelors pad and the location is great! Its a sneaker heads dream in that area. Excellent location and great value. Good location, very convenient if you want to take a train to Manhattan. Great host! Very helpful and quick to answer! So close to the subway and great places to eat nearby! Everything was all good I actually enjoyed my stay there for two nights it was great	1
693	Great apartment in a great location A very quiet apartment which is also VERY quiet, located in a great part of New York. Lara was a good host. Location was kind of worth it Great space with good energy for those who love to be on UES. Great location and very clean! Nice size space with cable and wifi. Lara met us personally at the apartment with the keys and explained things. She also was good at responding to any questions we had by text.   Super close to Central Park and Museums. Place was clean and fridge, oven, silverware and glasses and plates available if needed.   Tiny old elevator was nice to get luggage to 4th floor and Lara was very helpful with this since the trim in the entire building was freshly painted. Unfortunately, the elevator broke with us in it and was not fixed by the time we left.   Radiated heat is loud when it comes on, but quiet in bedroom. No control for heat in apartment, but screenless windows can be opened if it gets warm.  Host will want to communicate location details via email or text instead or Airbnb messenger. Great Apartment in a really good neighbourhood. So close to Central Park and other landmarks that makes it attractive place to stay. Clean, quiet, and if you like to stay a place like home away from home , this is it.	0
694	Do not plan to stay here if you have kids. The flooring is so bad that even if you walk it creates a lot of noise and neighbours will complain .   However, the host was very good.. he did arrange everything perfectly and kept the unit clean. He is really good in communication. I like the apt a lot! And Ethan was very sweet. I highly recommend their room. The room is clean and the location is awesome. Also Ethan is kind. This is valuable place! Pros:  Ethan is very relaxed, calm and welcoming.   His dog is adorable and so quiet and calm, its hard to believe.   Location is amazing, place is very nice and clean, bed is comfortable.  Nice touch with scented candle upon arrival. Cons: the constant hot water leak in the bathtub (waiting for landlord to fix it) drove me nuts - wasteful, and overheated the bathroom.   Ethan sleeps on the sofa couch in the living room which is in the middle of everything so you really feel like you are in each others space (i.e. to be kind, we tip-toed around when he was sleeping, which also meant we did not feel comfortable using kitchen to make coffee in the morning).  Im sure he wouldnt mind if you did though.  Neutral:  Place is central, so bring earplugs against the noise (i.e. honking, construction nearby) and an eye mask if you are sensitive to light in the morning. Overall, great value, great location, I would recommend it! Hi! I spent nice days in NY living in Ethan´s appartment. He´s a very quiet guy, responsable student living with a small dog that you even don´t apreciate she´s there, except for hairs. Everything is clean, and the room and bed are really confortable even for 2 (I was alone). But the best of all is the ubication, 10 minutes to Times Square, 10 minutes to Central Park, nearby subway stations, and pubs and restaurants at a walk distance, but this is not difficult in NY! Thanks Ethan, thanks NY! Very nice place. Bed very comfortable. Ethan slept on the couch but hes not always in town when guests are there	0
695	This apartment is a beautiful find. so airy and has a lovely feel with exposed brick and beams etc. 2 minutes walk to L train subway so can be at 1st ave in about 6 minutes, union square in 10 and meatpacking in 15. Lots of nice little shops, places to eat and drink on Graham ave and Bedford avenue is buzzing and its only round the corner!  The building is quite and friendly.... Mike the care taker is a gem and helps with anything you may need. Rooftop has views to empire state and theres a basic gym and laundry service in building too which is super convenient. Would definitely stay again. We had reserved another place and had it canceled by the owner two days prior to our visit to NYC. We found this place and were delighted with the experience. The apartment is minimalist but bright, airy, and is a very good location. Everything needed is within a few short blocks: the L station, grocery stores, places to eat,etc. The NYC skyline view from the roof is nice. The building supervisor, Mike, is responsive. Our hosts were in Switzerland with their new baby, but kept in touch via email to make sure everything was up to expectations. They had a previous guest that overstayed, without permission, and did not fully take care of the apartment. The supervisior and the cleaning lady made the apartment nice and clean for our arrival. This is a nice place. If you choose to stay here, treat is with respect. The hosts treated us with respect and concern.  The owners were very timely with communications and the condo was exactly as they described.  The unit was clean, bright, and located near many great restaurants (Michelin starred & Esquire best new restaurant within a 1/2 block), and the L train.  This was a great base camp for 2 weeks in NYC.  I would very happily stay here again!  Well-situated apartment with nice furniture & design. Close to subway and surrounded by very lively neigdourhood full of cafes, flea markets etc. We enjoyed our stay very much. Beautiful loft, great location, very very clean. Mathias is very communicative and a great host, highly recommended. I really really really enjoyed staying here. Its such a cool apartment, well decorated, and has everything you need to stay a little while or a long while. The neighbourhood is great, with easy access to public transport. There is a roof which is a great place to chill out.    Mathias was a brilliant host (even being across the waters). Everything which was organised worked out beautifully.    I was sad to leave because I liked it so much. My friend and I spent 8 nights in Mathias wonderful loft, while we were attending a conference in NYC.  Our stay coulnt have been any better. Although we didnt meet Mathias in person, the contact was very friendly and helpful right from the start. Upon arrival, he organized the supervisor of the building to hand us the keys and show us everything. Mathias provided us with everything we needed, including restaurant recommendations etc.    The loft itself is just perfect, it was very clean, spacious, elegant, excactly as described and we felt very at home. The kitchen is fully equipped, lots of storage space for clothing, a nice dining table and there even is a sofa now. A great plus was the roof terrace, which is nice with a drink in the evening.     The location of the loft was great for us, as it is really close to the L-train (3 stops to Manhattan) and Williamsburg itself is vibrant and theres a lot to discover. In the direct neighborhood youll find several supermarkets, bars, and shops. But the most important for us: the loft is very very quiet. Coming home after a long Manhattan day - you dont want to hear the city anymore and take a good sleep.     Thank you again and we wouldnt hesitate to book Mathias loft again! This apartment was in a great location, just a few short blocks to the subway, and the L train is a good train to get you into manhattan. I found walking through the neighborhood safe and pleasant, and there were many convinces like nice health focused grocery stores, some nice bars and restaurants on the block. The apartment itself is much more spacious than it looks in the photos. The ceiling is very high and its facing the sun for part of the day which is nice. The apartment had all of the essentials for cooking and lots of storage space for your belongings. Mathias and Monika were very responsive in corresponding with me, and their super in the building was very attentive and nice. The gym downstairs in the building is very sufficient. I would recommend staying here in Brooklyn, the price location and friendly hosts are super.   We stayed Mathias and Monikas loft for over a month and we highly recommend staying here!! From arriving to departing everything has been absolutely perfect!! We relocated with our 4 year old son from Munich, Germany to NYC, and with everything going on in our lives we really needed a comfortable and welcoming place to stay, and this was the place!! On arriving, the super Mike was there to show us around and hand us the keys. Mathias had emailed us all practical info so there was no need for lots of emailing with our hosts. The loft is fully equipped, which for us was great as we cook mostly at home. We pushed the sofa up against the bed to make an extra bed next to ours for our son, the long curtain around the bed created a tent like feeling which he loved, super cosy :)   The area has lots to offer, very good restaurants and bars just across the street!! When the sun was shining we enjoyed getting dressed warm and having lunch at the roof top while enjoying the amazing view over the Manhattan skyline!!   On our departure, our next Airbnb booking did not quite overlap with the first, and Mathias and Monika were very helpful and flexible in helping us make the accommodation puzzle ad up. Thanks a lot guys!!!!!!!!  We were sad to leave, and will definitely book again for friends or family!!!  XXX     Our stay at this place was just perfect! The apartment is huge and gets a lot of light which makes a bright and very nice atmosphere. The Kitchen has everything you need to prepare your own breakfast. The location is wonderful - only a few steps to the subway station or even by foot you can explorevthe very nice neighbourhood. We had a very very nice stay and would definitely come back here!!    Très beau Loft, agréable, très bien situé à Brooklyn, de très bons restaurants autour (Okonomi, Champs, Sel de Mer..) le metro (L) à côté. très propre, très bonne connexion wifi. Mathias a toujours répondu rapidement à mes questions. Je recommande vivement cet appartement! et jy reviendrai! We liked the apartment a lot. It is exactly as shown in the photos. Its spacious, very nicely furnished and simply great. The neighbourhood has a really good atmosphere. Its in walking distance to the cool Williamsburg areas yet has a relaxed feel. We enjoyed just going for a quick drink or getting delicious icecream. Dont miss the great mexican restaurant nearby.  We also enjoyed the gym and the roof garden. Communication with Mathias and Mike the super was easy and very pleasant. I hope we will manage to come back at some point! Mathias was always very kind responding everything fast.     The apartment is just like the photos (furniture can be moved a little... and actually when I came, the layout was even better, including a couch).    Mike was really kind too and helped us with everything.  Fast internet and wifi. Everything you need in the kitchen. Good laundry room and gym in the building. And the rooftop is awesome!      Perfect neighbourhood for those who are looking for a good experience in Brooklyn. Safe, full of restaurantes, grocery shops, lots of organic food around, you can even get a hair cut, practice yoga, or get a tattoo practically without leaving your block!   Very close to the Graham Subway Station that can get to you to Manhattan very fast.    The only complaint, but maybe it`s something personal: the AC is too loud. But it was a very very hot summer and even so we didnt have to use it a lot.. so.. it wasnt a big problem.    Great experience!   I literally could not ask for anything more, this space was amazing, Mathias was perfect with his timing and response to my questions, just perfect! Mia moglie ed io abbiamo trovato corrispondente la descrizione della casa,larredamento essenziale e funzionale, stoviglie e biancheria presenti quanto necessitae la posizione dellalloggio molto tranquilla, pur con la presenza di vicini giovani e gentili,nelle vicinanze tutto quanto serve a vivere in casa ,con la fermata della metro non lontana.  Insomma un loft molto consigliabile .... Mathias is a very nice guy. Communication was easy and he was easy to get in contact any time.  The loft is absolutely AMAZING!!!! In fact, it was larger than I thought it would be!!! Had great energy, really lovely people in the apartment block and the best neighbourhood. The huge rooftop has the most beautiful view.  The photos were pretty accurate, slightly different layout, there is now a couch and the walls are freshly painted white. The apartment is very clean, the bed was very comfortable.   We definitely hope to stay there again! L’appartement est très agréable et confortable … l’immeuble et le quartier sont parfaitement situés (restaurant, métro, café…). C’est vivant et à dix minutes en métro du centre de Manhattan. Bref, une semaine à New York vraiment cool. I really enjoyed my stay at Mathiass place. A colleague arranged the booking and by all accounts it was a smooth and easy process. The place was clean and beautiful (as pictured) and I would definitely recommend it!  The apartment was not cleaned when I arrived. I sent the host picture Of the dirty floors, hair in the sheets, sink etc... He was blase about it. I ended up calling a cleaner myself bc the stay was extended. They were overseas so communication was difficult bc of time zones. I would not stay here again. Amazing loft. Loved my stay. Close to many restaurants, a market downstairs, lovely rooftop. Highly recommended.  Matthias studio was perfect for my staying! The apartment was very clean and Matthias very helpful for the check in and very quick answering to all my emails. The roof is a great place where to chill during the day! Great neighborhood! For sure i would love to come back! Thanks for everything.  f. Perfect.   Mathias apartment is right in the middle of up and coming East Williamsburg its a two minute walk from the subway and therefore close to all the local amenities - Try Charter house coffee when you stay there which is right across the street.   For a space thats 1200 square feet, its super cosy and on weekends the sunshine floods in and fills the apartment will golden light.   Mathias was always available to help us when on the odd occasion we had an issue and the problem normally got resolved pretty quickly without any fuss.   Were now in our new apt in Brooklyn but wish very much we were back at Mathias place.   Thanks for having us!	1
696	I was strapped for place to stay in Brooklyn last minute, and Raquel was incredibly responsive even though I gave only a few hours notice before my late arrival. The neighborhood is great, close to subways station to get vastly into Manhattan! Getting in and out of the apartment was a breeze, and it was totally cute,brand new  - very serviceable. I would 100% recommend this apt to friends and family! It was an overall great experience! Thank you Raquel ! Raquel est une hote superbe elle est tres attentive a nos besoins et tres disponible et reactive   Tres attentionnee elle nous a acceuillis avec des petites et delicates attentions  L appartement est superbe tel que les photos   Tout est neuf   L appartement est situe a deux min a pieds du metro pour une ligne directe a manhattan en moins de 20 min   Quartier bobo en pleine expansions   Cafe supermarche a proximite et ouvert 7/7   N hesitez pas vous ne serez pas decu.....  Excellent moyens de visiter new york a moindre frais et raquel sera toujours la pour vous aider    The flat is in a great shape, super clean and Raquel is completely available to answer any questions. The neighborhood is extremely quiet and safe, being at a reasonable distance from Manhattan (approx. 25mn in metro). Great NYC/Brooklyn experience guaranteed ! Raquel was an amazing host! Very attentive and very (VERY!) quick to respond to all questions! She checked in throughout the trip to make sure everything was going well, and was flexible on check-out time! The apartment is perfect for two! All the necessities are available - towels, internet, kitchen appliances, sheets, tv. The place was clean and tidy upon my arrival. Check-in was smooth! 100% best place!    For those first-timers in New York, this apartment is perfect.About 30 minutes by train to Manhattan (near three subway lines!). The neighbourhood is filled with lots of families, up-and-coming, but SAFE! I never felt unsafe!  Lovely, clean unit in a townhouse. Communication with host and arrival logistics were smooth. Quiet and safe neighbourhood, reasonably close to subway lines. Bonus free Netflix included! I would definitely recommend staying with Raquel. Staying at Raquels place was an amazing experience . The neighborhood is friendly and quite and a perfect escape from the Manhattans rhythm. Raquel is a super host and I can just spend good words for her. The flats are clean new and cozy .  The place was wonderful, I will definitely stay here again!!! Short walk to several subway stops, great little cocktail bar at the end of the block, everything you need if you want to make your own meals, super comfortable bed, and street parking available.  We spent 2 great (Email hidden by Airbnb) fy place with a large bed and Netflix included. A private bathroom. Everything is like the pictures. The M train is about 12 minutes walk and reaches lower Manhattan in 25 minutes. Communication with Raquel was great and she was nice and convenient. There are shops around the neighbourhood for groceries.  I stayed at Rebeccas place during 3 nights ! She was very kind ! And helpful when I need her ! The place is really nice ! And nice neighborhood , she also speaks Spanish which helped me ! The subway is close ! But is not very nice to take at night since the street where is located is as nice as where the house is located , besides that everything was great  Our stay was very pleasant in Raquels appartment. Its conform to the description and very clean. Raquel is very kind she answer very quickly to our request. Appartement is close to the M train 10 min and close to several street in Brooklin with painted walls (street art). New York is amaizing  Very nice place, easy communication with host, had a great time during our stay.  Raquel est une hôte très accueillante qui répond facilement à toutes les questions. Lappartement correspond exactement aux photos.   Les métros ne sont quà quelques minutes à pieds de lappartement.     Nous avons eu quelques petits problèmes avec la température de la douche et la chaleur dans lappartement que Raquel a essayé de régler.    Je recommande fortement ce logement et cet hôte !  Raquel was a great host! Unfortunately the hot water was broken in the shower for a couple of days of our stay, she did get it fixed as soon as possible. It would have been nice for the previous guests to mention it. The apartment was clean and safe. It was a really nice time we spend in Raquels place. It is accessible by Merro in 2 different lines. A very colorful neighborhood full of cheerful people from PuertoRico. I totally recomend the place if you want to stay nearby NYC, in an non expensive apartment in Brooklyn very well communicated with supermarket and services around.  We had a great stay, enjoyed the apartment and the location. Raquel was really helpful. Super séjour à NYC! Lappartement se situe à Brooklyn mais il est facile et assez rapide daccéder à Manhattan en métro.   Appartement et quartier calme.   Raquel est très disponible et accueillante. Il est facile de la contacter en cas de soucis ou de questions. Nous recommandons cet appartement!!  Raquel Was fastidio to answer our call when we arrive in NY, apartment was nice and veri clean. There was coffe and some snack for breakfast. The position is close to 2 subway station to reach the downtown in 30minuts.   I recommend Raquels apartament. It is conveniently located between JZ and M subway lines which both go to Manhattan via Williamsburg. The area is full of all kinds of shops, restaurants & bars and seems to be rather safe. The apartment is equipped with everything you may need during your stay. Raquel was a very helpful host and we would definitely stay at her place again! Appartement confortable, très propre et bien aménagé. On se sent comme chez soi.  Une cuisine bien pratique. Gros problème toutefois sur la douche, avec impossibilité de réguler le chaud et le froid pour se laver en toute tranquillité, malgré lintervention de Raquel sur la température. Raquel était joignable pendant notre séjour mais nous ne lavons jamais vue. The location was easy to travel from with the 3 stations within walking distance. We were alerting the day before our trip that there were shower temperature issues currently happening. We had a hard time getting the water to stay at a comfortable level when using it. The area information that was left inside the apartment was helpful ( maps and restaurant suggestions). One night while we there in another area of the basement ( not part of the listing space) a band practice happened. We were quite surprised by this and wish notice of the noise would have been included in the listing.  The apartment was very clean and is located near the subway  Raquel respond very quickly to all our questions  This appartment is a great place to stay Everything was as explained! We had a wonderful stay!  merci à toi raquel   super hote , arrangeante ,aidante  je recommande le quartier qui est calme , parfait avec un enfant pour visiter nex York. lappartement est propre et joli.   le logement se trouve à 5 minutes à pied dune station de métro et à 30 minutes de manatan .   jai juste regretté de ne pas avoir penser à amener du bon vin à raquel, ce sera pour une prochaine fois promis !merci à toi pour ton aide et tes arrangements au niveau horaire ;see you later ! Raquer ma donné toutes les informations nécessaires pour accéder aux clefs avant mon arrivée.   Elle a veillé à notre bien être en communiquant par email. Toutes les infos nécessaires au logement, transports, restaurants sont répertoriées sur une feuille dans lappartement ce qui facilite tout.  Lappartement est petit mais avec tout le nécessaire pour faire à manger.   Nous sommes rentrées à toute heure du jour et de la nuit sans aucun souci et il y a un super café /bar/restaurant à 1 minute de lappart: le sunset/sunrise.  Nous avons passé un super séjour et Raquel se soucie vraiment de ses hôtes et de leur confort.  I will be back ;-)   Salió todo muy bien. El barrio era cómodo para trasladarse  y Raquel siempre estuvo atenta y presente ante alguna duda. El departamento es mas grande que lo que se ve en las fotos y está bien equipado! Un placer hospedarse  Raquel was really nice, really gave me my space the whole time I stayed there. She was very professional. Raquel was a super host. We had a great time in her flat. It was also very central, to get to metro and to manhattan. We would love to come again! Voyage parfait !!!! Une hote de qualiter, repond a toute vos question en moin d une heure du matin au soir, tres gentille et toujour a l écoute! L appartement pour 3 adultes etait parfait entre le lit et le canaper lit, une cuisine sufisante pour se faire de bon petit dejeuner !  30 min de manhattan et 45 de times square, metro a 5 et 10 min de ch que coter de l appartement, vraiment on ne c est pas tromper d avoir choisie cette appartement! Merci encore a raquel et j espere pouvoir revenir dans quelque temps sur new york et biensur dans cette appartement !!! O apartamento é exatamente como apresentado nas fotos. Próximo a duas linhas do metrô, cerca de 10min de caminhada. O espaço é bom e encontramos tudo que precisávamos. Cama confortável. Raquel foi atenciosa e respondeu prontamente as nossas necessidades. Apenas ressalto que levam cerca de 20min de metrô para entrar em Manhattan. Recomendo o lugar. Raquel a toujours été à notre disposition lorsque nous avions un problème   Le logement est bien situé à 7 minutes à pied du métro qui dessert le sud de Manhattan   Notre séjour était parfait   Je conseille vraiment ce air bnb les yeux fermés   Merci Raquel  Bonne année  Bisous This basement flat was perfect for us! Modern and clean, and close enough to a few different subway stations. We would definitely stay here again! Raquel siempre fue muy amable y atenta con nosotros.  El lugar es muy lindo y cerca de muchos transportes publicos para ir a Manhattan. De volver a Nueva York no dudaria en regresar a su apartamento. Gracias por todo! We have a good time there. We only had some problems with the hot water in the shower. The house is really small but it is very clean. The host, Raquel, is very nice and friendly. Perfect weekend retreat for me and my teenage daughter. Close to several train lines for easy commute to the city. The neighborhood was safe and quiet. Felt comfortable walking home at night with my child. Raquel is a super host who has information and maps ready for you. Communication with her was spectacular as well; she responded to all text messages quickly. The only issue was with the shower and Raquel worked quickly to help find resolution. Will definitely stay with Raquel again for our future trips to the city.  Lappartement de Raquel est lappartement quil vous faut. Bien situé entre 2 lignes de métro majeures (M-J-Z) qui vous emmènent partout dans Manhattan, il est en plein cœur du très sympathique quartier latino de Brooklyn juste à côté des mur peints de Bushwick et pas loin de Williamsburg. Très propre et très confortable, lappartement est idéal pour 2 ou 3 personnes. Raquel et sa famille habitent juste au-dessus. Toujours disponible et surtout très attentionnée, Raquel se fera un plaisir de vous accueillir aussi chaleureusement que nous lavons été. Tout était parfait en somme, à vous à présent den profiter !  Raquels apartment is the apartment for you! Conveniently located between 2 main subway lines (M-J-Z) driving to Manhattan (downtown and downtown), it is in the heart of the lovely Latin district of Brooklyn, right next to the painted walls of Bushwick and not far from the Williamsburg area. Very clean and very comfortable, the apartment is the best for 2 or 3 guests. Raquel and his family live just above it. Always available and particularly attentive, Raquel will be happy to welcome you as warmly as we have been. Everything was perfect, enjoy this place your turn. Appartement situé dans un quartier tranquille à 15-20 mn de manhattan  Rachel est à lecoute en cas de problème  Great place! Clean, safe, quiet neighborhood. Great location!! Close to train stations. Communication was quick and clear. We will definitely stay here next time we are in town!  Great stay Great host Love Bushwick Raquels place was an amazing finding. Really close to the J line, that gets you to Manhattan in a little over 15min. The area was very nice and welcoming, with many supermarkets and nice places to eat.  The downside of the studio is the noise. You can hear everything going on upstairs, but if youre an early bird and want to make the most of your day out and about it wont be an issue. She was very accomodating with our arrival and departure, and was always available when we needed her, responding very quickly to our requests. We can not recommend her place enough. Lappartement correspond bien à la description. Bien quen entresol, il nest pas trop sombre. Un peu humide toutefois. La literie est très confortable. Raquel est très reactive et symparhique. Lappartement se trouve dans un quartier assez sûr. Nous rentrions à minuit sans avoir peur. Il est à 10/12 minutes des métros M et J qui desservent Manhattan en 20/30 minutes. Métros peu fhequents. Bon rapport qualité/prix. The description is very reliable. Not too dark. A little humid. The bed is good. Raquel is friendly and answers questions very quickly. The area is safe. We used to come back at 12.00 pm and wewereot afraid at all.. We need 10/12 minutes to go to the subway stations M or J. Not many subways. Good quality/fare ratio Nous avons passé un séjour dune semaine à 3, lappartement était tel que décrit dans lannonce,propre, spacieux pour un studio et très bien équipé, on a trouvé tout ce dont on avait besoin. Le studio est très bien situé entre plusieurs lignes de métro, des commerces à proximité et lambiance du quartier est très festive!! Nous avons peu vu Raquel mais elle a été très attentive de nos besoins et à pris le temps denvoyer des messages pour être sûr que tout se passait bien pour nous. Nous recommandons très fortement le studio de Raquel. Merci beaucoup Raquel Nous avons passé la semaine du  16 au 23 juin dans ce studio. Voici notre ressenti : Location : le studio est hyperbien desservi avec 3 lignes (M,L,J) de métro à environ 10 minutes. Environnement : quartier très populaire, en première impression on peut penser quil sagit dun quartier sensible mais pas du tout, voisinage très avenant  Prix : New-York est une ville très très chère, pas moins de 1300e parfois pour un studio. Aussi, ce studio offre lopportunité de soffrir un tel voyage à bas prix.  Logement : Clairement le bas blesse,  nous étions dans un sous-sol avec une seule demi-fenêtre qui souvre très difficilement.  Salle deau : une aération inefficace, nettoyage superficiel, bac à douche très bas de plafond.   Toilette géré par un broyeur. Pour anedocte, les toilettes se sont bouchés mais le plombier est intervenu en moins de 24h. Nous avons donc eu une petite poubelle pour y mettre le papier wc. Dc ayez une hygiène irréprochable.  Les lits : Le matelas du lit double semble être en mousse et très inconfortable.   Côté cuisine :  Nous ne lavons pas testé mais il y a de quoi cuisiner     nb : il y a un gros problème dhumidité, les serviettes de bain ne sèchent pas et finissent par sentir mauvais. Nous avons retrouvé au lendemain de la 1er nuit nos téléphones trempé nous navons pas jamais vu raquel et la connexion internet était un peu aléatoire Very responsive very very helpful. The neighborhood is in a very clean, quiet and culture enriched area. You have access to any and everything and the price works! I will recommend this to anyone! Great host  Très bon séjour, nous recommandons lappartement. Raquel à toujours été disponible  Raquel had a lovely house and was super helpful when we had some stuff we needed to check-in about. Really great neighborhood and much calmer than the buzz of the city. Would definitely come back! Raquels place is as published, though small all furniture and appliances are smartly placed which gives the impression of having lots of space. We did not get to meet Raquel but she was in constant contact and answers any question immediately. Great place in a comfortable area and great access to transport.  Everything is new and functionally designed. I would definitely recommend it. We enjoyed staying at Raquels during our stay in NY. She responded promptly and was very clear. The apartment was clean and accessible to public transit. We felt very safe walking through the neighborhood at any time of day. We would definitely stay again! Appartement en bon état, propre, laccueil est très chaleureux. Le logement se trouve dans un quartier typique de Bushwick. Plusieurs stations de metro sont à disposition, toutes permettent de rejoindre Manhattan en une petite vingtaine de minutes. Our stay with Raquel was very nice. The studio was absolutely very clean and the neighborhood was nice. We felt very safe. My girlfriend got sick during our stay and Raquel and her husband Douglas really helped us with looking for a good doctor.  Only remark I can think of is that the ceiling is really low. Im 1,92m and I hit my head a couple of times in the bathroom.  But this is not a dealbreaker for me. I would come back if I ever visit New York again.  Many thanks! Molto pulito e tutto spiegato molto bene Very great place to stay! One of the best beds Ive ever slept on. Very comfy! I was lucky enough to have found this gem jut down then street from my best friends house, would definitely book again! Rachel was an amazing host. Our stay here was comfortable and modern. Close to a lot of bars and transit. Would definitely recommend staying here. Excellent location and extremely comfortable. Raquel is so helpful and checking in etc was so easy. Highly recommend!! Nous avons passé un très bon séjour chez Rachel. Le quartier est sympa et il est facile de se rendre à Manhattan. Appartement conforme à nos attentes et tout à fait fonctionnel. On recommande pour ce prix très raisonnable ! Merci Raquel. Thanks Raquel for letting us stay in your apartment! It was perfect in size, location and cleanliness. We enjoyed meeting you and would definitely stay again when we visit NYC Raquel’s studio is a great home base for a plotting an up and coming area of Bushwick. Close to the subways, so SoHo isn’t very far from your doorstep!	1
697	Amazing apartment great space I will be staying here again with every amenity you can need, super close to restaurants and anything you could need in New York and subway is close by as well This location is prime for restaurants, theatres and the ballet or Philharmonic.  It is a new building, so the studios are comfortable and have a much more open feel than the one bedrooms. The furnishings are adequate while not high quality.  The kitchen & bath are just as pictured and the washer/dryer unit while slow is so convenient!  The problems we encountered were made right by the owner in quick time. Excellent location. Very friendly and helpful host. Well equipped studio. The studio apartment was great for 4 young women to share with good lighting, balcony, and all the basic necessities. The washing machine/dryer came in handy. If youre planning to use it, I would suggest to bring a small amount with you from home or you can buy it at the corner market as the apartment does not supply it for you. The sofa bed is a little worn as I can feel the springs and metal poking through the mattress, but not a big issue since we were never home and exhausted by the time we were ready to sleep. Other than that, very spacious and close in proximity to everything. Great place, location and the hosts were very friendly and accommodating. Anything we needed, he said just let him know. Luckily we were just fine with everything in the apartment. This was not a good stay. The apartment is older than described. The floors leak water and the beddings are dirty and stained. We had to walk on wet wooden floors throughout our stay and clean the water of the floor constantly. The apartment is definitely not newly furnished as they described.  The water system is broken and can not provide warm water (only steaming hot or cold). The kitchen area was dirty when we arrived with stain and grease on the stove and dirty cupboards and drawers. The pots were stained and some had disgusting black bottoms.  Furthermore, our neighbors were noisy and played loud music at night and, the trash is taken out only weekly with no recycling options suggesting a poor management.   Additionally, our checkin was a terrible experience as the host was very unfriendly and didn’t provide any directions or seemed to care about his host. We waited for almost an hour outside the building for someone to arrive until his secretary showed up. The initial experience was confusing and unfriendly.  All in all, I would not recommend this host or the apartment. There are cheaper and more reasonable options out there.	0
698	the room is very small, and not clean,  they often didnt supply tissue at toilet. but traffic line is not bad.    Leo and Chris were very accommodating. Room was exactly as described and the stay was great. Also great location/neighborhood, all necessities very close by and the heart of New york City just a few miles away.   The room looks bigger but it isnt.  If one is willing to sacrifice comfort for economy, and plans to spend minimal time at the residence, then this could be a good fit. Improve the cleanliness the room is good, quiet and warm in the winter, the host is kind. The Hosts were very much available and handled all details.  This is a very basic place but met our needs for our commuting life.  Very small, but clean and comfortable.  	0
699	"Nate is very fair and friendly. His apartment is very clean and comfy. The place gives off an amazing, airy, relaxing vibe because the windows are huge and the balcony gives you an intimate moment with the sky, I ate breakfast and dinner out there my entire stay. Nate even offerred me a complimentary bottle of wine! The Apple TV & wifi are fast and efficient. The bathroom looks never used. Theres rooftop access in the building and some chairs up there to relax to the beautiful view. I love this place and felt so at home. Nate totally gave me my space but was nearby on-call for any questions or concerns.  Nate was so respectful. He helped with luggage and there was a chilled bottle of wine awaiting us!  The apartment is gorgeous.  Immaculately clean and nicer than the pictures show.  Apartments in Manhattan can be brutally noisy and this apartment was so quiet so had a great nights sleep every night.     The bed was comfortable and the sheets soft and silky.     The neighborhood is fantastic with tons of restaurants cafes and bars to have any kind of food or drink you desire.     I have used air bnb to stay in Manhattan over the last two years on a consistent basis. This was the best apartment i have stayed in.  Great price and value for what you are getting.  Nates place is clean and quiet. The wifi works great. I had a very comfortable stay and enjoyed both the balcony and the roof deck. The neighborhood has lots of bars and restaurants and is much calmer than mid-town. It was a nice change from hotel living.     Nate is a great host. He provided me a list of recommended restaurants and a nice chilled bottle of wine.  Nate was great and his apartment is just as shown and very clean offering a view of the Empire state building and a rooftop deck as well as a little patio for enjoying coffee or a glass of wine.   Nate jumped through hoops to make my very last minute one evening stay workable with his schedule.   The neighborhood is very convenient to restaurants and bars and the path along the East river.   Great experience! Nate made a last minute booking possible with a genuine willingness to help make his place available at short notice after a previous AirBnB booking fell through at the last minute.  He was gracious in his welcome, offering me a tour of his building - and pointing out the neighborhood from his roof, and emailing me a list of recommended restaurants in his area.  He was always reachable by phone if needed and responded promptly.  His place is extremely clean and comfortable, with a lovely view from the window of the top of the Empire State Building.  His apartment is in the heart of the East Village (and has elevator access). You will be in good hands when you stay at Nates abode. Nate accommodated our change in arrival time, spent considerable time explaining where everything was in the apartment and how to use the equipment. Plus he provided us with extensive local information. He made it clear that nothing was too much trouble for him. The apartment is beautifully appointed, well located for Manhattan exploring and spotlessly clean. Linen, crockery,cutlery, glassware, dish washing sponge and liquid, shampoo, conditioner, hand wash etc all provided. Far better than a hotel! We could not have asked for more from Nate or the apartment!  A perfect week that has given us wonderful memories. And a yearnIng to return. Nate er en ualmindelig venlig og hjæpsom vært. Alle aftaler blev overholdt til punkt og prikke. Hans anvisninger, af hvordan man kom til adressen, var præcise og fyldestgørende. Dette gjaldt også hans gennemgang af lejligheden og ejendommens øvrige faciliteter. Desuden var han fantastisk vidende om restauranter og cafeer i området. Vi blev forsynet med adskillige anbefalinger, og dem vi fulgte, var fremragende.  Lejligheden var lækker og skinnende ren. Udsigten fra vinduet og den hyggelige altan til Empire State Building var imponerende. Et yderligere fantastisk aktiv var ejendommens tagteresse med 360 graders panorama-udsigt over New Yorks skyline.  Kvarteret var virkelig hyggeligt med masser af pitoreske ejendomme samt  et overflødighedshorn af fremragende restauranter og barer. We arrived early Saturday morning while Nate was traveling. He made arrangements with us to get access to his apartment. Worked out great. Apartment was clean and comfortable. Excellent location in East Village. Explored the Village, Union Square and Greenwich Village. We had a great time and Nates place was an excellent base to work from.  Nate is a great host, really kind and polite, always attentive and answering immediately to any question you may have.  His flat is wonderful, spotless and the location couldnt be better. You can see the Empire State Building from its bed, it is amazing falling sleep looking at it.  It has an amazing rooftop, with fantastic views and its very nice to be there, there are deck chairs and all to enjoy a bottle of wine (like the one Nate was so nice to welcome us with) in good company.  It is definitely an incerdible house and very comfy, clean and silent, it has everything. Without a doubt, when I go back to NYC Ill be staying there if its available.  Thank you Nate!  :) Nates was a great place. Very spacious, clean and modern. 3 of us stayed at the apartment, one of us staying on the sofa bed, which is huge and quite comfortable. The apartment is hidden from the noise of Ave A yet conveniently located 5 min away from the train stop. Nate was very attentive, accommodative, and made sure our stay was very pleasant.  Nate was very quick to respond to my request and sorting out keys was very smooth. The apartment is amazing, very clean, quiet and a really comfortable bed.  Unfortunately the heating wasnt working for my stay but a portable heater was provided after the first few days. Nate was always responsive and easy to reach.  Its easy to get to places and a lovely area, plus you can see the Empire State Building from the window and its incredible.  Nate a été un hôte très accueillant, à la fois discret mais disponible si nous avions eu un soucis lors de notre séjour.  Lappartement est vraiment très propre, très bien équipé, confortable et au calme.  Son emplacement sur Manhattan (East Village) est parfait pour découvrir la vie New Yorkaise, à deux pas de toutes les commodités et transports pour rejoindre tous les autres quartiers.  Tout est conforme aux photos présentes sur Airbnb.  Ce séjour a New-York a été extraordinaire et pouvoir loger dans cette appartement a participé à lexpérience positive!!!  Mention spéciale pour le rooftop offrant une vue imprenable sur la skyline, au balcon loin du bruit de la rue et à la vue sur lEmpire State Building illuminé depuis le lit :)  A toutes fins utiles, ma compagne est en fauteuil roulant électrique (ce dernier fait 140kg) et nous navons eu aucun soucis : ascenseur sur-dimensionné, aucune marche pour aller dans lappartement et portes suffisament larges. Seulement une petite marche pour accéder au rooftop mais nous navons même pas eu besoin de rampe pour la franchir.  Je recommande sans réserve! This was our second time staying at Nates place. The apartment is clean, bright, uncluttered, quiet, and comfortable. Nate is always responsive and friendly. We will definitely return :) We loved staying in Nates studio! We are a couple and stayed in Nates flat for 9 days. The flat was exactly has pictured and described, super clean, with all the amenities we needed.     I especially appreciated the super nice hair dryer and the TONS of closet and drawer space provided. Often when you stay at someones home, there isnt thought put into providing places to unpack and put your things, even clear surface area to put down your toiletry/makeup bag or a laptop while charging is often missing. Not at Nates! I really appreciated the drawers, closets, and counter space, which made us feel welcomed and at home for our long stay.    Thanks, Nate, for the great suggestions and for being so accommodating!   We really enjoyed staying with Nate so much!  He was an amazing host -- generous, welcoming, and helpful.  Arrival and check-in?  Smooth. He even left a couple of neighborhood recommendations. He checked in once during the visit and was super responsive when I had a question.      Nates apartment is lovely.  For all you modern architecture types out there -- comfy, welcoming, clean lines, stainless steel appliances, beautifully kept and spacious due to the design.  The Empire State view and balcony were perfect -- it was one of those ""yes, I am in NYC"" feelings.  Lots of light and in-building laundry was really helpful and convenient.  The location is great: fabulous restaurants, good coffee, and good subway.    Its a wonderful place to stay, and Nate is a great host!       Very accurate description of the apartment. Spacious for NYC standards. Near evrything.   Nate was a great host! The apartment was very clean and cozy. Just as described. It is in a great location and a very safe neighborhood. I worked long hours and found myself going out at night for dinner. Never had an issue on my walks. Nate provided great recommendations and was always easily accessible. Let me put this in perspective .. First time users of Airbnb ..although frequent travellers.. Had not been back to New York in 20 years.. and had not stayed in East Village.. From day 1 Nates responses and patience was clear and accurate and supportive .. all questions answered and a very clear description on arrival and constant contact made the check in seamless and above all after 20 hours flying painless.  The apartment is exactly as depicted and was well worth the money as opposed to a hotel room..   Great neighborhood.. 5 mins to subway.. great restaurants only minutes walk..  Put simply a perfect venue and location and host.. Would highly recommend to anyone..       Nates flat is essentially brand new -- spotlessly clean with all new furniture and fixtures.  The balcony with a view of the Empire State Bldg is so cool!  The location cant be beat, with a short walk to a subway connection to everywhere in Manhattan.  Its located in a great neighborhood, in which we felt very safe wandering around.  We had an awesome experience -- we highly recommend Nates East Village apartment. This was our first Arbnb experience and Nate and his apartment really made it a wonderful one.  He was helpful and responsive every step of the way, even providing a comprehensive list of suggestions for restaurants, music clubs and groceries.      The apartment was as advertised, and was a fantastic location in the middle of the East Village, just where we wanted to be.  It was clean, the bed was very comfortable, and the wifi worked great.    And it was amazingly quiet, not something I would expect is the case for most NY apartments!  It also had a nice little balcony and a view of the Empire State Building from the balcony and also the bed.    Overall just a great experience, we highly recommend!!    Richard and Diana Nate has a great apartment in a great location.   Surprisingly quiet, with a comfortable bed and a great bathtub. Communication with Nate was always fast and efficient and he was kind and helpful with everything. Hope to be back. I had the pleasure of staying at Nates wonderful apartment for 10 days. The apartment is spotless, it has a nice kitchen thats got everything you might need, theres a large bathroom with good water pressure, fast internet, theres tons of closet and drawer space, so I didnt have to live out of a suitcase, and it has a lovely little balcony that overlooks a courtyard which makes it really peaceful. AND its an elevator building.  GREAT location - a short walk from the L train, and close to the F too.  I found it really easy to walk most places from the apartment - LES, union sq. and gramercy, chelsea, even the west village etc. The neighbourhood is the kind of neighbourhood you want to walk around in because you discover something new on every block -  beautiful community gardens, great vintage stores, small boutiques, and theres so much deliciousness everywhere! Theres a commodities (organic grocery store) near by, great bagels, lots of bodegas and really fabulous restaurants. Nate was a great host, checked in with me before I arrived and before I left, he was present without being intrusive at all, and he responded  to all of my inquiries with patience, care and in a timely manner. Thanks for everything Nate! Good communication with host. Pictures reflect what apt. looks like, very neat and clean. This was our third time staying at Nates apartment. His place is clean, bright, uncluttered, quiet, and comfortable. Nate continues to be extremely responsive and friendly. We look forward to staying there again :)   Thanks Nate - had a great stay and you were so helpful on the odd occasion that I needed you!    Cheers,    Mark Nate was really welcoming and even went out of his way to deliver me the keys to the apartment at short notice. Located in an a great part of East Village, the apartment is close enough to all the buzz of the bars and restaurants and yet quiet and peaceful once youre inside - there is also an amazing view from the balcony of the Empire State building which you can also see when lying in bed.   The apartment was clean and tidy with plenty of room for me to unpack and settle in, with Nate also providing a detailed welcome pack so I felt immediately at home.   Would 100% return and recommend to anyone visiting NYC!   x Hello, We had a very good stay at Natans apartment .The description  is real,it is clean and has a lot of light. Natan is very helpful and responds quickly when you call him. We had some complications with the TV because we werent familiar with Apple TV . The neighborhood is cool and the subway L is a few blocks away.  I would recommend this apartment in New York Spent a (Email hidden by Airbnb) munication and check-in was a breeze. Apartment was spotless and is exactly as it appears in the photos, perhaps even better and more spacious in reality. Felt newly renovated, all the fixtures and furnishings top of the line. Bed and chaise extremely comfortable. Location excellent, right in the heart of the East Village, great restaurants all around. Highly recommended! Nice apartment  in a very nice neighbourhood. Nate was always available  for any questions  I had. Will definitely  stay there again. Superb apartment, just as Nate described.  Wonderful clean and warm and such a fantastic location.  I could not be happier .  Nate is an amazing host .      Thanks Nates apartment is in a really fun but safe-feeling neighborhood - and his block, in particular, is super charming - across the street from a playground/park, with many great cafes and shops within a block. There is a sweet little patio/deck with a table and two chairs where we sat outside and had a glass of wine overlooking the New York rooftops/skyline. The building itself is simple/basic, it feels very safe/secure and common areas are clean. Nates apartment is clean and minimal (zero chachkas), and he was very responsive, helpful and pleasant. Could not have asked for a better stay in NYC! Nates place is in the perfect location - on a quite street but in the heart of the East Village. Nate checked me in personally and handed me the keys and explained the basics. He was always available on the phone/text if I had any questions. His place has plenty of space, a great kitchen and was really clean and uncluttered. I stayed for ~3 weeks on a work trip and would happily stay again in future. Thanks Nate!   Nates flat is a perfect place for a few days in manhatten. The flat and the house is very clean. Kitchen and bath are both modern and very clean, too. The neighbourhood is very nice with lots of restaurants and bars. We loved the amazing view from the bedroom. Nate is a perfect host. The flat was easy to find and we had no problems to check in. Thank you, nate! Everything was perfect at Nates place.  Excellent location, ready for for us at check-in (which has been a rarity lately) and was exactly as advertised.  The neighbourhood was lively and fun, but quiet enough to get some sleep at night, with excellent coffee, food, pints and wine within a very short walking distance.  Would absolutely recommend this place and look forward to booking it again next year.  Nates place was lovely. There was a lot of space in the apartment and we had everything we needed to feel at home. The bed was very comfortable as well. I would definitely stay here again. The combination of Nates wonderful fresh apartment and fantastic hosting skills afforded us a perfect stay in NY.     We appreciated...... the quiet, secure location within an area of abundant restaurants and bars; the incredible view from the bed of the Empire State Building; the absolute cleanliness and thoughtful equipping of the apartment; and Nates care, consideration and comfortable welcome. Overall... faultless! Wed definitely stay again and dont hesitate to recommend this listing to others! Nates place is a great place to stay in New York. The area is really cool - lots of nice restaurants and bars, and very easy walk to the nearest subway.  The apartment itself is very nice indeed. Had everything I needed in it. Very nice view of the Empire State Building, and a nice looking balcony (although sadly it was way too cold to sit outside!). The apartment is also very quiet, which is really nice.  Would definitely recommend to anyone looking to stay in a great place in a really fun part of town. The apartment is great. Everything was clean and its very comfortable. The location is great, with lots of restaurants around and easy access to transportation. Great place! Perfect location that is really close to a ton of great landmarks.  Great place. Enjoy my stay thoroughly. The unit had everything I need and Nate had amazing communication. Would reccomend.  Nates apartment is a great place to stay  if you are visiting NY.  Location was key for my husband and I and our two sons.  Our sons slept on the sleeper couch  which had an extra topper matteress for comfort. Worked out great.  There are plenty of restaurants in the safe neighborhood and easy to get around either by foot or subway.  The apartment is very clean and has all the necessities. The pictures are very representative of the apartment.  We enjoyed the rooftop at night with the incredible view.  Nate was very easy to communicate with and we enjoyed staying here.  We would happily stay here next time in NYC.    This studio apartment is wonderful - very, very clean and well appointed.Great cafes, restaurants and shopping opportunities are within an easy walk. I would thoroughly recommend this apartment and Nate. Great apartment in good location close to cafes, restaurants and transport.  Apartment was clean, comfortable and well appointed.  Communication was good during our stay with Nate ensuring that we had arrived at the apartment ok and that we were comfortable and had everything we needed.  We enjoyed our stay at Nates apartment and would stay here again. Nates place in the East Village is perfect. We stayed 5 days and for us home. The location is ideal, super convenient, easy to walk anywhere you want to go. Great restaurants, coffee, shops etc. The apartment is clean, bright and well appointed. Hardwood floors, tiled kitchen with everything you need to cook and hang (but why would you when you are steps away from anything you could ever want to eat on the street?), the bathroom is a good size, clean bright and updated. Bonus: elevator to the 6th floor-Ive stayed in 5-6 story walk-ups and with luggage etc this was a joy. There is a little balcony to see the sights from and an amazing rooftop you can watch the sunset over the city. Its a gem of a place and I am grateful to have had such a great place to call home my week in NYC.  Nates apartment is the perfect accommodation for a trip to NYC. Great location in the beautiful East Village which has everything you need and more. Nate is a great host and has organized everything perfectly. The check-in was super easy and the apartment perfectly clean. We especially enjoyed the evenings on the balcony with a great view to the Empire State Building. The Subway is within five minutes walking distance. There are also restaurants and shops nearby. Perfect! We would be very happy to come back. Perfekt lägenhet...... Rent o fint.... Quiet location, clean apartment.  Excellent restaurants nearby, including Hearth, Tompkins Square bagels and Patisserie Florentine.  Enjoyed Ciao Now for breakfast and Baba Ji for an unusual Indian dinner.  Very pleasant stay.  Close to the L metro.  You transfer to another metro line to go uptown. This is what I would consider a ""perfect"" airbnb. Nate gave so much attention to detail, everything u would possibly need is provided from toiletries to kitchen amenities. The place is impeccably clean, the bed is super comfy, the balcony super cute and refreshing. Very updated and modern, and has a lift which made it so easy for us with a baby. We will definitely be staying again! Nate is a wonderful host!  Nate is great..... perfect location, nice balcony, very clean, Nate was responsive and helpful. I recommand it. Hola a todos , el Estudio de Nate es lo mas , el barrio nos encanto! . Después de haber recorrido diferentes zonas de Manhattan seguimos eligiendo East Village y el depto. de Nate. Este está muy bien ubicad (Website hidden by Airbnb) cuadras se encuera el subte que te lleva en 15 minutos del central parca . Altamente recomendable alojarse en este místico , histórico y rockero barrio de Manhattan . We thoroughly enjoyed Nates apartment.  Excellent location in Alphabet City, sparkling clean, comfy bed, great kitchen, quiet building, lots of closet and dresser space, great view.  Enjoyed  the neighborhood restaurants and bars.  Also very convenient to explore elsewhere, via subway only a 6 minute walk away or by just walking the streets and enjoying the ambiance of Manhattan.  A true gem indeed!"	1
700	Ralph had a very nice place. It was right in the heart of Harlem and next to a bunch of public transportation. He was always accessible, and good host. I recommend his place to anyone The place was very comfortable  Nous avons passé un super séjour à New York en partie grâce à Ralph! Il a été très chaleureux, serviable, disponible et flexible sur nos heures darrivée et de départ. Son appartement, bien situé dans Harlem (le métro est au bout de la rue) est très sympa. Il est propre, bien fourni en accessoires de cuisine notamment, et a même un sèche cheveux et un fer à repasser (Nickel pour repasser sa chemise avant daller à léglise voir du gospel le dimanche matin). Iappartement nest pas très grand mais il est très fonctionnel et la chambre séparée était suffisament spacieuse pour y mettre le lit dappoint de notre bébé et possède aussi une penderie. Il est à noter que lappartement est au 4ème étage sans ascenseur mais cela ne nous a pas posé de problème et ce même avec une poussette! Bref Ralph est un super hôte, son appart est top et nous nhésiterons pas à retourner chez lui si toutefois lappartement est encore disponible! Ralph was very helpful and the communication was super! The apartment is pretty good ... very close to public transport and shops, fast restaurants! The apartment was clean, comfortable. I can recommend it to everyone! Great host!  He offered to pay for my transportation from the airport to the apartment as a wedding anniversary gift, that was really nice from Ralph!!  There are a lot of restaurants close to the apartment, the subway is closed from the  apartment... Thank you Ralph for everything...  my husband and I have a lot of good experience in New York thank you !! Ralphs apartment is very nice. Public transportation is just around the corner and you are in 10-15 (Email hidden by Airbnb) munication was good, Ralph was a great host! Ralphs place was perfect! Awesome Harlem location, just 2 blocks to the subway where I was in midtown Manhattan in about 20 minutes! Plenty of places to eat and walking distance to the Apollo, where I caught a great amateur night on wed! Great Harlem energy! Loved it!!! Ralph was sooo responsive and sweet! He even had snacks and water and even wine in the fridge for me! He always responded right away and was there to greet me, and even sent me a happy mothers day message! Couldnt have asked for a better host!!! Thank you! I loved staying here! Ralph is a great host and was wonderfully communicative. The apartment is well-furnished and in a really convenient location; the nearby subway stops meant that I got where I needed to be with zero hassle.  Ralph was helpful and accommodating with the key handover and check-in, and once I was checked in, I had everything I needed.   The only downside to the property is that its a fifth floor walk-up, but I myself wasnt too bothered by it, especially with the two AC units in the apartment.  Id recommend this property for both a short or long stay; its the kind of place you can settle into very quickly and feel right at home in the city! Thank you, Ralph!   Ideal location for our planned activities. Clean and cozy spot. Ralph did great with communicating with us.  Ralph appartment is the place to be in Harlem very close to the famous 125th i really recommand this place  The apartement was really nice and clean. The location is great, really close to the subway, restaurants and cafe. Ralph is a really nice person and always made sure that we felt confortable, it is really easy to communicate with him. I would definitely recommand this place for anyone who wants to stay in NYC and experience the life in Harlem.  Ralph was a excellent host! I would stay here again. Thank you! Little apartment in the heart of Harlem, one minute walk from the red line metro station. Very kind at the check-in and during all the days spent there, the apartment is little but theres everything we needed. Very clean and comfortable, Ill come back! Ralph is a very helpful host,  unfortunately we havent met him but the Communication worked out perfectly, the apartment was clean, we had Everything we needed, Close to two subways, very good pizza shop just around the Corner. Très bon séjour chez Ralph! Lappartement est conforme à la description. Ralph est très réactif et arrangeant. Lappartement na pas de salon à proprement parler, donc pas de chaises ni de tables, ce qui nest pas gênant en soi, mais il faut être au courant ! Pour ce qui est de lemplacement lappartement est très bien placé,  à deux pas de larrêt 135th street (métro 2-3) et du bar The Shrine.  Dernier étage donc pas de bruits de voisins et beaucoup de lumière ! Lappartement était propre et tous les équipements fonctionnaient. Le seul bémol reste le lit, apparemment endommagé par de précédents locataires, et dont les lattes ne tiennent pas en place. Ralph was very reachable, the neighbourhood was quiet and convenient and close to a subway and bus stops. Great place great host easy access to subway very nice place all in all The place is so cute! The pictures do not do it justice. Ralph, is friendly but gives you space to do your thing. Ralph a été très accueillant et réactif à nos messages. Il a été très arrangeant pour les horaires darrivée et de départ ! Lappartement est petit et minimaliste mais lessentiel y est. De plus, la localisation à 2 pas du métro est idéale pour se déplacer. Petit bémol, linsonorisation vis-à-vis de la rue est assez mauvaise, mais avec la fatigue cela ne nous a pas vraiment dérangés. Aucune crainte au niveau de la sûreté du quartier, assez paisible. Highly recommend Ralph as host! Quick responder & so nice. The place is exactly like it’s shown. Clean! Empezando con Ralph... es genial! El primer dia nos espero hasta tarde, luego nos vino a buscar al vestibulo para ayudarnos a subir las maletas. Nos enseño el apartamento y nos dio recomendaciones de sitios.  El apartamento esta bien. Habitacion grande, comerdor cocina baño mas bien pequeño pero en realidad no hacer mucha vida en el apartamento porque estas fuera visitando y solo vienes a dormir. Asi que todo muy comodo.   Tema localizacion...increible, el metro muy comodo, a tres minutos de la estacion y personalmente Harlem me gusto mucho. Recomendamos sin duda un restaurante/hamburgueseria que hay a 1 minuto del piso que se llama JIMBOS HAMBURGUER. Hambuesas grandes, muy muy buenas, y muy bien de precio, y ademas con buen trato.   En general, es un buen lugar para quedarse si tienes pensado venir a Nueva York.  Buen viaje! The host canceled this reservation 58 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. We stayed as family for almost two months in this house. The house is really in a central place, very close to public transportations and local shops and restaurants. Ralph was really a great host. He made us feel at home. The house was well equipped and warm enough during the cold winter. The building was quiet and the neighbourhood safe. I definitely recommend the house.	1
701	John was a great host,understanding and helpful.His place is perfect. Great location clean and quiet. Great location and clean apartment. Well equipped kitchen for cooking at home. John was very nice and helpful – he even showed us around in the neighbourhood before leaving. Very good accommodation for a low price! The location is great! Apartment is clean with comfy bed and good water pressure in the shower. Its in a quiet neighborhood with a subway station just around the corner. We will definitely come back - good value for money! What a fabulous location and John was great!! Very prompt in his replies and gave good advice about travel links. The apartment was clean and very quiet considering its central location. There were shops close by and a 2 minute walk to the subway. Would definitely recommend!! Lovely!  John is great, the place is neat and comfortable, the location is very convenient - I felt like a local for a week.  I would definitely stay here again. A perfect base for a perfect vacation. It couldnt have been any better - location nor the appartment itself. Clean, quiet and comfy. We are mos def going back! We had a great first trip to NYC and Johns hosting and the fantastic apartment he rented us definitely contributed a lot to the trip being as good as it has been.    John was an extremely approachable and helpful host throughout the experience and accommodated his plans to our very odd travel schedule (we got in to NYC at 11pm and left on a 4am flight).     Superb location for all meals (Chelsea Markets dope by the way, and theres really good authentic Italian about one block up), shopping, and/or grabbing a quick drink.    Will definitely be heading back to Johns on Horatio on our next trip to NYC. awesome pad:   i dont actually want to write the great review i have in my head, cuz i dont want the apartment to get all popular and overcrowded and then it wont be available for EVERY time ill be staying there AGAIN...   An apartment very well located which allows to visit New York in ideal conditions, a subway nearby, great bars and restaurants nearby. John is also very available. Truly a great experience. Wow.  I lived in NYC for several years and would recommend this place to anyone!  The location is superb, the apartment charming and very clean, and John was a pleasure to deal with.  On my next NYC visit, I will make sure to arrange my travel dates to coincide with the availability of this amazing crib! We had a great couple of days in New York and Johns apartment had a lot to do with it. He was a delight to deal with: replying to our emails, giving us directions around the neighbourhood, and making it easy to get (and leave) the keys. The apartment is quiet, clean and in a great location. And along with a fantastic book collection and stylish furniture, the AC was an added bonus since it was over 90 when we were visiting. One of Airbnbs best kept secrets!!!   This place is so perfectly located,couldnt of asked for a better location, close to everything,the subway,all the restuarants and shopping.  The unit was very comfortable with a very comfortable bed, great water presure in the shower, and John was the perfect host, gave all the information that I needed about the area befor he left.  Thanks John, defenitaly will be back mate.    James. John is a great host.  The apartment is in a prime location in the picturesque West Village on the edge of the slick meatpacking district.  Subways to everywhere nearby and the Hudson River is blocks away for runners and walkers.  Truth is if you dont mind the walk up you cant beat this place.  And the walk up will keep you in good shape.    The location, the apartment, and the host are all fabulous. John responds to emails quickly and is very friendly and helpful. I loved the location, wandered the neighborhoods in all directions, the subway is very close and convenient, and it was quiet for sleeping at night. I loved the decor of the space itself, vintage flower paintings and wood furniture, the raised bed next to the window where you can gaze at the city lights at night. The best thing was feeling like a local for a week. I highly recommend this place! Very nice apartment in an unbeatable situation in New York (west village). Friendly neighbors and tons of restaurants/shops around.  John is a good host. We had some problems (which had nothing to do with him) and he did everything on his hand to solve them.  Id recommend the apartment to any couple or single person who wants to visit manhattan. Its got also a big table, which is perfect for writing (my job!).   John was very nice and very helpful. He left several phone numbers so that we could find him for any question and at any time. The apartment is in one of my favorite neighborhoods in NYC. The bathroom is not the best because the shower doesnt meet my standards of hygiene but the apartment is bright, with a good bed, kitchen and a perfect location.    John es una persona encantadora y muy servicial. Nos dejo varios números de teléfono para que en todo momento pudiéramos lozalizarle para cualquier consulta. El apartamento está en uno de los barrios que más me gusta de NYC. El cuarto de baño no es lo mejor ya que la ducha no cumple mis estándares de higiene pero el apartamento tiene mucha luz, una buena cama, cocina y una localización perfecta.     John is really a nice host. Hes fun and even speaks portuguese!    Perfect location, near the High Line Park, subway, restaurants and shops. We had a great time at Johns place. The view from the bed is great. Everyday I woke up and spent a little time watching the children playing at the park in front of the apartment.    If we come back to NY, we would definitely stay at Horatio again. A lovely apartment in a phenomenal location. John, who is a passionate, creative and incredibly helpful person ensured that my stay was comfortable and stress-free.    I recommend this apartment without hesitation. Hemos pasado una semana muy agradable en el apartamento de John! La cama era muy cómoday está muy bien situado, a tan solo unos metros de la estación del metro y a 2 paradas de Times Square.  No tuvimos el placer de conocer a John en persona pero el trato por mail y por teléfono fue inmejorable, muy agradable y dispuesto a ayudar en cualquier cosa.  Nos dejó las llaves en una tiendecita cerca del apartamento y sin problemas.  Esperamos poder volver pronto!  Gracias por todo Jhon! Johns profile is very accurate, he is certainly a mellow person. We loved to stay at his place, which will only be even cooler when the playground outside is finished. I do not hesitate to recommend this place very highly. AMAZING location!  The subway is so close, and there are connections to many lines.  The street is surprisingly quiet even though there are lots of great restaurants and shops nearby.  John was very helpful.  We had the BEST time! We had amazing time at Johns appartment. The location is the best to get to any part of Manhattan (and the whole NY). The apartment is very clean and cozy, and even little funny. John was very helpful in any kind of quiestions. Thank you, John. The apartment was brilliant and John was fantastic to deal with. Friendly, honest and gave us great recommendations for obscure but incredibly delicious restaurants.  Perfect area to be in if youre visiting New york – close to markets, galleries, subway and restaurants. Cant recommend this place enough. Made our trip.   John was very welcoming and relaxed. The apartment was a great base for our New York holiday. Very close to L train station at 14th which helped alot when it started snowing. between West Village and Meatpacking district, there are heaps of great restaurants and bars nearby.   There was a couple of hitches with the apartment (wifi and building issues) which John did everything he could to sort out.   Would recommend this cute, functional, well positioned studio.  The host canceled my reservation 21 days before arrival. The place was in a very good position. I really liked the furniture in the apartment. John is really nice and helpful. Well come here next time well be in NYC! Reccomended. A trip to New York is always a great - no matter what. But when staying in an apt as super swell as Johns, its a life changing experience.    Its located perfectly in the meat packing district, a short walk from everything you will ever need. You can walk from the apt and straight into the very heart of Manhattan (think 5. avenue shopping district) within 15 minutes. There are lots of very nice restaurants and bars everywhere you walk in the neighborhood. The subways is just around the corner, not more than a five minute walk.     The apt it self is very nice and clean as well. Perfect for a short and long term stay. We stayed for ten days, and it was all rosy.     John was the perfect host and was very helpful in every thinkable way. He answered all our texts and e-mails promptly and was just great and friendly guy.     The next time we visit NYC, we will not accept staying anywhere else than at Johns place. A true gem. Its obviously a guys apartment. But it has the top 3 essencial things: PERFECT location, relaxing shower and confortable bed. As a bonus, John is super kind and friendly, aswered every single question we had and helped us a lot. Thank you very much, John! Hope to see you again soon. : )  John is a wonderful host with great communication and was gracious in accommodating our special request.  Excellent location, warm and cozy, comfy bed, hot shower, quiet building overlooking a playground.   We enjoyed staying at the West village. The apartment is located in an amazing area and its really close to a subway, restaurants, Bleecker street, shopping, etc. John was great to communicate with. He was overseas and always replied to our emails on time. We would definitely stay at his place again!. The location of Johns apartment is the best one to knowing New York. It stays in a very cool neighborhood. Its near of a subway station, but you can go to a lot of amazing places by foot from there. The apartment is very comfortable and it has an excellent view from de bed to a little park in front of. I was there in the winter, and the heating system worked very well. John is a very interesting guy and could help us in every little problem. Besides that, he can speak spanish and some portuguese, whats may be very helpful if the guest is not so fluent english language (like me). Id loved that place and Ill recomend, certainly. We loved our stay at Johns apartment. The place is small but really comfortable, we felt at home from the first day. The high bed is so cool to look out through the window at night while lying! And the location couldnt be better.  John was very nice, easy to reach and helped us with all our questions. We have already recommended the apartment to some friends who will be visiting NYC soon. We had a wonderful time staying in NYC and at Johns studio - truly a gem, perfect location and surprisingly quiet (we slept with the windows open!). Nice to have an italian style espresso cooker, too. John is a great host, very sweet and caring, interesting and replied super fast to any questions. Overall a great experience! The best location ever between Meatpacking and West Village. Bed and shower are good. Dont expect too much of the rest, but who needs that when youre in New York. John is a really wonderful host. Polite and easygoing all the time.  The apartment is exactly what he says: adorable. It is very comfortable with a  home feeling. The street is beautiful and there is a park just in front. The neighborhood is the best of NY for me, with streets full of trees, small buildings and good restaurants. Next time I go to NY I will call him!  Thanks John! Johns place is exactly as he says. Its a fabulous little bohemian hideaway seconds from Meatpacking and all the treasures of the West Village. Its small and simple, but a perfect way to enjoy this part of the city. John was a great host, despite being away when we visited. Can highly recommend a stay at Johns on Horatio! We really appreciated the location and good communication with the host. Would stay here again.  really nice place in a very good position in a quiet area, but very trendy with loads of nice restaurants. John is a great host and always available in case of need. John was a perfect host, easy to communicate with and quick to respond to emails. The studio has everything you need if you choose to cook their own food, as happened occasionally during our two week stay. Comfortable bed and functional bathroom and shower. The apartment was bright, we liked that it was high up in the house and had a nice view. The area is superb, perhaps the coziest in Manhattan. Nice and well-located place, we spent an awesome stay. You can reach in 5 min the high line or the subway.  The bathroom is quite old-fashioned but clean.  We enjoyed the raised bed : we keep in mind!    Thank you John for your kindness and your warm welcome  Excelente estadia en el departamento de John. El departamento es pequenio pero muy confortable y muy bien ubicado. El mejor barrio para vivir en NY. El edificio es muy tranquilo y la calle tambien a pesar de que a unas cuadras esta lleno de restaurantes lindisimos y el Chelsea Market, lugar imperdible.  A unas cuadras hay varias estaciones de subtes con las lineas para conectarse a cualquier lugar de la ciudad.  John y Cord fueron muy cordiales y solicitos. John  todo el tiempo me contesto en espanol haciendome las cosas mas faciles.  Recomiendo muchisimo el departamento  y espero volver pronto. Gracias John. Johns place was in a convenient location and definately felt like home! It was clean and tidy, and a pleasure to stay in.  John was always very helpful and easy to communicate with! Would definately stay there again when I return to New York city!  Thanks heaps!!!!! This was my first experience of Airbnb.  So I was very apprehensive!  However, John was a fantistic host and very communicative throughout.    I travelled to NYC for the new york marathon which unfortunately had to be cancelled due to the after effects of hurricane sandy.  John kept me unformed prior to my arrival of the situation in the city e.g. the electric and heating problems.  I arrived in manhatten with most of downtown in a blackout.  However, John arranged for his friend (Cord) to meet me at the apartment to hand over keys and show me round the place (by candlelight!).    After 2 days the electric and heating were restored which was a relief.  Although it was kinda fun to live by candlelight without TV for a while. :)  Johns apartment is exactly as seen in the photos and felt like authentic new york living! The futon was very comfy and a great design which I might copy! Ive stayed in manhatten a few times and i think this was by far the most quiet place ive slept.  Its ideally located with restaurants, bars, shops and the underground close by.  I pretty much walked everywhere from battery park up to central park which was a great way to explore.  Its about an hours walk to central park but if youre not as active theres 14st underground just round the corner and plenty of taxis around.    Overall, I had a great stay and would definately recommend Johns apartment.  Ill be using Airbnb again based on this experience. John was a great host and very accommodating. The apartment is in a great area, close to everything you could want from NY. Shower was great and the apartment was warm to come in to from the cold. A great place to stay. Everything about my experience at Johns place was great!  The apartment is wonderful, especially the natural light, open view and location.  John is extremely friendly and attentive before, during, and after your stay at his apartment.  I enthusiastically recommend his place on Horatio, and I look forward to re-booking it again very soon. It is our first experience with airbnb. And we are very glad that it began so well! We were met by Kenneth, it was very kind and waited for us despite that that we couldnt call in advance to it because of problems with communication. The apartment very much was pleasant to us, in it you feel comfortably, not as in the apartment which often lease. As it has a convenient arrangement, near the subway and shops. Golden mean between the Areas of Soho, Italian, Chinese and a time the square. Lets be always glad to return to John. Had the most wonderful time staying at Johns apartment. The location is PERFECT to see the city. It is central to Greenwich Village, the Meatpacking District & Chelsea and even though so close to these busy areas, it is so peaceful!    The apartment itself is full of character feels so authentically New York; great comfortable bed, desk/working space & a great bathroom (brilliant shower pressure - this is important to me!). The building is great, secure and well kept.     John was excellent to deal with; replying swiftly and extremely helpful with my stay - I cant recommend staying here more! Super appart. Exactement comme la description. Quartier génial. Très simple de communiquer avec John et très arrangeant.   Je recommande vivement !!    Great studio, like the description. The neighborhood is very nice. It was very simple to communicate with John, and very accomodating.   I totally recommande this place +++  Nice and cozy room.  John was kind and helpful.  Great location!!!  It was a great pleasure to be here.    Thank you John! We had the most wonderful week staying at Johns cosy apartment. It is in a perfect location to the West Village and Meatpacking areas, giving you a great taste of New York. John was a very kind and helpful host - nothing seemed to be a problem. We would definitely recommend staying with John. The flat is very nice and clean and John is extremely kind and helpful... The Meatpacking District is great and we enjoyed the holiday. Thanks John for all! Hope to come back! we had a wonderful time at the apartment. the location is fantastic, everything you need and more is just around the corner. we could have spent the whole time exploring just the streets near us, and eating all the delicious food! the subway is very close by, an easy walk.  the apartment is exactly as John explains, and as you see in the photos. it is small, probably only good for a couple, but still very comfortable. the kitchen has all the basics. the bathroom is a little old, but functional.  the bed is fine, and has a great view of the street below. the apartment is also very quiet!  the whole place could have been a little cleaner, but this was not a worry. overall we had a great time, and would recommend it. loved this place.. location amazing! The apartment was the perfect size for 2 people and had everything we needed - fridge, microwave, wifi and air conditioning. Its just down the road from the subway and close to plenty of restaurants and bars.  John was easy to get in contact with and would reply to emails quickly. Highly recommended! No regrets ! John is an amazing host, friendly and available. Exclusive area in the heart of New Yorks life. Nice apartment. I would recommend it for sure ! We had a fantastic stay at Johns apartment. The apartment itself is small but comes well equipped (the kitchen is well appointed and has everything you need to either prepare full meals or just store and reheat leftovers) is exceptionally cozy and has a ton of character. In spite of being just a stones throw away from the meatpacking district, 14th St, and 8th Ave, the apartment is quiet and peaceful - a great place to listen to sounds of the city without being overwhelmed by them. John was a very accommodating and helpful host. He was quick to answer questions, flexible with check-in and out, and provided helpful advice about the neighborhood. Thanks very much John - we hope to be back soon! Un très chouette appartement très clair et surtout super bien placé ! Le quartier est top , tout proche de la high line et de chelsea market et de bleecker street ! John a été très gentil. Je recommande ! John is a delightful and helpful host who was courteous throughout the entire process. The location of his apartment is beyond reproach with the subway, great restaurants and the river really close by. Highly recommended.  It was a great trip to New York and the apartment was a part of it. The apartment and the neighboorhood was good. Everything you need is very close and you can reach every point in New York very quick.  The apartment is comfortable and in a small street. John is a nice guy and helps to organize an easy and pleasant stay. PROS: La comunicacion con John fue excelente y su predisposicion tambien. La llegada y la partida fueron muy buenas. La ubicacion del departamento es excelente, muy conveniente, en zona con varios recursos alrededor y muy cerca del subterraneo. La cama es muy comoda. La cocina esta equipada. Internet funciono siempre bien. Excelente relacion precio calidad.  CONS: No es realmente una contra, pero si algo a saber, el departamento esta subiendo tres pisos por escaleras.  Suficientemente comodo para una o dos personas. Definitivamente me quedaria de nuevo si fuera a Manhattan The appartement is really nice located in one of best zone of The city and John is always available and kind.	1
702	Maria was nice and very welcoming but the room did not look at all as in this picture. The apartment was clean and the neighborhood was safe. Maria was cool, and it was easy to check in. the room is cold!! luckily after partying all night, I didnt mind. nothing a space heater couldnt fix. my friend made mention of how clean everything was. convenient area.  nice walk to the park by the Hudson River. Everything was fine . It was little cold . Place is close to metro. I like this place. I want only hairdry for next time .   Its a nice stay with the affordable cost in NYC.  The worst Airbnb experience. We had to wait outside apartment building for an hour while it was raining. When I texted her for wifi, reply cameback after almost 12 hours. The apartment was cold. She did provided heater but the blanket was wet and smelly. We had to use bed sheets only. The apartment and the room smelled like cigarette very strongly.  Maria is great at communicating as far as check in and out, although she is not around much. She accommodated me when my meeting ran late and I checked out 2hrs after when I was supposed to leave.  I just did not like that the description was inaccurate or failed to mention other people stay in other rooms. I needed quiet because I stayed at this AirBnb after going to NY for exams and I kept getting interrupted by audible arguments or knocks on the door.  She is very good houseowner.	0
703	Alexs place was just as advertised! Its in a historic part of Brooklyn, and close enough to the nearest subway station which is very convenient for travellers  Alexs place is a gem on Air bnb  , its quite , clean , and in a very good neighborhood , where you can easily commute to explore the city with trains & buses , good restaurants , groceries and lots more to spend your time in the neighbor hood too .  The room is super clean and comfortable , everything is so neat & tidy , from towel to bed sheet .   Bathroom & kitchen are sparkling clean .   Alex is a great host , its absolutely highly recommended . FIVE STAR ***** Great place to stay! Really beautifully decorated and homey apartment. The room was nice and private and quite. Alex was really friendly and communicative. Chambre très propre, très confortable et cosy ! Le quartier est sympa et lappartement proche du métro. Nous navons pas trouvé les clés à lendroit indiqué mais heureusement la colocataire dAlexander était la pour nous ouvrir.  Le seul souci était peut être de partager la salle de bain avec parfois beaucoup de monde, ça demandait une certaine organisation mais nous avons apprécié notre séjour ! The host canceled this reservation 98 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Cozy room, decent location close to public transportation spots and walking distance to cool restaurants and bars.	1
704	"Cool place  It was a good and quiet, with all facilities thanks for this day in your house The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. The place is okay for the price. Three rooms on the second floor sharing only one bathroom.  Several people from the third floor coming to the second floor bathroom makes you consider waking up one hour earlier just to be sure you can get in time wherever you need to go. The first day we were received by Rafaella who is in charge for the premises, she charged us ""taxes"" and didnt even gave us a proper receipt, just a very small piece of paper with the amount what makes me think thats not a real government tax.  There were no hand towels at first but  the second day there was a hand towel in the bathroom that lasted 8 days without change for many people using it, fortunately I had read some other peoples reviews and brought my own towels.  When we entered the room there was a moist smell in the air due to the linens, what we did is just wrap up the pillows with our t-shirts and try to sleep well.  The neighborhood is quiet and had no trouble walking late at night from J subway station.  On the last day we checked out at 11 am and as we were travelling late that night, we asked Rafaella to keep our bags in there just to pick them up at 9 pm and she told us it was ok.  When we came back to pick up our bags at 8:44 pm she told us in a very bad manner that we were late and told us 15 minutes is nothing; then we went quick to the bathroom and left the building 8:55 pm but she was waiting by the door as we prepared out hurrying us in a very bad manner.  The conclusion is: if you are in a budget this is the place to stay but be aware of the things I have mentioned in the post. This is very similar to guest houses across the world. It has everything that is needed and is close to the metro. It provides a great budget place to sleep while exploring Le logement de Julio est correct et économique. Il est situé à proximité dune station de métro pour se rendre à manhatan en environ 30 min. La communication avec Julio ne fut pas facile. Une personne nous a gentiment attendus jusquà minuit. Cependant il Était incorrect de demander 25 dollars en espèces sans facture surtout quand on arrive tard dun vol dEurope. Enfin il serait bienvenu de donner des serviettes de toilettes. Lappartement est calme. La cuisine mériterait un peu plus dattention. Globalement un rapport qualité prix correct pour New York. Close to subway. Good for the price. Room a little bit small for 5 persons. Fridge and tv in the room. We had to pay NYC taxes not planned. Muy cerca del metro y de estación de bus, al igual que cerca de supermercado y lugares de comida, ambiente tranquilo y amigable. sin comentarios. This place lives up to every expectation! The room and the sheets were very clean. They have pretty good wifi, tv and cable. The landlord was very nice to us and we were able to go in and out as we wanted with no problems. I recommend you bring your own towel and wash cloth because its not provided. I really enjoyed my stay! 10 out of 1 Ubicación estratégica: a una cuadra existe una estación que conecta con Manhattan y otras ciudades. Recomendado para grupos de amigos y familias. Bon rapport qualité prix de l’appartement. L’hôte est disponible et nous accueille jusque tard le soir si besoin. L’appartement est situé à 5 minutes a pied des lignes de métro J et M qui desservent Manhattan en 35:40 min maximum. Seul petit bémol, le fait que les serviettes présentes dans la salle de bain n’aient pas été changées durant tout le séjour. Une taxe de 0,08% est à prévoir en cash sans reçu « conforme ».   Pour un couple, une bande de potes c’est un appartement que je recommande car très pratique et de bon rapport qualité prix."	0
705	Great place ! Very clean room great hospitality and of course the terrace was really relaxing! Great spot for getting subway and train to the city! The description of the place is better that accurate. Very clean. Beautiful decoration and painting. Nice neighborhood. I felt comfortable walking late at night. Train station at 150 yards and subway a 10 min walk. I would return. The apartment was as described. The balcony is fantastic, pictures do not do it justice. Everyone was welcoming, friendly, helpful and went out of their way to make me feel less like a renter and more like a guest. The building is secure, modern and clean. It is very close to stores so you can run and get little essentials as needed ( small 7-11, Dunkin Doughnuts, diner that delivers) are less than a 1 minute walk. Neighborhood safe, clean, friendly, quiet but active. If you have a car you do need to find street parking. Train station 5.00 cab ride away. A positive experience with positive hosts! Iris was so welcoming and helpful! The place was in a convenient location, so close to the LIRR, and you had everything you needed, including an iron and your own drawer in the refrigerator. They are above the most delicious Polish deli, and there is great late-night NY pizza across the street too. Just be sure you can sleep happily through train noises from the LIRR! A really beautiful apartment with a great outdoor terrace and easy transportation to the city.  Very nice appartement, my bedroom was perfect, I stayed for almost 2 months and I dont regret it. Iris and Terry were always available when needed. Small problem with Wi-fi that was corrected after. The only negative point is the train noise, cause LIRR passes by just next to the flat, so not indicated for sensible people that cant sleep with such noise. For me it was ok and I totally recommend Iris place!!!	1
706	"Everything was great here. It looks just like in the pictures. Me and my girlfriend stayed here for 5 nights and we had everything that we needed. Additionally, Simme asked us if we need anything everytime she saw us. Also, the place is really clean! Another thing to mention is that our flight was delayed a few hours and we got to her place in the middle of the night. She was totally fine with this and she greeted us inside.  Another plus is that her place is about 10-15 minutes away from the C subway which takes you straight to the most of the places you wanna visit in Manhattan. I totally recommend this place and I would definitely stay there again.  My mom and I stayed at Simmes place for 3 days and the overall experience was very good. The room is on the 3rd floor and very private since it has the bathroom inside. It has a sun roof and you can get plenty of natural light.   The place is a little bit far from subway station but it is perfect for morning walk. Most of the time, we just took 52 bus to J train station or A,C,F at jay street. You can get breakfast at deli places or le paris dakar at nostrand.    Host : She is not so friendly and look likes, she dosnt care about the guests. We arrival around 11 am and call her that we are in front of her apartment but she dosnt come down to see us or.., she told us on the phone that you can back at 1 pm !  Location : 45 Minutes from Times Square plus 15 Minutes walk to home.  Bedroom : Clean and comfortable.  Parking : easy to find in street.  Area : We didnt have any problem but you dont feel safe when you walking at 10 or 11 pm.   My boyfriend and I stayed with Simme for a weekend while we were attending the Governors Ball Music Festival at Randalls Island. The place is everything the pictures make it out to be. Simme was a great host, never really bothered us but made it clear that if we needed anything to call or text. Halfway through our stay she came up to check on us and make sure we had everything we needed. Simme also recommended a restaurant ""Peaches"" in Brooklyn that was nearby. We actually ended up eating there and it was some of the best food I had while in NYC. I would definitely stay with Simme again in the future, she was very nice and accommodating and always got back to my texts in a timely fashion. She was very flexible with check-out time on the final day which was very much appreciated. It was a great location, 10 minutes from the train but in the heart of Brooklyn.  Simme oli ohjeistanut meidät sähköpostiviesteillä oikein hyvin ja vastasi meileihin heti. The place is exactly as in the pictures and is definitely a nice change from your normal hotel room. Simmes place was very cosy and homely to say the least. Transportation was not a problem at all with the subway station just a few blocks down the road. It is conveniently located with shops nearby and many eateries not too far away. Simme herself was extreme never gracious and friendly and checked to see that everything was alright a few times during my stay. Although this is my first airbnb experience, it has definitely left a very positive impression on me and I would definitely recommend her place to anyone looking to stay in Brooklyn. Thank you so much for the lovely spot away from home Simme!  Simmes suite was perfect for us. Private, clean and functional, with a fantastic bathroom and quite some character!  Communication with Simme was good and we managed to check-in and out with some flexibility and no hassles.   The closest subway station (blue line) was a 10 min walk away and allowed us to explore Brooklyn and Manhattan during our 5 days in NYC.  Definitely recommended!   Pierre-U.    Hello,    The only ting I can say that Simme is very clean lady, that made my stay very comfortable. The location is very convenient, only 2 blocks from the Train A.  "	0
707	"Great location! It was a great stay in a location that is very well located. Great value for the space you get. Niks place was perfect for our needs, a great location,  super clean, and A/C on a hot NYC D Nik was a great host. He had his parents let us in and met us after our flight. The apartment was in a great location in china town n little Italy. Near subway and walking distance to downtown and shopping. Easy to get uptown to all the tourist attractions. The apartment was clean and spacious and not too noisy of a night time. Would definitely recommend staying here.  Nikolas Place is very well situated. You can walk to soho, downtown lower eat side and easily take the subway to Williamsburg and Brooklyn. The apartment is simple and gives you what you need on a vacation in NY.   When I arrived in Chinatown we called Niks mother. She and her husband met us at the apartment. We received a short tour of the unit and was told to call at any time should a problem develop. Never needed to call. The unit was clean and exactly as described. Bathroom was small but recently completely redone so very nice. No television, but WiFi worked well. I wanted a location that was Chinatown/Little Italy /subway convenient and this unit was perfect for all three. The unit was on a side street so no constant traffic noise past 10 or so. Also, the unit is located in an older building that is in need of a refresh but is unlikely to get one.  Only interruption was the trash truck which came every night between 10 and 12 to pick up the trash left in bags on the sidewalk by all of the local businesses. All in all exactly as described and perfect for my needs on this trip. Abbiamo trascorso un paio di giorni nella casa di Nikola e siamo rimasti soddisfatti. Nikola è stato molto disponibile. La posizione è ottima, tra China Town e Little Italy e questo ci ha consentito di muoverci anche senza necessità di prendere sempre la metropolitana. Le camere sono spaziose, le zone comuni un po piccole ma complessivamente siamo rimasti soddisfatti e consigliamo sicuramente questo host. Grazie Nikola ! The apartment is very well located to visit and explore Manhattan. Chinatown and Little Italy are two living areas, full of good restaurants !!   Nikolas mother was present when we checked in and she explained us all we needed to know. She was very nice.  The two bedrooms are perfect for two couples (like us) or a family. But we were cold in the apartment (the heating system didnt work) and there are a lot of noise at night (even if I know we are in NYC). Indeed, we cant close the windows because of the A/C and the poor tinkering with plastic sheet doesnt stop cold air and noise. Moreover, it should be necessary to put curtains on the windows.  It was a great experience and the localisation was perfect but there are also negative points to consider for a long stay.   This place is right in the heart of Chinatown and Little Italy. Perfect spot and walking distance to foods, subway and parks. The place is just as expected. Small but just perfect for sleeping and great for 4 people.  The bathroom is small but overall the space is decent. We had trouble connecting with Nikolas a few days before arrival but was able to get thru the day before arrival. We were able to check in early and met with his mom. There is free wifi. The place was cold the first night there. We connected with Nikolas regarding it and he put a call into the building owners the next day. There are no elevators so you will have to walk up two flights of stairs. Overall good place to stay for the location and price.  The communication with Nikola is excellent. The house is not very clean especially the bathroom, towels, blankets. I could have not highlighted this to be nice since nobody is perfect, but Niks mom was very abrasive to us when we were 20 minutes late for checkout (I went to the store for an emergency and she told my husband+kids to leave the place immediately to prepare it for the new guests).  Nice place, clean and new, in the heart of Chinatown, and very close to little Italy. 2 big bedrooms and a small entrance/kitchen, so recommended if you just plan to sleep there. Just be aware that the street can be noisy but as everywhere in NYC. Great! Nikolas apartment is in a great location, just a short walk to many wonderful restaurants & other attractions in the Little Italy & Chinatown neighborhoods.     We enjoyed the area, hearing & speaking & eating Chinese & Italian, & the ease of getting to various destinations in the city.    Xi-An Famous Foods is a short walk on Bayard, Ferraras is literally down the block, & more is nearby, just a relatively short walk from here.    Bedding was minimal; steam heat requires balancing the temp with cooler air you let in, since it is impossible to turn the heat down.    The apartment is clean, kitchen is adequate (but youll mostly want to eat out around here ), & bathroom is compact, with a good showerhead!    This is a fine choice for a downtown base, just be sure to make clear what is provided & how to communicate with Nik or his mom.    We did manage to get a second front door key after first being told that was not possible, so do check with Nik that he can provide you with key sets for your group. This was a great apartment and I would stay here again if I ever travel to NY. Place was clean and conveniently located between Little Italy and ChinaTown. Most tourist attractions are within walking distance. Be sure to check out the great and authentic food of Little Italy and China Town. It was delicious and reasonably priced.  My best friend and I met in NYC for a long weekend as we wanted to experience Manhattan during the holidays.   The location of Niks place could not have been more perfect. We spent one day walking all the way up to Central Park and the Met and the following day going south into Wall St, Ground Zero, back into Soho and Greenwich Village. We were able to get anywhere we needed, by foot or subway.   The options for food were fantastic but we tended not to spend much time near the apartment. The apartment had everything we needed to essentially sleep and shower, it is a small space but accurately described in the summary. Tended to be quiet at night and buzzing in the morning, which really just lended to the experience.   Dont be intimidated by the entrance to the building, it is what I assume, to be a classic New York building feel but we felt really safe the whole time. Bathroom is tiny but shower was awesome. Essentially a great place to sleep, wash and store your luggage. You will likely be out and about most of the time. Posizione della casa abbastanza buona, vicino a diverse metro e moltissimi ristoranti, negozi ecc, molto rumorosa nella notte. Casa nel complesso piccola, camere sufficientemente grandi, un letto in una delle due camere ""strano"" montato su assi in legno sporgenti che rischiano di far male camminando. Tubi del riscaldamento molto rumorosi. Coperta viola macchiata, tavolino nella camera instabile e con una ""gamba"" rotta, veneziana (finestra) si è rotta aprendola normalmente e abbiamo dovuto lasciare una somma di 15 $. Bagno molto molto piccolo e luci fulminate. In Cucina abbiamo trovato diversi insetti. Qualità/prezzo non molto consona. Grazie a Milena per lassistenza.    Host was accommodating to drop luggage earlier than check in by one hour. Good communication with guests. Loud neighborhood but location good for catching subway shopping restaurants. Bathroom shower rods tile and shade kind of gross. My husband and I in early senior years. Did not use kichen other than frig and warm hot water for tea. Walk up stairs in poor condition. Be careful. Battery for smoke detector beeped in entrance way the whole visit.  Heating way too hot. The guests ahead of us knocked down shade in bedroom probably due to heat and try to get cool air in. It was terribly hot   We had to use air conditioners.  Good place to stay at I recommand! Very good place for 2 couples, if you only want to spend the night there! Very good location, 2 big bedrooms, a small living room / kitchen and a small bathroom. Communication with Nikola and his mum is excellent. There was a lot of noise during the night and early morning, but its New York :) n/a  This place is in the center of China town. Which to us was amazing. So many fresh markets, and shops. Its a 10 minute metro ride to time square (if you wanna do the touristy things), Brooklyn, 15 minutes to Central Park and upper east side. The apartment is a nice cozy 2 bedroom with a nice amount of space. Very quiet building. Nikola was a pleasure and we will be back again.  The location is great, right in bustling Chinatown and right around the corner from little Italy. Its kind of noisy but most of the time you cant help that in NYC and really isnt a problem  if you wake up early. Perfectly safe and convenient area to stay in. Nikolas place was exactly as pictured in the listing - the 2 bedrooms with 2 beds suited the 3 of us perfectly. Shower was small but great. The location was also very central and because of this do expect some noise during the night and early morning. We were told the heating was on but the apartment was freezing and when we told Nikola and his mum, they brought us a space heater which helped a lot. Otherwise, we would have probably left, it was so cold! Another setback was just having one set of keys for the 3 of us, I tried to secure extra keys upon arrival but to no avail. Communication was also very poor and Nikola did not answer any of my questions about keys, heating or bedding, even though I messaged a week before I arrived :( I was quite worried that this would result in a terrible experience, however, it seemed to work out fine in the end. Small things could have definitely enhanced the overall experience: answer questions timely, set up space heaters in both rooms (important during winter months!) and provide extra sets of keys if possible. On a personal note, bring ear plugs if youre prone to nose, and then all in all, this place would be awesome.  It was great staying at Nikolas place.  Nice place. Great location. The apartment is in a great location and its really easy to get everywhere. The apartment is exactly as pictured, a 2 bedroom with a small bathroom and kitchen. Unfortunately, the apartment was not very clean (specifically the linens on the bed). The apartment was noisy, but I guess that is to be expected in NYC.  We spend a great long weekend at Nicolas apartment in February. Everything was as expected, with no issues. Communication was very good, and check-in/check-out went very smooth. Apartment has all you need for a short stay. Beds are very comfortable, however be ready for the street noise from early morning (I have to say that we were unlucky to have the roadworks right there, so thats probably a temporary inconvenience). Location is very interesting to explore.   Très bon emplacement (sur Manhattan, par rapport aux transports...) Quartier très vivant, parfois bruyant (bienvenue à NYC je suppose !) Nikola et Milena (sa mère) sont très arrageants pour larrivée et le départ, nous navons pas eu de problèmes avec eux ! Nous étions 3 personnes et nous avons apprécié lappartement. Petit bémol : le sol nétait pas très propre (poussière) et il faudrait un jeu de clés supplémentaires (un seul pass pour la porte de limmeuble, ce nest pas très pratique quand on est à plusieurs et quon veut faire des visites/activités/sorties différentes). Malgré ce point, on recommande pour la localisation et le rapport qualité/prix pour Manhattan ! The apartment is perfect for two couples, near to various metro stations and broadway avenue in soho. There are a lot of italian and chinese restaurants around and the neighbourhood is really cool. Appartement bien placé dans China Town, et un accueil correct. Mais appartement très mal isolé, bruyant, avec un chauffage excessif. Bref, je ne suis pas certain que ça en vaille le coût. très bon logement, nous étions 4 adultes, suffisant en tous points. très bien situé quartier Chinatown, tout de suite dans le bain de la vie quotidienne sur place. très bon accueil de la part de la maman de nicolaï. appartement propre et lits confortables. A recommander sans aucune hésitation. My friend and I stayed at Nikolas apartment during a 5 day stay in New York. The apartment was clean and tidy, and in a handy location.  The check-in process was easy as Nikolas Mum met us and showed us around. Some things you will need to be prepared for... You will need to be able to carry your luggage up two flights of stairs.  Also, we had to sleep with our ear plugs and airline eye masks on as the apartment didnt have any drapes or blinds and even at night it was light and noisy.  Apart from that, it was a good place to stay and good value for money.  Accueil éclair et froid appartement avec une salle de bains très petite pas de rideaux aux fenêtres pas d armoire dans une chambre tuyaux d eau chaude qui font un bruit d enfer quand quelquun de l immeuble prend sa douche en général appartement très bruyant parties communes très sales avec mauvaises odeurs ne vaut pas son prix  Apartment is well located and it has everything you need, on the small side but comfortably sleep 4. Check in process was not a good experience its advertise any time after 4 PM but they have an strict 4 PM check in. But I had to wait a half hour for someone to open the door and then another half hour while the apartment was cleaned.  Good location in the heart of china town, convenient to multiple Subway stops. It is a NYC walk up, so pack light. A bit loud from street noise in the mornings.  Bedrooms could use room darkening blinds. But overall, it was a nice apartment, comfortable for our family of 4.  Located in the heart of Chinatown/Little Italy. Busy street but easy walk to many restaurants and stores, and close to subway. Apartment was clean. Two big bedrooms and one nice sized kitchen. Small bathroom. Niko was nice , communication was easy, check in and ckeck out arrangements were easy. El trato fue genial, nos esperaron aunque el vuelo se retrasó y llegamos tarde al check in. Al irnos nos permitieron dejar las maletas hasta media hora antes de que llegasen los siguientes huéspedes, aunque el check out era a las 12, así pudimos aprovechar el último día más tiempo. Se portaron estupendamente.  Smack dab in Chinatown and right next to Little Italy. Small and a bit noisey with the street right below, but thats to be expected and not a big deal if you arent spending a lot of time in the apartment. The building only has 6 or so units and felt very safe. And iron and hair dryer are not listed, but were in fact there to use during our stay. Check in and check out was a breeze and everythinghing was just what we needed.  Apartment had an odor all throughout the place with locks all over the windows and door which shows the place has most likely been broken into before..I was there for only 15 min and left and I asked if I can get at least a partial refund, and I got ignored. I was worth it) This apartment was very close to two subway stations which was convenient for exploring the city. It was good having two separate bedrooms. However, the street outside was very noisy and this made sleep difficult. Thank you very much for having us! The place was great, right next to Chinatown and Little Italy. It was just perfect for us! Nikolas apartment is conveniently located in the center of Chinatown and walking distance from East Village and Greenwich Village. The apartment was very clean and the bedrooms were spacious.  Unfortunately, we had an issue with the front door lock. On our first night, we struggled to get in for 20+ minutes because there was something wrong with the top deadbolt. When we tried testing the top deadbolt after getting into the apartment, the key broke inside it. The bottom deadbolt worked, so fortunately we were still able to lock the apartment door.   Nikola was traveling at the time of our stay, so all of our communication was with his mother, Milena. Milena was very nice and welcoming, but the language barrier made communication very difficult. When we informed Milena of the situation, she requested that we hire and pay for a handyman ourselves to fix the lock. We were very uncomfortable with this request. Luckily we were able to resolve the situation with Airbnb, but this still made our stay stressful.  Despite the setbacks, Im still glad we chose to stay at Nikolas apartment. Not worthy at all ! Totale Enttäuschung! Kommunikation NACH der Buchung: erst nach Beschwerden bei Airbnb! Lage in Chinatown an einer der lautesten und schmutzigsten Strassen! Die Einrichtung sollte, bis auf das Bett in einem Schlafzimmer, auf den Sperrmüll! Kaffeemaschine (Kanne) defekt, Schimmel im Bad, Schmutzige Böden und Tische. Der Gastgeber selber hat sich nie gemeldet, die Übergabe hat seine Mutter gemacht. Das Airbnb so etwas zulässt ist sehr sehr schade, wir haben hier voreilig gebucht und kamen dann aufgrund der strengen Storno Bedingungen nicht mehr raus. Airbnb hat leider auch nichts unternommen! Very clean!  Great location in China Town. Quil est idéalement placé, mais quil ne faut pas trop être trop difficile pour le confort!! Très bien placé, à 5 minutes du métro. Beaucoup de bruits. was a nice stay and location was great but dont forget to bring earplugs The place is great! It can be a bit noisy due to people outside, but its more than acceptable given the rate and location. Nikola accommodated a slightly earlier check in because I had a meeting conflict during the regular check-in time. Highly recommend! Für wenig Geld bekommt man auch nur ein billiges Zimmer im China-Town. Wer also nur ein Bett für die Nacht sucht ist dort gut aufgehoben. Wer in irgendeiner Art und Weise auf den Wohlfühlfaktor Wert legt ist dort falsch. Pluspunkte sind die Betten und das zuverlässige WLAN. This place does not offer anything special.  But we just needed a good place to crash for reasonable.  It’s clean but old but perfectly fine.  Close to everything.   If your a lot guy sleeper you might not want to stay in Chinatown.  Very noisy.  Would stay again. Very close to Little Italy and Chinatown. Does get a bit noisy at night but other than great location Nikolas place was fantastic. It was close to everything New York City has to offer - restaurants, bars, public transportation to get you everywhere. The place itself was perfect for 4 people and had everything we needed for our stay. It was clean and cozy.  I would stay here anytime I am back in NYC and would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a great place to stay. Nikola was a great host and was quick to respond to my questions.  His mom, Milena, greeted us at the place and made sure we had everything we needed and answered all of our questions. Phenomenal host!!! Thanks, Nikola and Milena!! :) 房东态度很好,就是联系不上。晚上11点就说有事情来不了,我们很失望对于房东。还有一点就是房间地板很不干净,公寓楼梯扶手全部都是装修的灰尘,这点很失望。最后一点是最惨的,房间隔音很差。半夜有喇叭声音和垃圾车的轰鸣都听的一清二楚。 再来说说房东,和约定的时间迟到大约半个小时,不知道她怎么这么忙。 The location of the apartment is just perfect. Walking distantance to many great bars, restaurants and cafes.  The apartment is just perfect for two couples to explore NYC. The beds are very comfortable. The kitchen is equipped very basic, but we did not plan to cook during our stay. I would come again. Nikolas place was perfect. Clean, comfortable and great location. But the piece de resistance was that we got to meet his mother. Delightful, welcoming and beautiful, she added the extra touch. If you need to drop off your stuff early, you must get be lucky enough to meet her briefly also. I will most certainly stay here again. Great location, super communicative. I stayed alone, but 2-4 people would be comfortable sleeping here. Low-fi, but typical of a Chinatown apartment. Would stay again. Buena ubicación, comodo apartamento, ruido por la mañana. El problema que tuvimos fue que aparecieron ratas y cucarachas. Y la respuesta por parte del anfitrión ni de Airbnb fue la esperada. Overall was a good place to stay. Very nice place and excellent location for the cost. I would stay here again for sure. Host was very friendly and accommodating. I was somewhat reluctant before booking when reading the reviews as some people mentioned odors and noise, but the odors were mostly in the hallways and not the apartment, and the noise is what you would expect in NYC. If you want to be right in Chinatown, this is the place for you. I believe it is good value, as there were 2 bedrooms.  All of the basics were provided. The person who checked us in did not seem to know a lot about the unit, however. She was not aware how to turn the heater off and it ended up being a very hot night so we needed to do this. Window only opens in one of the two bedrooms so it can get quite stuffy in the other room. Especially if you cannot figure out how to turn off the heater!  On the positive, it is a good location and clear description. Good place if you just want to lay your head down and are traveling as a group. Nikola was also quick with communication and helpful. The location is good, 7mins can walk to subway.  10mins subway can go to times square, south ferry and main bus station.  There are two bed room.   The host is super nice and care what you need.  the building is quite old, the toliet is small. No lift( apt. 2nd) But with that good price and good location, it is not a big deal!  And thanks again for the arrangement! Good location, middle of everthing La cercanía al metro es estupenda y los restaurantes de Little Italy ofrecen comida deliciosa. Zona muy tranquila por la noche. Considerar el olor a pescado en el edificio. Great place and place is in China Town everything is near the place and great apartment. The host was great on time very friendly check in and a great place Die Lage der Unterkunft ist super. Preis-Leistungs-Verhältnis stimmt. Bis auf kleine Unstimmigkeiten mit der Mutter (die unsere Ansprechpartnerin war) eine sehr gute Wahl."	0
708	Dee was very friendly and responsive. The place is neat and very new. The style is contemporary and modern. 7-8 minutes walk from Times Sq. If you like to walk. Otherwise one may take the bus on West 42nd St. or call Uber. Its a cute and cozy place, great location, walking distance from pretty much everything one might want. If you stay here you get the pleasure of staying is a lovely and cozy apartment with Dee and her adorable son. The room is comfortable and has great lighting. The building is new and clean and has very kind doormen. If youre not familiar with the area, Dee is great with suggestions.  Dee was super nice. Friendly and very accommodating! The bed was comfortable, the place was quiet, and we felt very welcome. Great location! Dee was very kind and welcoming.  Super !  :)   Dee is very friendly and a nice. She helped us with our stuff and everything went very well. She is easy going and always ask if we need something else. It´s very easy to go walking to  many places, The ubication for us was perfect   Dee was very hospitable and friendly. Dee was delightful to stay with and she took care of everything. The place was fun and her couch was amazing (she made it). The bed was super comfy and the noise from the city was almost non-existent. Have a chat with her she has some awesome stories! I selected this for my sister on a trip to NYC. She very much enjoyed her stay at Dees- safe, quiet, and centrally located to everything in Hells Kitchen and Midtown West. Dee was very friendly and made checking in super easy. Highly recommend. The location is incredible, so near of Times Square, the room is very comfortable and Darah is very friendly. Definitely the best option. Great location, great host. Big and confortable king size bed. All we need for our week in NY. Dees place is very near the time square and also the river , most of attractions are walkable that saving us a lot of time to explore the city.    Bedroom is very clean and has a closet to hang out clothes.   Its worth the price at best location. Thank you. According to my gf, Dees place was the most spacious Airbnb she has stayed at in NY. Her place is exactly as pictured and the bed very comfy. We would fall asleep in minutes after a long day out in the city. The best part was the location. Just a 10min walk away from times square and subway stations. Dee was a gracious host. She was prompt in her responses. I would definitely recommend!	1
709	Nous avons passé 2 très bonnes semaines en famille à New York.  Nous avons été bien accueilli par nos hôtes. Le logement était conforme à la description dans un quartier calme et très accessible.  A quelques minutes à pied de Central Park !   The space was just right for my adult son and I.  Two bedrooms on opposite ends of the unit with open area in the middle (good for yoga) and kitchen and bathroom in the middle.  Clean and for an older building the kitchen and bathroom were nicely updated.  The kitchen was stocked with pots, pans, plates etc. so we were able to make our own hot breakfast.  A great location beside Central Park and easy access to two subway lines.  Lots of restaurants in the area.  Sarah was available to drop off and pick up the keys at our suggested time.   The host canceled this reservation 12 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Sarah foi uma excelente anfitriã, muito gentil e atenciosa. O apartamento é muito bom e acomoda confortavelmente quatro pessoas, possui dois quartos, uma cozinha completa, sala e banheiro. Tudo estava muito limpo e organizado. A localização é excelente, fica a três quadras do Central park de um lado e a mesma distância do Riverside Park do outro lado. Fácil acesso para o metrô: uma quadra e meia da linha vermelha e três quadras da linha azul. O bairro é muito seguro e tranquilo. De metrô é bem rápido para chegar até a Times Square. Além disso possui farmácia, mini-mercado e restaurantes bem pertinho do apartamento... O famoso mercado Trader Joes fica a apenas duas paradas de metro, na 72nd/Broadway. Ficamos muito satisfeitos em nos hospedar neste apartamento. The apartment is exactly what I saw at the pictures. The location is great, really near to the subway and to a lot of good magazines and markets, restaurants, drugstores... Sara had a great comunication with me and helped a lot with the check in. And we ( I travelled with my mother and with my boyfriend) had everything we need in the apartment.  I really recomend this place and would come back for sure.  El apartamento de Sara es tal como se describe. Tiene una excelente ubicación en una zona súper segura, cercana a Central Park y el Museo de Historia Natural y a dos bloques de una parada del Subway. Lo mejor es que tiene 2 habitaciones totalmente independientes y con canas de verdad. Sólo un elemento a tener en cuenta, el apartamento queda en un cuarto piso de un edificio sin ascensor. Para mí y mi familia eso no constituyó un problema pero podría serlo para personas con algún impedimento físico. No tuve la necesidad de molestar a Sara más que en una ocasión y me pude comunicar de inmediato. Si vuelvo a NY, me quedaría  de nuevo en ese lugar. Gracias Sara! Overall - the apartment was Lovely , and great fit to families , as it has 2 bedrooms , living room and a Kitchen .  Very good location !!! In the heart of upper west side.  But - host was very unfriendly , and very tough with check in and check out times, and we had to wait for her to come in after a long flight. The sink and toilet were stuck. The A/C made huge noise.   Hemos encontrado el departamento tal como lo hemos visto en las fotos. La distribución es ideal para una familia. La cocina es completa y espaciosa. Buena ubicación a 2 cuadras del metro, cerca a restaurantes y supermercados.  A pocas cuadras se encuentran el Central Park, el Museo de Historia Natural y el MET. Altamente recomendable.	0
710	Thuy was kind host and never minded answering questions. Thuy was a helpful and responsive host. I enjoyed my stay at her place. I had a really nice stay at Thuys!  The room was spacious and clean. Communication was great- she left a lot of information and even a little map of the apartment.  I would highly recommend!  Det var super godt og alt var fint og Newyork var en kæmpe oplevelse og meget inspirende  Everything was really nice. thuy was caring and supportive. The room is amazing. Very sunny, a loot of space, a desk, a super comfortable bed and completely reliable wifi. Thuys housemates were really kind and I had a very pleasant stay. Great space! Good location ! Thuy was nice and let us keep our bags at hers after checkout until our flight  This was my first time using Airbnb. I only stayed for two nights, and I arrived very late because my plain was delayed. Thuys roommate was there to let me in, and she even helped me with my luggage.  Thuy was very welcoming, helpful and considerate. She helped me with my luggage when I left, which was really nice of her to do.  I liked the room and all the light, and the bed was very comfortable. It was also nice with the private entrance!  The first night there was some noise and yelling from the street but I didnt notice any the second night.  The bathroom could have been a little cleaner, but all in all it was a really good stay, and I would definitely come back :) Comfy little room. Didnt feel very welcome because the roommate wasnt told that there are guests..but would stay there again- good price and next to the subway :)	1
711	My stay at Fabiolas place was great! The place was clean, and Fabiola was very helpful and welcoming when she was around. Note that the apartment can get hot in the summer Fabiola is very nice person, everything was clean like on the pictures. when we were going to manhattan she gave us umbrellas (we dont have any)), she always respond so fast so if we needed something she was always friendly and welcoming. bad sheets and towels was clean, bathroom was also clean, we didnt cook but kitchen is very nice and also clean. thanks for our staying in your house, Fabiola, i will reccomend your house to my friends! This was a really easy booking to make, very good communication, everything as described and I was made to feel very welcome. The room is actually even bigger than the pictures suggest, and the apt very home-y thoughout. I felt very at home here, thank you! Fabiolas a great host. Keep in mind that the train goes right by your window - she supplies earplugs if you need them. I lived 5 weeks together with Fabiola in her lovely appartment and enjoyed every moment! She ist such a nice person who really tried to make my time as beautiful as possible. I would definitly visit her again! The location is perfect, the train station just a few houses away and many grovery stores are around the corner. Also for those of you who need their coffee in the morning, there is a sweet little café just next door. So dont hesitate and book the room ;) Great for a long term stay! Fabiola is so sweet and made my stay in New York so much more comfortable We had a  lovely time at Fabiolas place. We did not get a chance to meet her personally because she was out of town but communication was great. We were welcomed by her boyfriend who made us feel like we were home all the time. He also gave us a lot of good advice on how to move in the city and what to visit. The room is big and clean, so is the bathroom. The bed perhaps is a little small for two people, but other than that is perfect.  The location is also great, the subway is very close and there are a lot of stores in the neighborhood.  I definitely recommend this place! Noise from trains running right by the window day & night is annoying to say the least Net curtains in the room do nothing to stop the noise or block the daylight The advertised twin bed is small & not really big enough for 2 people to sleep comfortably Room is spacious but sparse is a better word. Apartment is up 2 flights of stairs Host was pleasant & helpful though & the apartment is clean We didn’t use the kitchen but it looked fine We stayed during a very cold few days & had to use the supplied heater but during a hot summer without air con I️ can imagine the heat & noise being unbearable	1
712	Had an awesome stay there host are really helpful always there for you all you have to do is text them or call them WILL do again Antrice’s place was very spacious and comfortable. I would definitely stay again. . Great location, minutes from 2,5 trains. Hosts were quick to respond to questions. Price is a bargain for the size and location. What you see is what you’ll get. A big spacious apt. Lots of privacy. Comfy beds. Felt like I was at home. Would definitely book again. Will stay again. Nice ,Quiet An Comfy Place , The Host Was Very Respectful ☺️ Will Definitely Book Again	0
713	I would recommend this place for people that are looking for a great NYC visit experience. The Austin Street neighborhood is a short walk and filled with great restaurants and craft beer estabkishments. If you want proximity to the trains, this is it. A fantastic location and value. I would stay here again. Top Notch! This is the place to go if you want your own private space in NYC. The hosts leave you alone, but theyre always on hand if you need something. Its easy, clean and convenient, and you can sleep, eat and shower with no one bothering you. Theres a washing machine you can use. It even has a backyard, (NYC version, but still). Or you can come with up to three other people, (something I kind of wish I had done), and pay next to nothing. Im definitely going to consider doing that in the future. This is a wonderful place in Forest Hills with a short 7 minute walk to local trains - M and R lines at 67th Avenue station that gets you into midtown Manhattan in 30 minutes. Neighborhood is residential and feels very safe. Jacob, the property manager, made our stay very pleasant. We felt like it was our home away from home. Two Queen size beds are very comfortable - these are expensive good quality mattresses that ensure you get a good nights sleep. Private parking as well as washing and drying machines are an added bonus.   We highly recommend this place. 	1
714	Amanda was a wonderful host. She made me feel welcome as a guest and was very accommodating. The room was perfect and exactly as advertised. The bed was comfortable and the location extremely convenient. I would stay again in a heartbeat. Amanda and Paul were such hospitable and gracious hosts!  My booking was last minute and they still were willing to be around to help me with my luggage when I came and went at inconvenient times!  The room is super comfortable and the location is perfect for a quiet place to sleep in one of the most fun neighborhoods in NYC.    Thanks so much!! :) The house and the room were very clean and comfortable! Amandas house is near the subway, there you can catch the train direct to Manhattan (10min). Amanda and Paul are very nice and helpful! Me and my husband really recommend this place!  Amandas place was really charming. In the center of Brooklyn, near a metro station and the Brooklyn bridge. Its on a commercial street, but on the backside so very quiet. We had a really nice stay there.  For my first AirBnB experience, I couldnt have found a better host. The accommodations were great -- cozy room in their fourth floor walk-up apartment -- and very convenient to my conference. They keep in touch leading up to the stay and responded very promptly to my questions. I think the best thing I can say is that I was very comfortable throughout my stay. Thanks for your hospitality, Amanda.  This little apartment is cozy and impeccably clean. Its also in a great location at the crux of several nifty Brooklyn neighborhoods, with great shopping and restaurants and near several subway lines. Getting into Manhattan is quick and easy, too. Be aware, though, that if you have any knee problems, this is not the place for you. It is on the top floor of a building with many stairs.  Amanda was very accommodating, and hospitable.  Her place is close to everything I needed to get to in around the City.  I love the neighborhood, power walked to the Pier in less then 15 mins.  NOTE: Be prepared to walk up a lot of stairs, five (5) flights!!! I didnt mind walking up with my luggage, because I was sitting on a plane then the Air Train from LA for  hours and I am athletic. Amanda was in touch right away once we booked and quick to respond in the days and weeks leading up to our stay when we had one-off questions.  She and her fiance were welcoming and offered suggested some neighborhood places to eat.  It was just the right balance of friendly but allowing us to do our thing.  It was the best shared experience I could expect to have! This place was perfect for me!   Amanda was so accommodating, she made this wonderful, greeting me in the morning when i arrived making sure I was settled in...the bedroom was comfortable and cozy.   I had use of the living room & kitchen if I wanted.    There was even a heater in the bathroom as it was chilly this weekend.        When I couldnt figure out the key, Amanda made sure she was home when I returned to help me out.    Even served me a piece of pie!      All in all, it was like visiting friends with a guest room.   Great to come home to in a city I dont know, felt safe and sound.   The neighborhood has a lot of great places to eat, coffee and breakfast just out the door.  Easy to catch a cab, subway just down the block.         Thanks Amanda!    Amanda was so accommodating and communicative and happy to help! The apartment was clean and comfortable, and wonderfully quiet. It was a great first experience as a guest, instead of a host. Thanks, Amanda! They responded to every question within 5 minutes..  The apt was within a 5-10 minute walk to every train station that we needed.. The bathroom was clean There was just enough outlets in the room for everyone to charge our phones and electronic devices..  They were never in the way, but they were also not non-existent.. And Ive had both... I dont sleep well in places Ive never been, so I go everywhere concerned with three things,, the noise, the bed and the temperature, and location. The listing said that it was on a busy street but the window in our room isnt even facing the street. In fact, its far enough away from the street that the traffic didnt really interfere with sleep. And not to mention, the view wasnt even a brick wall...  Now, as far as the bed goes, It was more comfortable than my bed back home!! My sis said the same thing and she has a Temprupedic..  As far as the temperature goes, theres a box fan that fits in the window which not only keeps the temp down but provides l white noise  to help with sleep,.  I feel that if I came back to NY, I would totally stay here again..  Amanda was very welcoming to us! She received us very late in the night. The neighborhood is great, very close to train stops and buses. The building does not have elevator, so be prepared to lift up your luggage to 5th floor. The cleanness could  be better.  Amanda was great. She had everything all set for when I arrived and showed me around. Unfortunately I didnt have much time to take her up on the food suggestions, but hopefully next time. I had a midnight flight on my last day and she was kind enough to let me keep my luggage at the apartment so I didnt have to drag it around the city. The room was perfect and the bed was very comfortable. Amandas place was great.  Centrally located:  close to trains, shops, and of course bagels.     The room was well appointed and totally comfortable.      Would recommend.  Great first Airbnb experience.  Amandas place is exactly what we needed.  Room and apartment is neat and clean.  The air conditioner in the room was greatly appreciated.  Bed was super comfortable and even though the apartment is on a busy street we found the room to be very quiet. I would highly recommend this apartment.  Great stay. My first time using Airbnb. I appreciate the flexibility for check in time. Clean and neat. Definitely recommend  Amanda & Paul are great hosts. They made us feel at home in their abode, helped us out with geography, entertainment & culinary issues very well, & great to shoot the breeze with. The apartment was very easy to get to from JFK via the A train. Brooklyn Heights has a village feel about it, with lots of eateries to choose from, & grocery shopping places. The apartment is light, airy & spacious. The photo in the AirBnB listing section doesnt do it justice in my opinion. And, as someone else has mentioned, the bed in our room was very comfortable. The 4 or 5 flights of stairs are a challenge but well worth the effort. The kitchen is well equipped.   Great experience with AirBnB. Apartment was as described and location was convenient to the subway lines.  Check-in and check-out times were very accommodating and room/bed was comfy. Would definitely recommend this place to others. Amanda is a great host. Very professional and easy to work with. I had a late check in and she accommodated me. The location is great. I would stay here again  Good place to stay. Host is very accommodating. Clean and comfortable perfect spot for our short stay, right close to everyrhing. top floor, rear apartment, relaxing and quiet sunlight, Amanda is so incredibly nice and worked around our schedule and met us in the middle of the day for check-in. She also works in the food industry and had great recommendations for us! The apartment is in a really convenient spot and it was super easy to get around both Manhattan and Brooklyn. Would definitely stay again.  Très bon emplacement pour visiter et logement très confortable  The apt is small, but nicely decorated and quiet. Its at the back of the building so the room overlooks a green space. The bed is comfortable and the WiFi was fast. The hosts were accommodating, however, there were some very stressful moments struggling with the locks on both doors. We also had an issue with all of the mildew in the bathroom, the level of cleanliness in general, and the lack of enough towels & washcloths for the two of us. There is an AC window unit, but you may have to ask them to put it in for you and the rest of the apt & building is not air-conditioned so its a long, stifling climb to the top to a very warm apt before you get to your room. Thanks for a great stay! Apartment is very well located (near shops, restaurants, public transit). Couldnt have asked for a better location within Brooklyn. Hosts were easily reachable for check-in, were very kind and friendly, and generally made our stay pleasant and uncomplicated. Would recommend!  Great stay! Amanda and Paul were very welcoming and easy going. Paul was chivalrous and assisted my mother with her luggage when we first arrived to their place.   Pros: - The room! Very comfortable bed with closet space. - No noise! The luxury of staying on the 5th floor. (No elevator, but you can do it!) - Close to two metro stations! About a 3-7 minute walk.   No cons!  We enjoyed our stay very much. The apartment was very clean and the hosts very friendly.      Stairs. Place is great, they are wonderful hosts! Very much enjoyed my stay. Very nice, quiet neighborhood, and great hosts, no problems what so ever.  Great room, had everything I needed. We had a great stay!! They were very friendly and flexible. Awesome location and apartment! Wonderful! Great location. It’s right next to subway. Place is clean. We had a fantastic time during our stay! Amanda and Paul’s place was exactly what we needed during our busy agenda of seeing the city! They have a great location in proximity to the subways and some great restaurants in a walkable distance. We would absolutely recommend staying here! They were really kind and helpful. Amanda gave us some local tips and she makes us feel home. The neighborhood is close to everything. It’s the best place to enjoy Brooklyn and nyc at the same time. We highly recommended this place	1
715	This is an amazing! Safe! Warm! Wonderful place that I never been! Room are very nice and this house close to the A train and 1 train. Whatever you are traveler or business man or student, this place can give you whatever things to want. There are lots of restaurants,shops,and close to a park and a great bridge!  This street are very safe, neighbors are very nice and friendly! Everyday that I spend in this place,I feel very happy! And the most important thing is: Nidia and Eric are very very very nice people! Very friendly!Very warm!! In here I really feel like I am in my own room. And when we have  some free time, they take me to a big shop mall and China town.I really enjoy the time that we spend together!! My English are not very well, but I really recommend this room for everyone! This really is a best perfect room in NYC!!! 中文: 我一共在Nidia家住了24天,这真的是一段难忘宝贵的经历。房东人真的超级好,又暖心又体贴。我来纽约是为了参加我的面试,他们俩真的给予了我很大的帮助,让我感觉到家的温暖。 这个房子周围生活非常方便,尤其是交通!A线和1线就挨着房子,步行2分钟就到地铁口。而且还有各种公交车。穿过几条街就是乔治华盛顿大桥,穿过了就是新泽西州。另外房子周围有各种餐馆,还有中餐店都很好吃很实惠!超市也非常多,并且再过3个月会有一家超级大的商场在房子旁边开业。总之这里可以满足你的一切要求,是一个非常棒非常非常值得推荐的地方! 分享一个事情: 我是来纽约参加钢琴面试。结果来到后不熟悉环境找不到琴行(家旁边就有但是当时不知道)于是房东先生帮我找到他工作的教堂,冒着对自己工作不利的风险还是让我进去练琴了。这真的帮到我太多太多! 他们是真的人超级好超级贴心!离开的时候我真的特别舍不得他俩。好期待下一次纽约之行,可以再回去看看他们 房間很乾淨,房東會另外提供毯子或被子 水果,牛奶/果汁,餅乾也讓我們吃 有任何問題都會幫我們想辦法!! When I arrived in New York City, I got lost, but Nidia helped me a lot. She sent me many emails, such as how to take the subway, and what kind of subway I should take. In addition, she took the effort to pick me up from the train station and took me to her house. Her house is near the subway, so it is really, really convenient. She was so kind!! She always gave me such nice coffee, and when I got back to the house late, she was so worried about me. Nidia is a really, really good host! Nidia y Eriberto son unos anfitriones de 10!!!! Hemos estado en Nueva York 8 dias y han hecho todo lo posible por hacer nuestra estancia mejor en todo momento, y lo han conseguido!!!! El apartamento es precioso, muy limpio y huele genial. Nos han ofrecido té, café, cereales en todo momento, y tengo que destacar que los dos son unos muy buenos cocineros!!!! Definitivamente lo recomiendo!!!! Ademas de un viaje inolvidable nos llevamos de Nueva York unos amigos!!!! We had a pleasant stay at Nidia & Eris house. They are friendly host, they like to talk and share theyre experiences! Nidia was always prompt with her communications and was accessible by text when we arrived even if it was late at night. She is willing to help with anything and is very sociable.  Appartment is very clean and we always removed our shoes The bathroom is super clean and is not a problem at all to share it  The kitchen has everything you need if you want to cook The room is as it has been described, very clean, and the bed is confortable  Subway station is nearby (less than 5mn walk) and the Express train brings us to the 59 St (Columbus Circle) in about 20mn  But because everything can not be perfect : ) here is what we didnt like: As we stayed for two weeks, it would have been nice to have changed our bedsheets at least once  It is a bit noisy at night (outside noise)  The TV stays lit late at night with a loud sound, even when we go to sleep The window can not be opened to ventilate the room  But despite these points, they are nice hosts and I would recommande the place. And as they are new on airbnb, Im sure they will do everything to accomodate their guests their best! Un couple très accueillant, généreux et prévenant. Très compréhensifs vis à vis des horaires de départ/arrivé en fonction des avions. La chambre est impeccable, très commode, beaucoup de rangements et à côté de la salle de bain. Cuisine accessible. Appartement près de deux stations de métro pour accès direct à la pointe de Manathan. Nous avons passé un excellent séjour chez Nidia et Eric. The metro is literally one block away from the apartment, and it takes 30-50 min to 40-14 st by line 1. Nidia is soooo friendly and their cat is soooo lovely. Clean and cozy. Great great place to stay if you do not need to rush to downtown at any second. This was our first stay with an onsite host and Nidia and Eddie were great! I would definitely recommend this location. They were very accommodating and friendly. Nidia was very helpful when our flight changed unexpectedly. Both were always available by text and very helpful.  Nidia and Eddie are so welcoming! The bedroom was perfect for me traveling alone and I appreciated having the bathroom right next to the bedroom. Both Nidia and her husband are easy to talk with and they seem so glad to share about themselves and to share their home.  Nidia and Eddie are so friendly, they ensured we had a comfortable stay. The home was very clean and smelled amazing! I 10/10 recommend this Airbnb for anyone looking for a comforting environment. The place was really clean and nice and is very close to subway. Nidia and Heri are also kind and helpful. They took care of us and treat us as their own daughters during our stay. They were very considerate when it comes to check-in and check out time. I am glad to meet this couple. I will surely choose this place again when I come back to New York  Nidia and her husband were great hosts! They were so kind and their cat is adorable :) The subway is less than 5 mins walk from their home. There are plenty of shops nearby if you need anything. Would recommend if visiting NYC!  Nidias place is very convenient to everything! Its a safe, clean neighborhood. Close to many restaurants and shops. 2 minutes walk to the metro. Time Square is 30 mins away by train. She and her husband were an absolute pleasure; very kind and warm. The room and bathroom and very clean, comfortable and spacious.  Oh they were so sweet! Will treat you like family. Ive been to NYC several times but first time in Washington heights. I loved it, seemed like a good community. Soaked up some history- washingtons fort was just two blocks away.  The room was comfortable. I didnt plan to be home most if the day, just needed essentials like good shower, wifi and comfy bed :) friendly cat always there to keep me company.  I recommend to couples (or close friends who dont mind sharing a bed) or solo travelers who like having company around. Nidia and Henri are friendly but give lots of privacy. Sweetest ever! Nidia and Eric are such wonderful hosts. The apartment is so clean and nice. Anything you can think of, Nidia and Eric have pretty much prepared for you. My boyfriend and I could not have chosen a better place to stay! The location is great cause its right next to the 1 train, which takes you to Times Square and Central Park.  Nidia and her husband were such wonderful hosts! My boyfriend and I were very pleased at the cleanliness of the apartment! Nidia had great communication and would always respond quickly through Airbnb. They were very friendly and so was their adorable cat! We will most likely be booking again with them for our next trip to NYC!  The host canceled this reservation 35 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Nidia and her husband were Great hosts. Would stay there again. BUT had problems with Airbnb website from the getgo. Requested dates and gave them credit card #. Airbnb website said dates were unavailable. Made second request for same dates. Came back again.  Saying dates were unavailable. Then on Airbnb website says BOTH my dates ARE available. Then AND now I had to cancel one of the the reservations. And get my money back from the canceled reservation. Increíble atención y estadía!! Todo muy limpio y cómodo. Cerquita a la estación de metro. Volveríamos para futuras vacaciones!! Anfritiones de primera!! Full recomendado!! Son excelentes anfitriones, el sitio es impecable, muy amables y respetuosos en su trato. Muy recomendable Nidia and Eri were incredibly kind and welcoming. The apartment was absolutely spotless and they were really friendly. One of the best Airbnb experience I’ve had. Excellent place to stay! Nidia and her husband Eric are great hosts. Their place is very clean and organized, and they are amazing people. Also, there are tons of places where to eat around that area, and Nidia offers you breakfast as well. Also, the main two subway stations in New York are very close to Nidias house, you can go by walking is just a couple of streets away.  Un excelente lugar para quedarse! Nidia y su esposo Eric son muy buenos anfitriones. Su apartamento es bien limpio y organizado y ellos son muy buenas personas. También, hay muchos lugar donde comer cerca de esa area y Nidia ofrece desayuno también. Otra cosa es que las dos principales estaciones de tren en New York, se encuentran cerca de la casa de Nidia; te puedes ir caminando esta a un par de calles.	1
716	"Julie is very sweet and very hospitable!!! Shes a great host. The location is great, easy to get to manhattan, very quiet, safe residential area and best of all free, convenient street parking. Thank you so much Julie!  My boyfriend and I stayed here for the last days of our stay in New York. The place does seem clean, but rats would come into the room. We noticed it at first in the middle of the night. When we adressed this to the hosts (Julio and his wife), who speak very poorly english, they did not believe us. Then they said that they would handle the issue ""when we have left"". Well, that wouldnt really matter to us then.  They then asked their daughter to call me at 11pm in the evening (!), and she said that we could get some of the money back, if we would leave the house that night. We didnt want to sleep in a room with rats, so we left.   When she gave us the money back, she told us not to post a negative review or contact Airbnb.   Very unpleasant stay. Dont book here. You work hard for your money, so find a nicer place to sleep.  Accueil parfait , personne très serviable et accueillante  I futuri ospiti dovrebbero sapere che le foto delle stanze sono foto vecchie come mi ha confermato la proprietaria...che il bagno si e no sarà pulito ogni tre giorni se siete fortunati e che potrebbe capitare di trovarvi uno scarafaggio camminare sulla porta della  vostra stanza...e vi verrà risposto che può capitare...non vado oltre... Totally reasonable sleeping arrangement. Would not recommend if you are looking to be able to interact with host and/or other guests but for what its worth this place is totally fine. Would recommend bringing a blanket, however, as the one provide is pretty much just a very thin sheet. Quiet and clean house, little front porch to sit out on if you want to and the neighborhood is residential and low-key. "	0
717	"Close to the train and a friendly hostess, which are both great things. The guest room which I stayed in wasnt super comfy though due to the lofted bed with a flat mattress, which is too bad because the apartment is cute. The upstairs neighbors shuffled around during the night which made sleeping difficult due to the noise. The guest room is nice for privacy but not necessarily comfortable. Courtney was an extremely helpful, welcoming, and friendly host. I would absolutely recommend staying with her! Her home is tidy and simple yet full of beautiful art and plants. The sunlit aspect of the ""sunlit room"" was one of my favorite details and lived up to my expectations. Courtneys place is located very close to the subway for getting into Manhattan and elsewhere, but was also very close countless restaurants, cafes, and grocery stores right in Brooklyn. The host canceled this reservation 24 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Courtny and lisa were very nice. The neighborhood was quite and theres some good bars in walking distance. close to the subway. Good place to stay in. Courtneys room is beautiful, with plants and a nice view of a residential street in Greenpoint. Its quiet, with a big desk for working as well. If you love music, youll love this room with all of its memorabilia. Courtneys roommate Lisa is also fabulous and welcoming as a host. The apartment is close to anything you might need on Greenpoints main street, and the G train provides convenient transit to the L and E lines into Manhattan. Highly recommended!"	1
718	"Cozy room with a large almost private dining space and a huge TV screen! Enajite and Ejiro and the father are all so nice and helpful! Thanks a lot! The room is in a quiet neighborhood just two blocks from the subway. The room is pretty dark (great for sleeping in). Seriously, the room is dark - even with shades open it was hard to tell what time of day it was.  There is carpeting on the floor in case you may have allergies.   Other than that, it was a good place to crash, good hosts, central to Brooklyn and pretty quick commute to Manhattan. The place was dirty, carpets were not clean, bathroom tub full of hair, no waste basket, no towels either.  Big room, peaceful and quietly neighborhood. Enajites father was very attentive. Excellent value for the price and location. Quiet building, the radiator makes some noise during the night but not hard to get used to. Close to public transportation, very polite host, and lots of space in the room made this a great stay for us! Very kind and helpful hosts,  we enjoyed our stay.   Totally recommendable, we didnt saw Enajite but we were sharing the floor with a family member, who was really nice to us. The neighborhood its really safe, and the people is really nice. The place has a really good location , two blocks away from the subway and some station  away from Manhattan. We had a great time staying here. My friend and I stayed for a week and we felt right at home. Its less than a 10 minute walk to the subway where it then takes you about 30 minutes to get into the city. We really enjoyed the location :) The room was really nice and large, and we enjoyed having use of the kitchen and bathroom. The host was really helpful when we needed to stay another night. Would definitely recommend staying here   We had a great time at Enajites place. She was a great host and responded very quickly to what we asked. The place was nice and clean, even had smart TV, which is great. Travelling was convenient because the subway station was not far away, and we really enjoyed our walk to and from home because the neighborhood looked nice too. Comfortable stay, Enajita was great very accommodating eazy access to subway. Very  comunication. Quite neighborhood with supermarket and pharmacy near by. They resolved our   asks. Subway is very close. It is close to airport and Manhattan. The heater was useful but I dont love the noise. Huge tv. We use the Frigidaire  and the oven. Hot water. They are furniture good for the clotles. Personally, I did not like carpets, they seem dirty. No conocí a enajite, tampoco me dio las instrucciones para abrir la caja donde de encontraban las llaves, esto hizo que demorara en acceder a la habitación. La habitación estaba sucia (encontramos una bota de mujer detrás de la cama) de todas maneras nos ""cobraron la limpieza"". Por otro lado, el barrio no es muy pintoresco, es sucio y la gente es poco amigable. Por esto y otras cosas más no lo recomiendo y tampoco volvería  The neighborhood was quiet and nice. Its close to the AC trains as well. Enajites place had basically everything except for towels. The room was spacious. Her reply was fast and helpful. The only bad thing was that the heat would make loud noise and that affected our sleep. Overall, the place was what you would expect for such a nice price.  Enajite was an amazing host! He gave us free range of the place and we got to use the kitchen too! The place was very nice and close to the A and C train so it was easy for us to get around!! And there was a amazon fire stick so we got to watch all the new movies!  I would recommend this place for anyone who want to rest in a comfortable place for a great price Great place to stay! Offers FireStick viewing.....great restaurants near by....and a living room Good expirience for the price. 10 minutes to subway station walking. And from this station to manhatan 25-30 minutes. Very good communication, great value for money and a safe neighborhood! Small room comfortable for a short stay in a good location. good for the money. one night we didnt get much sleep because of lots of noise coming from AC. Close to metro station. Todo muy bien, estuvimos cómodos y tranquilos. Gracias!  Good place Good value for money. Quite neighbourhood 30 min away from manhattan. subway is a short walk from the flat. The host canceled this reservation 4 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The room is just like in the picture! The neighborhood is very cool, there are delis everywhere, cheap beer, etc. Her family is so nice and always willing to help. I quite felt like I was home.    The host canceled this reservation 23 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Good for short stay. The description says that we could use AC but it was unavailble. Host did not communicate. Carpet was dirty; no idea why we had to pay the cleaning fee.  에어컨 사용이 불가능하며 호스트와 연락이 잘 되지 않습니다. (뉴욕은 여름에 30도가 넘게 올라갑니다...) 저렴하기 때문에 이용할 수 있다지만 불쾌함만 안고 체크아웃 할 가능성이 매우 큽니다. Good price but very dirty and dark Staying at Enajites was very good. The guy that lives in the apartment is really nice and the location is very good. There were no problems. We had a great stay, the room is great and the bed very comfortable. The location is good, its a 6min walk from the subway station Comfortable room with large bed and AC. Great location, easy access to public transportation. The place is not for tourists. Lappartement était très bien situé à 5 min environ de la station de métro (environ 30 min de métro pour arriver à Central park). Lendroit était calme et il ny a eu aucun soucis. Il y a juste eu un manque de communication avec lhôte mais a notre arrivée tout sest bien passé. Very quiet and secure neighborhood, close to subway (about 5 min walk from either Utica or Kingston-Throop stations). Manhattan or Brooklyn center are easy to reach with the A/C trains. There are more midsize supermarkets in the area. Room is big enough for two people (Its a queen size bed) and there is a nice tv in the room. The living room is also in the guests use, as Host lives in the room next to the kitchen. Bathroom is next to the entrance. We could use the kitchen, fridge, plates, glasses, everything.  It was perfect for our 7-day-stay to discover this vibrating, beautiful city! Good location close to the subway. Nice and quiet neighborhood with good restaurants. Place is not very clean though. Weird smell and dirty carpet. You can get used to  it if youre not a too cleanly person. This place was an okay stay. We were never able to get a hold of the host even after several phone calls and text messages. We were stuck outside the apartment for two hours waiting for someone or even a reply because keys werent where the host said they would be. The room was good. Occasionally there was outside noise, but nothing we couldnt handle. Bathroom and kitchen were okay. The TV was great. Had several channels we could watch. The apartment was definitely close to public transportation. We had a great stay. The neighborhood is really nice and it’s close to the subway, but the apartment is not very clean. Chambre très poussiéreuse mon fils asthmatique en a souffert les clés du logements trop compliqué pas de présentation des lieux n ai pu utiliser la cuisine car pas d explication et pour ma dernière nuit une souris ds ma chambre seul point fort proche des transports Manhattan à 20mn à peine Main problem was mouse (mice??). It will come every night and destroy some things. The mouses bobs was in commode when we arrived.  No informartion about wifi so we couldnt use it (first we had to go to mcdonalds wi-fi to wrote our host and after wait to next day for answer).  I cannot reccomend this accomodation Good place. Helpful people. Everythings ok Communication was good, location very close to subway. Easy to reach. Apartment was very dirty. Especially carpet and floor. The location was convenient, and the host had excellent communication. However, the space was extremely dirty. There were mice living in the vent, and mouse poop covering the window sills behind the curtain. They even chewed through some of our packaged food, which we then had to throw out. The carpet and floors also had not been cleaned for a long time, layers of dust and grime had piled up. Finally, the shower water ran brown for the first few minutes of use before eventually turning clear."	0
719	Great things come in small packages! This is an awesome space to stay if youre looking for an artsy, independent neighborhood in the Brooklyn area and dont mind sharing a living room space with a couple others. Jack and his roommate were both extremely welcoming and friendly, and had lots of great tips on events and places to eat in the area! Jack was very responsive to communication, and for someone who was in a pinch a week prior to booking my reservation here, I was very pleased with how well I was set up (and how comfortable my bed was too)! While the apartment is directly off the street, the city traffic is fairly quiet for sleeping - as the bedroom is located towards the backyard of the apartment. Should I ever make a return trip to this part of Brooklyn again, I certainly wouldnt be opposed to staying here again. Very hospitable host, knows local spots and the transit system, room is comfy and water pressure is great. Surprisingly quiet apartment for the location, and a plethora of good eats and bars within walking distance. No complaints here, you will enjoy your stay. Cafe DuChill is the stuff of Airbnb dreams: the most friendly and accommodating of hosts, an amazing location, and a chillness that lives up to its name. Wherever we went in NYC, my friend and I could not stop spreading the Cafe DuChill gospel. We absolutely loved our experience and it will be our #1 choice the next time we come to town. If you like getting to know your hosts and having a great time, you will love Cafe DuChill. Jack was a great host! I got in pretty late, and he was extremely flexible with check-in.   The place was exactly as advertised, and the location could not be more perfect, within walking distance to all the best bars and restaurants in the neighborhood. I would highly recommend Jack as a host, and would definitely stay with him again in the future :D Great location, close to subway stations. The room was clean and spacious, and bed was comfortable. The host, Jack, was friendly and hospitable. I enjoyed my stay in Jacks place, he is a great host.  Check in and out were easy and flexible, the apartment is easy to find and exactly as described.   The room itself is clean, comfortable and quiet.   I will stay there again if I have the opportunity. I got in really late and left the next day (only needed the 1 night). It was easy to get in - no problems at all. I didn’t meet the host since I was only there for less than 24 hrs, but he was really easy to communicate with via message. He let me leave my suitcase after I checked out so I didn’t have to carry it around all day. It was easy to stop by and pick it up later. Jack was an incredible host and super accommodating. His place perfectly fit our needs - a chill space for two single 31-year-old guys to enjoy a long weekend in Williamsburg without totally breaking the bank. Beds were really comfy and easy to sleep in, towels were always available, and everything was clean. Finding and getting into Jacks place was really simple, and never had any issues with anything. Amazing location on a main street made rideshares very easy, although we walked most places since its so close to the main drag in Williamsburg as well as multiple train stations going to the city. I really appreciated the restaurant/bar tips from Jack and his roommate since we didnt have anything planned out before our trip. Great times at Cafe DuChill! Two friendly guys in a great space! You can’t beat the price, easy access to the L, and restaurants around the apartment. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay! Stayed at jacks place for two nights and It was great! Location was awesome and right near everything in Brooklyn. Super friendly and hospitable, I would definitely come back here The house and the room were exactly as it is described. The check in and check out process is flexible and clearly explained by Jack. I didn’t get to spend so much time in the room, since I arrived late and checked out early, but it was a pleasant one-night stay! Nous avons passé 3 nuits chez Jack pour les fêtes de Noël. Ce dernier nétait pas là lors de notre séjour, mais notre arrivée/départ sest passé sans problème. Lappartement est bien placé, a quelques minutes dune ligne de métro directe vers Manhattan. Nous avons beaucoup aimé le quartier de Williamsburg, très vivant ! Merci également à Jack pour sa réactivité dans nos communications. We really had a great time at Café du Chill. The location in Williamsburg is great (5 minutes walk from the L train - Bedford Av.) and Jack, our host, is a chill guy indeed. Cool place to stay in Brooklyn for a short trip there. Had such a great stay! Jack was super great with communication & so accommodating. This location was also perfect for experiencing local in Brooklyn. Lots to do around & close to public transportation! Our stay at Jacks was very nice. The place is as described, its a sweet three bedroom appartment in a great neighbourhood (close to Manhattan without the high buildings and non-stop people). Jacks very responsive and accomodating, we came for new years eve so the weekend was obviously a bit festive. I wouldnt know if its as outgoing on weekends of another period of time, but I maybe would recommend looking for someplace else if youre an older couple or a family. We on the other hand had a great stay! Jack was absolutely the best host! Very accommodating with the check-in and out, lovely to chat with, easy to reach at any time and he had some great tips about places in the area.  The apartment is great too. It has everything you need, its very central for exploring bars and restaurants in Williamsburg and its close to the subway to get into Manhattan. For the low price, its really good value. Jack was a great host. The location was absolutely an advantage. Had a good time and didn’t have any problem. Will definitely recommend the place. Very nice, great for the money and Jack is a super super nice host.  Jack and his roommate were perfect hosts! The apartment is in a great location and had everything we needed  for a weekend stay in Brooklyn. Jack is one of the nicest people Ive met through airBnB.  Loved staying at his place. I had a great experience with Jack! The location is great and you cant beat the price. I also appreciated how flexible he is about check in and check out. Great stay with Jack, aka Monsieur Chill :) convenient location and quiet room as described! Would come back again next time. Excellent location! The room we slept in was quite quiet and Jack was very accommodating and friendly. Our stay at Jacks was great! Really good location if you want to be in Williamsburg.  Parking on the street was a breeze.  Would stay again!	1
720	Olivers apartment is great. Its conveniently located next to the L train which takes you quickly to hipster Williamsburg and Manhattan. Its very clean and comfortable.  We had a great time there, and would recommend anyone to stay there. Olivers place is possibly the biggest bargain in Brooklyn! It was super clean, had its own entrance and bathroom, and we really felt like we had our own place for the price of a shitty motel room ;). Would totally recommend this place! This is actually located in Bushwick area of Brooklyn, but the area is interesting and convenient enough. Room and shower was fine and flatmate was helpful. Very large bedroom and bathroom for New York! The bed was very comfortable, the room has its own private entrance and it feels like you have your own place, which is really nice. Parking on the street is no problem. I never felt unsafe traveling to Brooklyn and Manhattan and this area made no exception, even for a woman alone. Excellent location just next to the L line, perfect to go in and out the city at any time of day/night. I havent met Oliver, though we had contact through emails and he was very nice. Its the perfect place to stay near the city without having to pay a fortune. Thanks Oliver:))  From my initial inquiry, Oliver was an ideal host. He is friendly, organized and very clear with his expectations, and I could not be happier with my recent stay.  I was there for 11 nights and never regretted renting the space from him. Olivers apartment is an ideal place to stay, and I would stay there again and again for several reasons. First, the apartment is clean, spacious and very tidy. It is located in a quiet area of Bushwick and very close to the L train. It was usually a 10 minute train ride to Union Square, and there were plenty of good stores to by organic food at any hour of the day.  We had a great time at this apartment; the room itself was very spacious and felt private with the entry. Everything was clean, and even though we didnt meet Oliver in person, he was always quick to reply to our messages. Would recommend!  Olivers place was as described. He was not in town, so I met his roommate to grab a key. Its definitely a dudes place - no frills. But it was a great place to crash for a couple days. Its super close to the L train; a quick ride into the city. Olivers room was very clean and comfortable during my stay. There is a large bed and a bathroom attached and an AC. Oliver was very nice, responsive and accommodating as were his roommates. The Bushwick neighborhood is really great and there are many good restaurants nearby to try, the only thing about the apartment is its nearly a 10 minute walk from the closest subways.  This place is well worthed. Huge bed, with own bathroom for a really good price. Unfortunately we couldnt meet with Oliver, but he and his flatmate Denise were extremly kind.   The neighbourhood is peaceful, i didnt mind the walking to the train just a few minutes. Manhattan is really close, you dont need to worry about that.  If there will be next time for us, we would come to Olivers place again.  I really had fantastic stay at Olivers home. Though he was not present but he ensured that me and my wife had full access to home. Best things are as below;   1) Home is just about 5 minutes walk from Moragan Av subway hence offered easy connections to the city.  2) Room given was really large and had a  attached bathroom as shown    3) Living room had 2 sofas and a dinner table which gave a complete feel of staying at our own home.     4) There are plenty of Deli shops and restaurants nearby for our need so we did not have to struggle for any thing.     5) all these at such a great price which was really icing on the cake.    Overall we had great stay and would love to stay back again.     Thank you Oliver and Thank you Air BnB for making our honeymoon trip memorable one. 	1
721	nice view, great location The apartment was amazing. Access to public transportation, amazing food restaurants and more. I would recommend staying here if you’re looking to enjoy the city the right way! Future reference to ask for updated photos of place. Smell of cigarettes and had no tv or wifi available. Amazing host, great Neighborhood close to restaurants, shops, train super close takes you to Manhattan in a few minutes. Place is nicely updated, a little dusty and never got hot water to work but we were more than happy with the experience. WE DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE!!? Thanks Great place to stay outside of the city! Spacious and comfortable. Stayed here with my best friend and her boyfriend on a spontaneous trip so that he could propose to her in Times Square.  We booked the room last minute and communication with Isabelle was really easy, check-in and check-out was a breeze. The price was really doable and we were close enough to Manhattan that it was quite a bargain for our group compared to other spots. The apartment is just as described, no more and no less.  Pros: - Two large full baths. The larger bedroom has a bathroom inside of it so that my friends could have their privacy. - Clean towels and beds were comfortable. - Wifi and TV were as described, even though we didnt use them. - Quiet. Very little noise on the street and we slept well. - TONS of great restaurants nearby.  Cons: -Overall cleanliness. Linens were provided, but there was no hand soap in either bathroom. I walked around barefoot while getting ready for bed and by the time I went to sleep the bottoms of my feet were black. My friend found a couple hairs in their bedding, and the refrigerator had an open can of pop or something inside of it and needed a good clean (smelled of fish). - The water in the shower was only lukewarm. - Bedrooms were cold when we arrived and we had to turn the heat up for a while before bed so we wouldnt freeze as the comforters on the beds werent very warm. - Parking is sparse, so if you drove be prepared to hunt around for a good spot!  Given our last minute check in, we were pretty happy with the apartment. Its cute and has two nice little balconies. Was a decent place to crash for a single night!	0
722	The best room ever :)  This place was amazing to stay at. I loved it so much. I had such a great time there.  Maryam is a very warm person. she was very helpful throughout my stay. her apartment is ok and the bed very comfortable. The apartment is very close to the underground station which made it easy to move around. will like to stay here again The place is great, 2 blocks from A trains, 5 blocks from 1 trains. The apt is huge, comfortable an sunny. Wifi (now that is working  I stayed in Maryam for a few weeks. The apartment is as she described, only the bathroom curtain was very dirty and neighbors play loud music at nights.  Had issues with loud music from neighbours every night, as another reviewer also mentioned. The bathroom was dirty with yellow stains on the bath tub also bed linens didnt seem to be cleaned properly. Found dead skin and hair on them. The host tried to swindle more money by accusing my fiancé of having her friend stay there just because her friend from NYC was there to help her move her bags in and to take her to the airport when she was leaving. On the positive side, my fiancé who stayed their had the place to herself and the flat was a decent size for one person. Pros: - have the apartment to yourself - minimal and chill - plenty of drawers and dressers - microwave, fridge, freezer, dishes, utensils - walk-in closet - comfortable bed and pillows - airconditioner and fan - wifi - TVs - two blocks from the A train  Cons: - host falsely accused me of having others stayover and swindle extra money from me - extremely dusty floors, cant walk barefooted or with socks - dusty and trash under bed, dressers, couch - stains on pillow cases and sheets - loud noise from neighbor playing music - toilet seat is loosely screwed/defective - no warm or hot water in the shower sometimes   Worst customer service: - Although host allowed me to stay months past reservation for a discount, and also accomodating to my budget and freelance situation that requires me to pay in installments rather than full money down... host harrassed, slandered and bullied me on a constant basis for payment even though we already discussed our agreements multiple times prior.  - Host wasnt accomodating to payment method. Only offered the option for me to pay through wire transfer to hosts bank account or illegally through Airbnbs Resolution Center. (According to Airbnb reps and policy, Resolution Center is not to be used for longer stays or arrangements.) Wasnt accomodating to (Hidden by Airbnb) , Cash, (Hidden by Airbnb) , nor mailing a check, nor mailing check to hosts sister who handles keys exchange and apartment cleaning.  - I think host illegally violated Airbnbs rules by not being physically available in the city or area. (I think host lives in another state, city, or country. Host does not live in this apartment. And according to Airbnb reps, does not provide that info on the listings summary or description. I think host owns or is leasing apartment for the sole purpose of hosting on Airbnb or as a vacation home). Hosts sister is the one available in the city, but according to Airbnb policy host needs to be the one available.  - Host confirmed 3 separate times weeks in advance that they need apartment March 23. We agreed I stay until then and pay up to the 23rd. (In Airbnbs language, that means my last overnight stay is March 22 and checkout March 23.) Mere days prior on March 18 host violated agreement by demanding I leave the 22nd. Host tried justifying it because sister needs to clean apartment and take keys from me, therefore in essence kicking me out one day earlier leaving me out on the street. Even after her harrassment, bullying and slandering... I offered to clean the apartment myself which Ive been doing for months, and to exchange keys with sister and leave the night of the 22nd before host arrived the morning of March 23, which I did. (I still paid until the 23rd out of courtesy, so Im technically being stripped of my last paid overnight stay.)  The host canceled this reservation 11 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	0
723	"A.Gs apartment is right in Gramercy Park and central to everything. Only 1.5 miles walking distance from Grand Central Station,  Rockefellar Center and Herald Square. I really enjoyed being a tourist and walking around the neighborhood. The highline is only 1.2 miles away in West Village and you can grab Artichoke Basilles pizza. I enjoyed hanging out with friends in the East Village/Flat Iron with all the bars. NY is an amazing place and Ill definitely be back to stay at A.Gs place.  the listing was exactly as they had stated. It was a great place to stay and would recommend A.Gs place. It was in a great location, it was a clean and tidy apartment. A.G was great when it came to communicating with me, he helped me a lot and got back to my messages within a day. Overall I loved the room and would happily stay again in A.Gs lovely apartment.  This was the WORST airbnb experience. Unfortunately had to stay there for 2 horrible weeks. This place Is just a big lie. The room is as pictures yes. But i do not know why they have so many good reviews, i spent a lot of time reading this reviews when i choose for a place but man this is not true at all. What no one tells you: 1. First thing the host told us was to not tell anyone in the bulding we were airbnbs (which is fine) cause the landlord didnt like the idea. 2. No host, AG never appearead in person. there are a lot of places with no hosts, the thing is that the host is responsable for things we already paid (like the cleaning fee) for a clean place, no one took the trash out for weeks. No one cleaned the bathroom during the 2 weeks we stayed. No one washed the dishes. And ""no one"" is not the name of the host. 3. we were going to share the apartment with 3 roomates. Big lie, no roomates just airbnb people coming in and out for one or two nights. 4. AG does not live there, he doesnt care, is a business for him, sorry man but your girl friend who lives there didnt even put clean sheets for us in the bed when we arrived. Big holes on them and hairs of all kinds all over the place. (We had to buy our own sheets) 5. Be ready to not have hot water to shower, not just one cold new york morning, several mornings we had to shower with cold water until we decide to shower during the night (only time of warm water) 6. No one tells you that one of the roomates sleeps in the living room (common space) until 2pm. 7. Last but not least if you stay in this room during the winter be ready to hear the heater as loud as possible next to your ear during the night. 8. I would like to tell you that the only good thing to consider is the location but really? Way better to stay a bit further in at least a clean place. 9. Definetly will NOT recommend or stay again in this place. Sorry guys to blow up your cheeky but unclean and unorganaized business. 10. I believe airbnb is about sharing your place with people you dont know, but why this works so well is because the host usually makes you feel nice. This is not the place because there is no host at all.  Great location with easy accessibility to train, shops , bars etc... Although the house is relatively full with other housemates, you wouldnt notice as we rarely crossed paths. This is a great place to stay if your looking for a place to crash after a big day/night exploring all that NYC has to offer. Le logement correspond exactement aux photos, lemplacement est idéal. Le quartier est très sympa, en bas de limmeuble vous avez un arrêt de bus, un supermarché, de nombreux restaurants et bars et deux blocs plus loin larrêt de métro. La chambre est très lumineuse et donne sur la cours intérieure, les nuisances sononres sont faibles.   Y étant restée 4 mois le menage est à faire par nos soins mais tous les produits sont mis à disposition. La cuisine est bien équipée, le seul élément manquant est le microonde.   Très bon séjour, hôte a lécoute et arrangeant.  편하게 대해주었고 깨끗하고, 편하게 쉴 수 있어서 좋았습니다. 추운 날씨에 따뜻따뜻ㅎㅎ A.G was really nice, his place was beautiful, convinent and perfect, if next time going to NYC, I will still live here!!!!!! A.G.s apartment is in a central location - walkable to many restaurants and subway. The apartment was in good condition when I arrived, and the room looked exactly how A.G. described it in the post.  Lo recomiendo 100%, el anfitrión nos dio muchas facilidades a la hora de llegada y salida, la casa tal como se ve en las fotos. La ubicación también muy buena A.G. was very good about communicating with us. There were only a few glitches (like noise) which were addressed quickly. A.G.s roommate Ari was super lovely.  Overall, I would recommend. Everything was perfect for a great value . A.G. was quick in responding back  and everything  displayed on Airbnb was exactly how it appeared in person. A.G.’s  roommate Ari  is super sweet and awesome to hang out with.  She made my stay most enjoyable."	0
724	very good the house was exactly the way it was on airBnB and the host was very friendly and helpful. we were provided an extra parking space near the train station so our senior members of the trip group can walk mush less to the train station. I will definitely book this house again when traveling to NYC We rented the entire house (2 separate 3 bedroom, 1.5 bath apartments in the same home).  There were 9 of us, and there was plenty of space in this very clean home.  We left the doors to each apartment open on the inside so it felt like 1 big house instead of 2 separate apartments.  We were very happy with our stay in this very friendly neighborhood.  Richard was timely with communication, answered our questions, made us feel welcome and at home.  Having off street parking for a few cars was a real plus.  Thank you Richard! Joalexer was an incredible host! My friends and I ran into unexpected circumstances the day of check in but we were able to check in late despite the minor setbacks. The house was clean and big enough to accommodate the amount of people we had and we all slept comfortably. The neighborhood had many conveniences nearby for food and other necessities we needed. Joalexer gave us complete privacy and always responded promptly to any questions or concerns we had. We had an amazing stay thanks to Joalexer.  Joalexer was amazing to work with, really great with communications and was able to adjust to our early flight and accommodate my entire team while we were working New York Comic Con. The space was huge, more than enough room for my team of 8. Nice big drive way to park in!! A++ The house a little bit far from the center,and the market not close  This home has room to spare!  We had the first and second floors to accommodate our family celebration of a college graduation! Three bedrooms down and three bedrooms up, gave us plenty of room for the family to arrive from 4 states.  Between the two kitchens, we had everything we needed.  The best thing: this house comes with a driveway, so you always have a parking spot (or two).  Hostess was always available and very helpful! Not fancy, but definitely a city experience, 5 minutes by car to a good metro station, and  comfortable beds. An excellent AirBnB purchase! It was clean. It was enjoyable The place is very big its basically a duplex with two apartments. Its right in brooklyn with a store a couple blocks down. Definitely a great place for a large group enough room for everyone to have their own space. Great place 	0
725	Mimoza and Matt were great hosts. We didnt overlap a ton but they were both very nice whenever we chatted. Mimoza even checked up on me to make sure my stay was going well and provided tips on things to do. The apt was very clean and the room was exactly as described. I happened to be there for business, so while the room may not be ideal for someone to do any work in, it was still comfortable. Be prepared though, this is NYC, youre not gonna have a ton of space to begin with and there wasnt really a common space to hang out in; but hopefully youll be out and about wandering the city. The neighborhood is great, filled with tons of bars and restaurants. Definitely recommend for solo travelers. Thanks again for hosting!  This is a simple, clean space that is perfect for one person in the city with few plans of hanging out in the apartment. The bed was very comfortable, and everything worked. Once of the quietest apartments Ive ever visited in NYC. Note that theres no hang out space in the apartment as you might expect from a small NYC apartment. Access to the trains is great, there are some very good restaurants/bars nearby, easy access to Central Park and East River for walking/running.  The hosts were great -- responsive, flexible on checkin/out, easy going, and offered some great suggestions on where to go.  This is a perfect spot for a quiet get-away in the city! The hosts are lovely as well. Yes, the room might be small, but you dont need much when there is so much to see in the East Village area. Its also very close the the 6 & Q Subway lines which makes getting anywhere in the city super convenient! Mimozas apartment was great. Solid location which made it easy to get around NYC. The place is very comfortable and she was great company. Mimosa is super friendly and helpful. The place is clean and comfortable. I had a great stay. Mimoza was a wonderful host especially on such short notice. She was friendly & welcoming upon my arrival and always helpful & responsive during my stay. Her place also is in a great location on the Upper East Side. Highly recommend! Mimozas apartment was exactly what I needed for a whirlwind 3 nights in NYC.  As someone who likes to walk, I was easily able to get to Central Park, The Met and the museum stretch of Fifth Avenue. For longer journeys, the very close access to the subway station and number 6 line meant easy access to the rest of the city.   I hadnt exactly packed lightly, so the climb up the stairs to the fifth floor was a little tiring, although doable. Id advise avoiding bringing two suitcases.  The air conditioning in the room was great for the warmer evenings.   Mimoza was lovely and very helpful in being accomodating with check in time, as well as offering any tips on the city. Although we didnt cross paths, she was easy to contact and quick to respond.  Thanks! Mimoza was a great host she stayed up to let me in after my flight was delayed multiple times. She was very welcoming.  Recommend! This is the perfect location in NY city. Close to public transportation, so many restaurants surrounding the apartment. Mimozas sister, Erza, was the one who greeted us and she was a sweetheart. Such a nice person.  My girlfriend and I definitely had a NY experience with the small apartment. Very clean and very cozy place. If you are ever in NY and need a place to stay, Mimozas apartment is the best place to go.	1
726	Great location right by the L train, a short walk to the NQR, 456 trains.  Many restaurants and grocery shops within walking distance. My request for an early check-in was however not only not granted, the apartment was not ready till 1 hour check-in time. My arrival should have been anticipated by the host but cleaning services was only employed when I arrived in NYC airport and called the host. The poor cleaning lady had barely any notice for cleaning the apartment. Apartment is as seen in pictures, except for the bathroom. The second bedroom and bathroom are relatively small. The apartment is older than expected and multiple things needed to be fixed in the apartment. Though the host was relatively prompt in his response, the building supervisor was not. The bathroom door, main door knob, kitchen faucet, corridor light and pots in the kitchen need to be fixed and changed. There were also problems with the boiler room and there was no hot water supply twice during my stay.  The reservation was canceled 40 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 5 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. El departamento es comodo y el lugar es inmejorable para moverse por NYC Appartement parfaitement bien placé dans NY.  Quelques problèmes avec les radiateurs qui faisaient bcp de bruits comme partout à NY.  Eran a été un hôte parfait. Très réactif.  The apartment is really nice and very well placed! The host was helpful and very nice! I hightly recomand this place and I would defenetly return a second time! This apartment was great - looks exactly like the pictures and was very clean. Its quiet and feels isolated which is what you want when trying to get a good nights sleep. You can hear a bit of street noise (car honks and sirens) but thats expected given where you are in NYC. We didnt cook any meals there, but it was a nice option to have. Check-in and check-out was very easy and its a very safe area for those not familiar with New York. Also great location as theres grocery stores, lots of restaurants, 24 hour pharmacy steps away, and easy access to different train lines.	0
727	"Our trip to New York City has been great and Karen has a lot to do with it. Her apartment is as cozy as on the pictures. She gave us all the instructions we needed to enjoy our stay in her apt and in the neighborhood. It was easy to get in touch with her even if she was away when we visited.  Several subway stations are near and it’s easy to go to downtown Manhattan. We will for sure recommand Karen’s apt and we gonna keep her place into our mind if we go back to NYC.  Karens little brownstone was simply amazing. I stayed with my girlfriend during a weekend trip to Brooklyn and had a simply wonderful time. The house is not too far away from anything, yet at night it sounds more like you in the country than in Prospect Heights. Karen was the perfect host. She made herself available in case we should have needed her and was accommodating when we needed to check out a little later than 11:00am. He brownstone will definitely be the first place I look to stay when I plan my next trip to manhattan.  The house was very all kept and clean for our arrival. Karen was away during our stay, but made sure everything was in order prior to our arrival. Check-in and check out was a breeze. It was great to come back to a warm and welcoming home after a long days of running around Brooklyn and NYC. The beds were very comfortable, the location was great and the neighborhood was quiet, safe, easy walk to cultural attractions and public transportation. Additionally, we found street parking easily within a block of the apartment every day. Karen was welcoming & helpful. She was flexible and considerate about our checking in and out. Her apartment is as described in the listing and has a warm home atmosphere. The neighborhood is quiet and feels safe. Its convenient to Brooklyn & Manhattan. The bed was very comfortable & the shower is also nice. And the TV & WiFi were easy to use. We would definitely enjoy staying here again in the future!  Patrick & Carol Cox Fabulous location and great host--she was very flexible with check-in and check-out times, which helped our trip so much.  The apartment is in an old brownstone, and has lots of character and lovely decor. This is Karens home which she makes available to guests, and she stays elsewhere during the time you are there.  I had only one problem which had to do with summer heat--the living room area can get very hot on hot days, and is difficult to cool.  Sleeping is fine, as there are window units in each bedroom. This is a very charming brownstone in a unique neighborhood. The house itself is just as its presented here. Karen was an accessible, pleasant host.  great relaxed neighbourhood, family friendly, well connectd with several subways to Manhatten, perfect for Botanic Gardens and Museum (closed MOn/Tues). The apartment is very cosy and characterful and is great for four people. Karen was friendly and very helpful with al our requests. Would certainly stay again when in New York. Lovely is the perfect description for this Brooklyn brownstone apartment. Beautiful views from bay windows on opposite sides of the apartment. Carefully decorated with art, photographs, carvings and ceramics. The bed was very comfortable. The location is perfect with access to several subway lines to Manhattan. The neighborhood is absolutely charming. There are great restaurants and a craft beer bar very close by.  Karen was a welcoming host. She gave me a tour of her home and explained every detail. She prepared a packet with information about the neighborhood, important phone numbers and maps.  Karen has been very accommodating on times of arrival and departure which really helped our trip.  The apartment is lovely and just as described.  It worked very well for us - 4 adults of the same family and gave us enough space to relax and enjoy our time in Brooklyn.  The neighbourhood is excellent for exploring on foot - easy access to Botanical gardens, Prospect Park, Park Slope and other areas that are a joy to wander round.  Good eateries of all sorts - Karen gave us some good tips and we found some excellent ones ourselves.  Local Subway stations good for getting further afield.  The final evening was Halloween and the road just came alive with street parties and happy groups of small children.  A lovely community. Karens home is in a excellent location! It is a wonderful neighborhood so close to grocery stores and restaurants. Karen was attentive responded in a timely manner to any questions we had during our stay. The apartment is nice and cozy.  We didnt spend much time there, basically just slept there... We didnt cook, but it seemed to be a fully equipped kitchen.  The location is very good, safe and pretty area of Brooklyn with easy access to good restaurants, Prospect Park, etc.  Karen seems very accommodating, though we didnt ask anything of her during our stay.  She responds immediately by text if you contact her which is nice. My boyfriend and I had a great stay at Karens apartment!  Her space is relaxing and homey.  We loved the leafy view of the garden, comfortable bed, good sized kitchen, and large couches.    We are familiar with the neighborhood and chose this spot because of how centrally located it is to transportation, shopping, and the park.    Karen was not present during our stay as we rented the space as ""entire apt.""  She met with us prior to our first night and was thoughtful and communicative about showing us the space and telling us the house rules (common sense things).   Staying at Karens home was a wonderful experience. The ambiance and decoration of her beautiful home provides a wonderful place to stay and work in this Brooklyn neighborhood. Karen herself was extremely friendly,  helpful, and super responsive to any questions or requests. I would definitely recommend this to anyone wanting to stay in this neighborhood who is also looking for a great host, and an inviting home to stay. Thank you Karen!!! Appartement spacieux proche de 4 lignes de métro ce qui permet de visiter New York très facilement. Quartier résidentiel et calme. Lhôte nous a accueillis pour nous faire la visite et donner de bons conseils. Karen reste facilement joignable si besoin. Adresse à recommander. Karens lovely brownstone made the perfect home base for a visit with my daughter, who lives in the neighborhood.  The home is a lovely and comfortable space.  The location is excellent - near Prospect Park, between several different subway lines, and close to charming restaurants and pubs.  We had a wonderful time at Karens apartment exploring the neighborhood and eating at fantastic restaurants. The apartment is conveniently located close to public transportation and you can be in Manhattan fairly quickly if you so choose. But there is so much to do in family-friendly Brooklyn, you may decide to stay put and enjoy the sites and the culture! The apartment was quite cozy and comfortable for our family of four and I would definitely recommend it to family and friends! This is a beautifully appointed apartment in a fun and pleasant residential neighborhood in Brooklyn - very close to the subway, the park, and a ton of hip restaurants. Karen is really nice and very accommodating, and the lodgings pleased even my picky father. :) Karens place is in a great location in Brooklyn - central to anything you need. She communicated quickly with me about our stay and any questions I had. LOVED our stay in Brooklyn. The space was lovely, its very close to the park and great restaurants. Karen was very responsive and accommodating. I would definitely stay here again. Great place! Karen was very friendly and her place had lots of natural light. The neighborhood is wonderful. We had a great stay at Karens house, in Brooklyn New York. Its an authentic house in Brooklyn. Near public transport, nice shops in a quiet area. Either way, the energy of New York during the day, but then sleep well at night! We had a very cordial tour of the neighbor when we arrived. The house is authentic and cozy, and offers all the comforts. And Karen responds to all the questions super fast, and had great tips. @ Karen: Thank you for your hospitality! Joost The host canceled this reservation 41 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The apartment was very comfortable and clean, and Karen was a very engaged and helpful host. The location in Prospect Heights is extremely convenient to restaurants, shopping, sights (Prospect Heights, Brooklyn Library, Brooklyn Museum), and transit. The apartment is located on a quiet street with friendly neighbors. The kitchen has been updated with spacious counters and quality appliances."	1
728	We had a really nice stay at Stacies place! Its really spacious in and incredible neighborhood. Stacy was really nice and always responded really quick. I would definitely recommend this place. Lovely space in the heart of Williamsburg The location of the apartment in Williamsburg is great. There are heaps of shops, restaurants and bars nearby and the subway is just around the corner. The room itself is huge with a small private bathroom. Very comfy bed!  Only negative thing is the bar downstairs. It really is loud...every single night of the week until 4am. So bring earplugs! Stacie was always easy to reach and accommodating! This place is just perfect! :) Its perfectly located nearby the L-Train Station, in the best part of Brooklyn. We enjoyed our stay a lot - the appartment is big and the bed so cosy. We had the full privacy like in our own house. The communication was so fast and easy! We would definitly return and reccomend Stacies place. Great location and clean space.	1
729	 Aneikit was great! And I enjoyed my stay at her place. She is very prompt and the place large and clean Dear Aneikit,   Nice to live in your place with my family. Comfortable and warm (thank you again for this beautiful Christmas tree!)  Ideally located, near the park and near the subway to move very easily between Brooklyn and Manhattan.   A great pleasure also to meet you, so many good vibrations shines with your person.  Merci ! Absolutely wonderful apartment, artsy, cozy, with everything one might need already there. Short walk away from subway, lots of stores and cafes, the neighborhood is nice and safe. Highly recommend!!! Aneikit, it was a pleasure to stay in your place.     The appartment is cozy and clean. It’s located near the subway, cafés and restaurants. Aneikit is disponible and very accomodating.     I recommand this place.  Stéphanie The house was extremely clean and welcoming. There was plenty of sunlight and a spacious and well to do kitchen. It is conveniently  located to the subway station and I would definitely recommend this place to anyone. 	1
730	The host canceled this reservation 84 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 52 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Friendly, helpful host & cosy apartment The host canceled this reservation 33 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 38 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	0
731	24 hour check in was perfect as I arrived in the city late. Clear instructions, and shown to my cabin.  I dont think this should be on Air B&B mostly because its a hostel... in addition to which this was one of the WEIRDEST nights I have spent in a hostel. While its somewhat nice to have your own enclosed space, I was very aware that there were over a hundred other people sleeping in this one very large room, each in their own closet. There is also no secure lock in the downstairs common room or sleeping area and while you have a key to your sleeping space, pretty much anyone can get into the dorm and common room. There were two homeless individuals sleeping in the downstairs common room and another sorting through their things in the sleeping area. If they paid to be in the space and were a guest, then I would have no problem. However, I am VERY sure that at least the two in the common room were not guests. The furniture and decor is all very nice... but the layout is weird, there is no elevator for the many stairs, and it was just all around weird.  Really friendly gal working the desk when I first got there, comfortable bed, quite a bit hot inside but they turned the heat down when I asked in the middle of the night :) Its fairly quiet, they do provide earplugs. Clean bathrooms.  The living space was very comfortable and friendly. The staff was very helpful. I had a wonderful time! Although the room was too small, Its good location near Soho The staff is very accommodating and held luggage when I arrived early. The rooms are tiny, but I expected that when booking. This is a place to stay if you intend to explore the city as you should. The floors were quiet, but you hear noises throughout the night if you are a light sleeper.  Very good and small cabin if youre planning to hangout in the room anyways. The staff is outstanding! Really small room, bed to short, only 1 toilette and 2 showers on one floor. Definitely to expensive for what you get. Check-in and check-out worked fine. Good location The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Nice lounge and bar, but the room/bed was so small I could not stretch and the internet connection was also so slow that was useless. Good for the money tho. Great service, clean rooms, great location. I loved the neighborhood. So many wonderful places to eat outdoors including a restaurant right at the hotel. Staff was very friendly. Each morning I enjoyed coffee on the rooftop which I bought across the street at a deli. I also enjoyed a beer on the roof one night. The cabins are very basic. Just a bed and small end table and you share a bath but for the price I was willing to give up a private bath. The money I saved paid for some wonderful meals  good place to stay Great location, clean, hosts are very helpful and accommodating.  For the price, Id rather go with another airbnb. The ceilings of the cabins are exposed, hence you hear *everything* that is going on, which may make for a bad night sleep especially if you have rather frisky cabin mates around you.	0
732	This is NOT an AirBnB. It is a hostile. But it is a terribly run one. The host is making a business out of running low maintaince centres and making money from cramming 15 people in a night.   Do not recommend and regret I ever booked this place It’s very close from the subway and you can make friends Highly recommend to anyone who wants a nice place to stay and make some friends. I stayed for 10 days and saw a lot of people come in and out, and others who stayed with me the whole time. Made some friends. No problems with shared space. Enough spaces to generally have some degree of privacy. Super duper value and great location. great value If you’re the type who loves people this is the place for you! Awesome lace for a crash pad I would love to stay again in the future Cool place. Great stay!	1
733	Santiago, you were awesome.  Next to the concert, your place was the best part of the trip. It was comfortable, clean, had great amenities and conveniences. We are so grateful to you. You have better customer service than any hotel. This was the perfect place for the price. Thanks again. ~xoxo Santiago made us feel like family from the beginning and was very helpful. I recommend this amazing place and it’s one block away from train so nice and super clean. The frequent loud noise from an elevated subway less than a block from the house kept me up most of the night. I would never stay there again. Very comfortable stay and very clean.  Santiago is very responsive.  Close to the train. Santiagos place was nice. It was more or less as described and shown. I appreciated Santiagos quick response time. The pro of the train station being one block away is - theres a train station just one block away! But the flip side of that is - the noise (and New York transit operates 24 hours a day) I was tired enough to be able to sleep through the noise but light sleepers might not find it as easy. Also, one morning Santiago came knocking on my door and offered me a big bottle of apple juice! I was not expecting anything of the sort so it was a happy surprise and I thought it was really nice of him! Thanks Santiago!	0
734	I absolutely loved my stay at Shirleys! It was clean, she was helpful and attentive. It was very easy to communicate with Shirley. She is so friendly and personable! Parking was also easy to find and I could keep an eye on my car, which was a huge plus. Overall it was a very comfortable stay and I will book again (if available) when I visit Brooklyn again! The host was really welcoming and helpful. We stayed there for 2 days and everything was fine. The house is 5-10 mins walk to the nearest metro station. Cleaning was done every morning. The neighborhood might seem a little bit unsafe but it was okey. I would highly recommend shirley!! Great stay in Brooklyn !  The appartement is 10 min walk from the 4&5 train, 20 min walk from the C train.   Quiet neighborhood near Park Slope and not far from Buschwick and Williamsburg (10-15 min cab, 30 min train), the appartement is big and Shirley is very nice and available for any questions or demands. She lives right under the apartment, which allowed us to arrive late and it was not a problem for her!      Shirley est accueillante et fait en sorte d’être disponible pour faciliter l’arrivée. Elle vit sous logement qui est un appartement avec 3 chambres que pour du air bnb. Les chambres sont inégales et les photos ne montrent que la meilleure. La pièce de vie est accessible à tous mais dans un état de désordre important (des vêtements un peu partout au sol). La cuisine est vide, rien pour cuisiner, assiettes en plastique et gobelets seulement. Une forte odeur de gaz aussi peu rassurante. La propreté de la salle de bain est correcte. La propreté de la chambre moyenne, pas de couette en hiver. C’est un lieu où on a pas envie de rester, cependant l’emplacement permet de facilement se rendre au métro et en 40min on est au cœur de Manhattan. La qualité par rapport au prix est quand même peu recommandable. Vous êtes prévenus ! Best host ever! Host responds quickly and attends to your needs. Apartment is very clean and atmosphere feels like youre right at home. I do recommend Shirleys place to stay.  Shirley made our stay comfortable and her friendly, helpful attitude was much appreciated. She never hesitated to offer help for anything that she could. She is a natural host and businesswoman. The house was comfortable and had everything working. Shirley is the best cant wait until my next stay.... The space was central and easy with transportation, kept tidy by our host, and check in and check out were made very easy and flexible for us. Shirley was also very pleasant during our stay. Thanks again.  Best airbnb host, she really care for her guests. Ширли нас очень выручила, когда мы прибыли в Нью-йорк и узнали, что нашу аренду отменили без объяснения причин. Квартира находится в 5-10 минутах от метро, район достаточно спокойный для возвращения домой поздно вечером. Рядом с квартирой есть небольшой магазинчик. Единственный минус квартиры - именно в нашей комнате не было дверного замка. Shirley really helped us when we arrived in new York and learned that our lease was cancelled without explanation. The apartment is located 5-10 minutes from the metro, the area is quite relaxed to return home late in the evening. Near the apartment there is a small shop. The only disadvantage of the apartment - in our room was not the door lock.	1
735	Everything was as good as we expected it. We will come back one day if we are again at the city. We had a lovely stay. Greetings from germany     Steffi and Markus  Je nai pas eu la chance de rencontrer Dominique qui était absente. Mais jai été merveilleusement accueillie par George qui est venue me chercher à une station de métro près de lappartement. Lappartement nétant disponible quà 21h (je suis arrivée à 16h). Jai quand même pu déposer mes bagages dans lappartement. Georges ma invité à manger et ma fais faire le tour du quartier en attendant (je nai pas vu le temps passer!). Lappartement est spacieux et confortable idéal pour une personne ou un couple. Nombreux commerces à proximité et transports (bus en face de lappartement et métro à 15 minutes à pied). Malgré son absence Dominique était très disponible et joignable sur son portable. Le seule point négatif est le bruit mais bon on est à NY ! We did not meet Dominique, instead we were met by George. Both George and Dominique were quick to address any issue we encountered while on our stay. The bed is large and very comfortable.  The apartment is very adequate for a couple as well as a lone traveler. The apartment has a mini mart and coffee shops less than a 2 minute walk away. The area was very safe. Dominque was a pleasure to work with, the process was simple and the welcoming was great. She was always available by phone and returned my call/messages. While Dominque was not there we had the pleasure of working with George. They both made sure our trip was comfortable and if we had questions (since this was our first trip to NY and new to Airbnb). We had such a wonderful experience and would recommend to anyone needing a place to stay. Both Dominique and George were very kind, welcoming, and engaging as hosts. They were sure to periodically check in with me to make sure that I was comfortable in the space (and in New York at large) and to address any issues that I might have.  The apartment is just as it is described in the listing and as pictured. I was pleasantly surprised by how relatively quiet the neighborhood and building were (you dont find that everywhere in NYC). There are plenty of bus lines nearby as well as the 2/5 train. And a Target (and other shopping options) is down the street which was a convenient bonus. Its a great choice for a visit to Brooklyn. We dont have a good experience. We arrive to flat about 7pm and flat wasnt ready. The bedding was still in wash, flat wasnt clean at all. We have to wait another 30min.for bedding get washed. It wasnt very nice when they know we should be there about 4pm. Dominique send person to clean but arrive about 2hours later when we already sleep after  15hours traveling. We didnt have good feeling about the area but we get used it and its safe.   Träffade aldrig Dominique men hon fanns alltid tillgänglig via telefon och var otroligt lyhörd och mån om att hjälpa mig och min pojkvän få den ultimata upplevelsen. Allan var den vi träffade vid incheckning och han var otroligt hjälpsam med alla frågor vi hade, också han var väldigt mån om att vi skulle höra av oss om vi hade frågor eller om ngt hände på vår vistelse som vi behövde hjälp med. Boendet hade allt en behövde. Lägenheten ligger 10-15 minuters promenad till närmaste tunnelbana.  Dominique was away so I was met by George who picked me up from the airport with his private car service. He was very welcoming and friendly. The space was in a good location and it was easy to get around and see the sights. It was clean and tidy, the only thing was I didnt find the bed very comfortable. But otherwise it was a great experience. Cest Georges qui nous a accueilli et qui nous a accompagné à laéroport pour repartir. Il a été super et parle très bien le français.  Logement fidèle à la description, propre et bien équipé.   Great place, very clean and full of amenities. 1 hour from Manhattan.    Dominique was really helpful and let us stay longer time than usual check out to mert our needs.    Highly reccommended! It is great apartment in Brooklyn. It is affordable and close to Starbucks and small stores. We could even eat Dominiques food. Very clean place. I would recommend it. Unfortuntelly we didnt get to meet Dominique but we met Allen, her assistance. We really did enjoy our stay in her place and especially all the very close transportation that made it very easy to explore not only the neighborhood but other places around that were very interesting. Regarding the apartement, the bed was comfortable and all what you need was just around you and easily to find. The only thing was when booking the place I didnt realize that the living area and the bedroom was the same place. Basically where you sleep is where you spend the day all in one bed room (no living area). Other than that, we faced the roaches and tiny cockroaches problem. Unfortunately, Dominique said that I am to blame that I didnt contact her to find me a solution right away, Yet I talked to Allen thinking he would refer to Dominique before he took an action. However, he didnt (his action was a little late but thats because he is busy and sometimes had problems with his phone which is understandable) and as of my understanding from Dominique that he came sprayed and applied a powder that she wouldnt recommended because of it not being environmentally friendly. The roaches made our stay uncomfortable but I really did hope that I would have contacted Dominique right away and immediately as she told me. My last talk to Dominique was that she was willing to do something; however; I couldnt take the risk of actually making her do something like send a cleaning service, and then me not liking to stay again. It wouldnt have been fair. As well, some nights you might hear a little bit of loud music and bunch of people (for us was a little disturbing but if you enjoy the drums and guitar then you should actually like it). Finally, when I asked Dominique to check out a little bit late, she was totally fine which did help us a lot. Very much appreciated! Other than anything else, it was a pleasure to stay and get to know Dominique and Allen.  I stayed at Dominiques place for 2 weeks and I had a great time. The neighborhood was good, host was very welcoming and responsive. By far the best Airbnb experience Ive ever had and I would definitely stay here again! Dominique and Allan were great. Very receptive and available for anything I needed. Location was great. Not a far walk to lots of shopping and restaurants. Thanks for Dominique and Allan was really helpful  and can reach by just phone call to solve any problem or answer any questions .its save and quite  clean and very close from buss station i would like to stay again  Unfortunately we didnt get to meet Dominique but we met Allan. Very receptive and helpful, he was available for anything we needed. It took us 15 min walking to 2 and 5 trains and Target, 10 minutes at the bus to Q train, playground in 2 blocks from apartment. Nice area, but sometimes noisy in the evening. Have stayed qt Dominiques multiple times and all have been great experiences. The place is very clean and spacious.  This is the perfect apartament,quail neighborhood,was very clean,very comfortable,only the bed make a noise. The heater was good,i have enjoyed stay in home with short sleave . The comunication was very good,perfect experience,and i was with baby 14 month ols and was perfect house A good value in a cozy & comfortable apartment with a quick walk to the bus just a block away. Although I didnt get a chance to meet Dominique, her friend George was readily available and checked on me frequently. He was a gracious & friendly host. Id definitely stay here again. Dominique is such a great host! So friendly and welcoming! We absolutely loved it at her place. The apartment is quite large, and we definitely had everything we needed if not more. It is located in the middle of Brooklyn, accessible to buses right outside, multiple stores and coffee shops. We did not want to leave how pleased we were with the stay! Highest recommendations to this host. Thank you sooo much!	1
736	Great place, in the heart of Harlem. The apartment looks just like the pictures and was really clean. Alicia was very nice and helpful. We would definitely stay there again Great host, perfect communication, nice place, clean and good location. We really enjoyed our stay and would always come back. Alicia is honest and on point, the communication with Alicia has been the best I’ve had so far with Airbnb! The place was clean and in perfect location for your every need in New York City!! I highly recommend and will be staying again myself! Great host! I was stuck in the elevator twice for over an hour, there was continuous construction on the building, no rest was possible with the noise. The area is ok, and the room is ok, but my God. Everything else has a problem, the wifi, the cable, the remotes. #wouldnotgoback Cerca al metro Alicia is the nicest host and person! She really did her best to accommodate us, and the warm welcome (she even stayed waiting for our flight delay) was what we needed in that cold day. The place is cozy and very conveniently located close to the metro. Thanks! Nice location near plenty of shops and the subway. Great host. Got everything we needed.	0
737	The stay at Massys place was really nice and she has a very nice apartment. In case I had any questions she was very prompt in answering them. If I would need to stay in the city I would definitely return and stay with Massy if she would be available  Massy was very communicative and accommodating even before I arrived, and worked with me for my check in as well as check out. She is warm and laid back. Apartment is nice, clean and comfortable, with full access to kitchen and common living area. Conveniently located a few blocks from both the A/C and G lines and near all the food and shopping of Nostrand and Bedford avenues. Massy was a great host. Would love to stay at her place again. Her place is clean and neat. We had a great time at Massys Place – she was a good host and communication was very good. The place was really good and confortable for two. Room was exactly as described. Perfect if you dont plan on being in the room too much. Massey was very responsive and helpful. Would definitely recommend as long as all you need is a small room to sleep in.  Massy made us feel very welcome and went out of her way to make sure we had a comfortable stay. Thanks Massy! The place is nice, in a good position and close to the subway. It is cheap but it is fair the price so dont expect too much l. It is good if you want to use the place only as a place to sleep at night. Recommended for young people who dont need too many amenities. The host is really nice, she could improve the service a bit, but shes been immediately available to fix the problems that happened during our stay. The place is cozy and the area is really nice. The place is awesome, clean and Massy is great to make adjustments. Highly recommended! I really enjoyed my time there. She was very available Good! Had a great stay; everything was as described. Close walk to the G train. Massy was very friendly, accommodating and responsive. Would recommend for someone looking for a place to stay while exploring the city. The host canceled this reservation 32 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The place is ok, close to the subway station. But the wifi doesnt work really good. Good access to the subway in BK. This ones not for everyone but if you want to save some money and be close to the city then its a good option.  we didn t meet Massy but she always answered super fast and was kind and friendly..our flight was at night and we were allowed to leave our baggage in the apartment till the evening..that was really helpfull for us! we also could check out later without extra charges! the room was tidy and clean but the bathroom and the kitchen weren t that clean..:( there were 2 roommates and the one next to our room was smoking some staff so the apartment was smelling weard! the also didnt care about the other roommates and were a bit loud also at night so we couldn t fall asleep easily. we could also hear the neighbors from above! the apartment was easily to find and only 5 walking distance from the subway! to manhattan it was 20 ! the neighborhood was ok and not that loud! u could walk around at night and noone bothered you! i would stay there again for a couple of nights..:) We stayed for a week at Massys place. Although we did not meet her in person whenever we needed something she replied instantly. The place is good for the price. Die Unterkunft war einigermaßen Sauber, dies kann man jedoch nicht mit Deutschland vergleichen. Wir hatten die Möglichkeit die Küche zu nutzen. Die Klimaanlage war auch sehr gut. Der Boden war etwas dreckig und das Toilettenpapier war leer somit mussten wir selbst welches kaufen. Draußen war es oft laut. Check in hat gut geklappt und war flexibel.  In general there were several issues; you are using 1 bdrm in a 3 bdrm apartment. There were no towels when I arrived and the cleanliness is of great concern The room is so much good. Big comfortable bad, clean floor, nice air-con. Considering the affordable price, this is one of the most cost-efficient place in Brooklyn.  Great staying with Massy, she was super accommodating when my flight got delayed and waited up for me. Thank you! Massy is a great host. She was there for me whenever I had any questions or concerns. Thank you Massy! We didnt meet Massy, but talked to her by email and she looked very kind, however the house didnt meet our expectations. The sheets looked clean and we get clean towels when we arrived, but the rest of the room was full of other people stuffs(empty shoe boxes, dirty clothes, a dryer, lacasito on the floor). The restroom was pretty shabby and wasnt cleaned during the 6 six days we spent there. On the other side, we had the impression that we would share the house just with Massy, however the 4th day new guests arrived so we had to share the restroom with 5 other people. I wouldnt be back there. I think it worthy to spend little more money for other place. Its a good location. Close to JFK airport and Manhattan. Massy responds fast.   Place was not as expected. Was dirty when we arrived. We at least expected it to be clean. The floor was dirty, dishes everywhere and the bathroom was dirty. So it was not very welcoming.   Also place is shared. There are two other rooms that are rented with each about 2/3 people. This means youll be sharing everything with a lot of people. We left two days early. The apartment was not clean, we were sharing with other guests which we were not aware of (3 bedroom; although the other guests were very nice), and the neighbor was very aggressive to us to the point that we had to call the police. I would not stay here. - I stood in her home for one night - she stood up waiting for me. My room smelled good and was clean. She rents another room out only. The shared space which is the kitchen and bathroom were extremely clean. I will come back to her place again because it’s close to the train and it’s so cheap the price for the night Pros 1. You can get to Manhattan and Williamsburg easily. 2. Massy answers fast.  Cons 1. This area doesn’t look at all secure. I recommend nest guests to go back home earlier unless you use door to door transportation like Uber. 2. Dusty room. 3. Dusty bathroom. 4. Three rooms share one bathroom.  5. Weekend was noisy. Loud club music was going around whole night time during weekend. Massy her appartment is a good place to stay and she answers very quick! We did not meet Massy in person but she leaves good instructions Great place to stay. The room has the minimum, the heating of the house is noisy and the wifi is very slow in the room. But you can cook in the kitchen, it’s clean overall and the neighbourhood is totally safe, multicultural, very interesting and the public transportation is good. For us who were visiting all day long, the apartment was functionnal and a place where you can rest.	0
738	"The host canceled this reservation 55 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. We had a great stay at Mollys place! Excellent location, super comfortable, great amenities, easy communications. We used the gym in the building and enjoyed the view from the rooftop lounge one evening. Wed stay again for sure. Great stay, thank you.  Great location and firm bed. We had a very nice stay. Thanks! Great place. Very easy to check-in and out. Even though I never met Aurea, she was very helpful when I did contact her about any questions. There were a couple little markets around the corner that were very convenient. Overall it is a nice neighborhood. More quiet and family friendly. We would definitely consider staying in this location again. Staying at Aureas place was the perfect spot for me! I was enough uptown so that I was away from the noise, yet close enough to be 5-8 minutes to Columbus circle and Midtown. Its super quaint and enjoyed the fold up bed. Getting in and out was super easy. I can easily see myself staying here again in the future.  Aurea was super available during our stay, although we didnt need anything - the apartment had toiletries, linens, etc.   Its a great residential location, close to the park in a quiet building.  I recommend it for anyone who is looking to explore the upper west side. Erikas place is minimal but conveniently close to everything. I wrote it all above.  Print it if you wish. For the most part the place was fantastic. Great location, close to the park and public transportation, and the roof deck was awesome. However the pictures in the listing did not reflect the place we walked into. We largely book based on pictures and the overall feeling and aesthetic they depict, so to arrive at an apartment that didnt look like what we were shown and expected was disappointing. It wasnt the cleanest place, kinda dusty and the toilet needed to be scrubbed, but to be fair Im pretty clean person and probably have high standards.  Overall we had the best time in NYC and it was nice to have a good spot to head back to every night. We enjoyed our time here....close to the subway and nice apartment with easy check in/out. I was disappointed with condition of place when I arrived.  It did not appear to have been cleaned before I arrived.  Floor and sink dirty, garbage filled to brim and not clear which, if any, were the clean linens. Erika""s place was very centrally located. Close to transit, Central park, and beautiful back streets for strolling. Cafe is across the street with a decent pation for morning people watching. Downstairs concierge are helpful. Erika was great at returning messages and addressing concerns. Oh, and the rooftop views! Stellar at day or night.  The apartment is very well located, in a friendly neighbourhood.  But there is no free access to the internet! There is no television, nor radio, nor coffeemaker. (Fortunately there are two Starbucks and a kiosk just around the corner!). In fact there is very little difference between this apartment and a hotel. The flat is well located and communication with Erika was quick and efficient. The flat lacks some amenities, like sufficient cutlery and was initially a bit dusty. We missed having WiFi too. However, it is a good price for the area. This is a very nice apartment in a great location. I would like to underscore that the apartment is very small, perhaps too small for two normal size adults to stay in comfortably. There was not a lot of information left inside regarding air condition use and wifi. There was also no coffee pot. These may seem like small details, but ive found that some general information and basic amenities (hair dryer and coffee pot) are standard in other airbnbs in the area.  The photos are from the buildings website, not of this apartment. The furnishings and decor are NOT at all what is shown in the photos. We would not stay here again. The building and area are nice, the rooftop terrace was superb. Overall this was a tremendous let down as the apartment was less than expected.  Great location and amenities (fitness, rooftop terrace, lobby). The apartment can need some more tidying-up and cleaning. Erikas place was in an amazing location and in a safe building on the upper west side. It was close to public transportation, Central Park and many amazing restaurants. The space itself was clean, comfortable and the rooftop patio had an incredible view of the city. The check-In/out process was easy and Erika was great to communicate with. I would definitely stay here again.  Great location. Great neighborhood. Close to the park and museums. Easy to catch a train anywhere else. Check in very easy. Will be staying here again. The host canceled this reservation 11 days before arrival. This is an automated posting."	0
739	Hello there... Kevin was super nice, he waited for us to com early in the morning. He explaned everything and gave us some recomendations. The apartment was clean and confortable. Very well located, just 4 blocks from subway station, right at the hart of Hells Kitchen. Also close to Columbus Circle, Time Square, or Herald Plaza. Lots of restaurants to go within the area. We had an excellent time there. Highly recomended! Kevin is very helpful, nice, and responsive. His place is nice, tidy, organized, and comfortable. Location is perfect! Right in the middle of anywhere. The apartment is on the first floor, so, so no narrow stairs to carry luggages. Sometimes, it can be a little loud due to traffic outside the room. Overall, my boss and I were very happy!  Kevin is a wonderful host and his apartment was perfect for our needs. Whenever I needed to contact him he responded immediately. His apartment was everything he said it would be and we felt so welcome and at home it was hard to leave. If his place is available when we come back to the city we will definitely stay there again. Thank you, Kevin, for making a wonderful trip perfect.  Kevin as a host, responsive and nice. There were some unfortunate incidents which were as follows: 1. This apartment has 2 beds but it is NOT a 2 bed rooms apartment. One bed is within the living room divided by a curtain.   2. There were no hot water in the shower after a day of stay. No fix were possible due to some whole building problem (this was the reason I told).   The above reasons caused me to leave the apartment 2 days earlier than planned and had to find immediate solution which ended up with much higher cost than originally planned.   Kevins place was not only adorable and comfortable but convenient and perfectly located - we were able to walk everywhere we needed. He was very easy to contact with questions and was very helpful and communicative. I would recommend Kevins place.  THIS IS A 10 STAR PLACE!!!  Best location for: Times square Musicals  Walking to central park Walking to high line Walking to taxi boat Rockefeller  Great restaurants on 9th AV.   The apartment: GREAT BEDS!!! Nespresso Good airco Big fridge Great bathroom  Contact: Kevin is just the best! Very friendly and helpfull.   Is you wanne stay in New York and Kevins place is available....BOOK IT, because youre lucky if its available.   Will I come back? Hell (kitchen) yeah!!!  Kevin, Thank you s (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) much!!  Paul   Kevin was great, super responsive and flexible. Place is great, small but full of everything youd want. Actually has a pull out couch in addition to the 2 beds - which are both super comfy. Also its pretty quiet given how central the location is - unusual in NY. This trip was awesome! One of the nicest, most accommodating people in the city! I loved staying at Kevins place because of how much bang for your buck you get. This apartment is surprisingly really big!! Very chill spot to stay in New York.  The location and price are unbeatable. We had such a great time and were very pleased with the overall stay. We will stay here again if we ever come back! Kevin was a great host!!  Lappartement est très bien situé, très propre. Kevin est très disponible. A 10 min a pied de Time Square avec des bars et restaurants a deux pas la rue est néanmoins calme la nuit. Super séjour idéalement placé. Ha sigut una estada fantàstica. En Kevin és superatent. La localització ès molt bona, en 15 minuts ets a Times square caminant. Molt recomanable.  Nice host, great location, we were 4 and we had appropriate space. It can be a bit noisy at night because it  is on the ground floor, but its NY, if you want quiet you dont stay in Manhattan! Kevin is really reactive and communication is easy. His place has everything you need for a great stay :) Location is the best thing about Kevins place. Good for either short or longer stay (I stayed there for 2 weeks and its so convenient). Close to main tourist attractions and easy for public transport. Also, his apartment is on the first floor so you dont have to lift your bags up and down. Check in and check out was so easy too. Thanks again :)	1
740	Everything was perfect. The place had loads of charm and has a fantastic location. The patio was really nice and rare I think for this area. Highly recommended! Lovely space with good facilities and excellent location. We will book again!   Thank you! Ich habe Martas Wohnung für 4 Nächte gemietet. Die Wohnung entspricht völlig die Beschreibung und Photos der Inserat. Ich war etwa zwei Stunden verspätet, so niemand war da.Ich habe sofort telefoniert und innert ein Paar Minuten war Marta da. Eine charmante junge Frau, die erklärt habe wie Küche, Bad und WiFi funktioniere. Sowieso hat sie auch ein informatives Heft mit alle notwendigen Auskünfte über die Wohnung und die Umgebung hinterlassen.  Wir waren zu Dritt, meinen Mann und meine Schwester kamen etwas später. Das Bett im Schlafzimmer war sehr bequem, auch wenn zwei extrem hohe Matrazen aufeinander lagen. Zwei Luftmatratzen im Wohnzimmer waren da für die dritte Person. Meine Schwester hat die Sofa vorgetragen um am Abend und Morgen Platz zu sparen. Die Wohnung war sauber, treppeneingang unten könnte besser sein. Wir fühlten uns immer sicher (Website hidden by Airbnb)   Wir waren nicht in NY um in der Wohnung herumzusitzen und haben da nur gefrühstückt und geschlafen. Der Lage, drei  bis vier Minuten von Union Square haben wir bewusst gewählt um in einem lebendige (Website hidden by Airbnb) Quartier zu sein, auch so war die Wohnung sehr ruhig in einer Nebenstraße gelegen. Von der Wohnung haben wir zu Fuß oder mit Metro, Manhattan und alle wichtige Sehenswürdigkeiten besucht. Im ganzem waren wir mit der Wohnung zufrieden, wir haben gekriegt was wir bestellt haben. Marta and her hubby were so fantastic! Everything was perfect. --- wish I could do the long weekend all over again! they were on time, the apt was clean and they were very responsive for any questions we had. I would recommend staying there for sure! ♡ Martas place was exactly as described, very central and moments from the subway, Greenwich Village, but on a quiet street with a wonderful balcony and a well-stocked fridge. Faultless communications - so many suggestions of places to visit and eat - and clean, tidy and perfect for our stay. Would definitely recommend and stay again. Thanks! Tom Marta gave us great directions to find the apartment and it was easy to connect once we were there to get in. She left a lot of terrific recommendations for everything from restaurants to activities. The apartment was clean and exactly as described. The neighborhood is nice and it is close to the subway. We would gladly return for another visit. Marta was a wonderful host and very responsive to questions from the start to the end of the trip.  The apartment made for a very comfortable stay and was conveniently located near great restaurants and city landmarks.  There is also numerous subway lines nearby making it easy to get around.  I would definitely recommend Marta as a host and look forward to staying here again in the future!  Thanks for a great trip.   The host canceled this reservation 31 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. This apartment was way cozier than it looks in the photos. Marta was super helpful while the apartment has everything you need for a short or a week-long stay in NY. Located just south of Union Square, it is a great starting point to move around Manhattan or just a couple of subway stops to Brooklyn.    Since my visit was of a business nature I really appreciated a good quality bed and a fairly quiet surrounding. Met a couple of neighbors in the house too that were all super friendly.     Definitely a place I would recommend for an individual or a couple visiting NY and looking for a cozy stay. Perfect location!  We had a group of 3 of us needing to stay in the Greenwich Village area & Martas place was just perfect.  Also - she had such a helpful list of places to go nearby which we found so useful.  Were looking forward to coming back! Marta was very accommodating and greeted us early in the morning after a redeye flight. The apartment was great; really cute and quirky (in a good way)! The bed was really comfortable and after walking all day we slept well each night. We stayed a week and loved being so close to so many great restaurants, sights, and the subway. Marta left a fantastic list of hints and tips. We wish we could have stayed longer.  Un appartement typiquement NY idéalement situé très cosy et Marta a été très accueillante et gentille par msg interposés, chaque détails pratiques étant bien rodés.  The location is perfect, close to union square and subway. Marta was very helpful and always replied to me immediately. The house is clean and cozy and had everything we need. Best airbnb experience!!! Marta met us at the apartment, showed us around and answered all our questions.  She gave us information about restaurants, shopping, and places of interest in the area.  She helped us understand subway and bus transportation as well.  The location of her apartment was perfect for us, as we were visiting family right in the same block.  We are looking forward to future visits, and hope to stay with Marta again!   We spent a all week in the Marta flat. The building is very quiete, the street can be quite noisy even it s not an avenue,  but normal for a city like NY. The flat is as describe, a bit dark but balanced by the balcony very appreciate for breakfast or take a drink. I think it s a good rate regarding the surface and the location. 3min from union square is very convenient regarding the subway hub allowing you to be wherever in Manhattan in less than 30 min.  By foot in 10 min your are in a middle of Greenwich or st Mark street area. These 2 places are among the most charming in NY !   Marta has provide good advices for restaurants close to the flat. Try the Cuba on Thompson street is excellent and good vibes. So we recommend warmly the Martas flat. Marta was a great host - very responsive to all our queries and accommodating for our flight times. The apartment is located in an ideal spot in Greenwich Village, close to numerous bars/restaurants. Would love to stay here again. Thanks so much Marta! We had an amazing experience staying at Martas apartment.   The apartment was exactly as described - cool exposed brickwork, well equipped kitchen, comfy bed, great balcony for soaking up the NYC        vibes and spacious for such a prime location. Oh and laundry facilities - which was great for a longer stay like ours.  Communication with Marta was excellent. Although we didnt meet in person the key pick up was easy and she was always just a message away with any of our queries about the apartment or NYC in general.  The best part is the location! Right in the heart of Manhattan surrounded by cools shops, restaurants and bars. Just a quick walk to Union Square and the subway station giving you easy access to the rest of Manhattan. Plus so many great places just within walking distance.   Our stay in NYC was fantastic thanks to Marta and her wonderful apartment. We would certainly stay again if we eve make it back to this amazing city. Marta was exactly what Ive learned is needed in an AirBNB host: promptly responsive and helpful. I was looking for a place to give me a flavor of living in Greewich Village. And I found it. Highly recommended. My best airbnb experience ever. Great location and apartment, and fantastic host, what more could you ask for? Martas place is in one of the most convenient spots in Manhattan. You can quickly get anywhere from Union Square, and her apartment is right there. Communication was excellent, check-in was easy, and Marta worked with me to make sure my last-minute booking went down without a hitch. Recommended. Martas place is one of the best places that Ive stayed. We spent 5 days in NY and we couldnt imagine a better located apartment. The place was clean, comfortable, cozy and beautiful. We really enjoyed our time there and Marta was available all the time. She is so nice and has a lot of useful recommendations about things to do in the city, place to visit or good restaurants in the neighborhood etc. Definitely I will go back!! I strong recommend this apartment :) Marta is very nice to help us check in the house. Easy to communicate. Check in & out are super easy. The location is awesome. Very closed to Union Square. There are many restaurants and cafe nearby. The house is very clean. We had a great time in Marta house. Highly recommend! The host canceled this reservation 39 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. We had an amazing stay at Martas apartment and Marta was fantastic to deal with right from the start.  She is extremely friendly with a quick response to questions we raised before we booked.  The apartment is exactly as pictured with a good amount of room, kitchen with everything you would need, queen sized bed, clean and spacious bathroom (with some toiletries supplied), the lift was handy, laundry facilities (we didnt use them but they are in the building), reliable wifi, clean towels and linen, air-conditioning in both the lounge and bedroom and a lovely balcony area.  The location was fantastic and a short walk to the subway and plenty of restaurants, bars and shopping.  Marta left us with a very detailed list of places to try in both the local area and greater NYC and we enjoyed every suggestion that we tried.  Its the perfect spot to explore the city and we felt right at home for the 2 weeks we stayed.  The apartment does face the street and was at times noisy, however, we did not find it difficult to sleep at all.  We would definitely stay here again!	1
741	Best place and best person... Terrific! Very convenient and comfortable! Host was the BEST! Great Place, Great Environment,  Great Host...There is Nkthing beter The host canceled this reservation 4 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Buena opción en sentido precio-calidad. Mala ubicación, no por la distancia, por el barrio. You will never find a friendlier host, Eileen went above and beyond to make sure me and my best friend had a comfortable stay. The house has all the essentials, and is close to 3 metro stations. What else do you need?? Highly recommend! The apartment is almost at the new building so everything looked very nice and clean. Eileen got everything ready for us and was easy communication with her. She even offered us a laundry on the top floor of the building with all supplements for free. The place has location at the heard of Harlem with very unique way of free expression of their own people. Some people can have problem to understand it but I loved it a lot. (This is real part of NY-style that is still preserving over there) From the apartment there is easy access to the metro station (5 min. walk) and with the express train just 10 min. ride to Central Park. good room, communicative host she will answer on all your questions. Great conditions and close to Central Park Huésped realmente atenta. El departamento está muy bien ubicado cerca de líneas de metro y camión. El dpto es espacioso, limpio y muy bien equipado. Todo muy bien, sin ninguna queja posible! We stayed for almost 2 weeks at Eileens place and it was amazing. The apartment is really good, everything was organized, we used the kitchen. Eileen is very helpful and always offering support, help. The location is good, we had 3 options of line (subway) to get and sometimes we took the subway really late during the night without problems. It has a train station really close too (125st station), a lot of uber, lyfts, cabs work in this area all the time so it did not take so long if you need one. I really recommend Eileens place, the price is really good and its hard to find something in Manhattan for the same price. Thanks for everything Eileen!!! Abbiamo soggiornato una settimana nell appartamento di Eileen e ci siamo trovati benissimo! La zona è tranquilla ma a poche fermate di metro dal centro. La casa e’ pulita e spaziosa dotata di ogni confort ! Grazie mille ad Eileen per la sua disponibilità e simpatia. Lo consiglio vivamente! If I could give eileen and her place 10 stars I would ! Before even meeting her she was so helpful to us and allowed us to check in early. Her place was spotless , everything was brand new and impeccable . From the bed to the. Bathroom , you can tell that eileen is a very clean and honest person.The building itself was very secure and clean and we were in and out with ease ! Eileen was there to meet us and explained to us everything we needed to know . She also went to extra mile and provided us with a full fridge of food and drink which was not necessary but was sooo thoughtful of her !  She even provided us with free laundry ! The neighbourhood was great , very convenient to explore historical Harlem ! It was a real New York experience and Eileen made it much better ! We would highly recommend Eileens place , she is easily one of the best Airbnb hosts we have ever experienced and deserves To be a super host! We would 100 % return to her place when we go back to NYC ! Thanks for everything Eileen ! You made our vacation extra special !   Farhana and Layla Excellent place. The host made our stay in the city perfect. Highly recommend this place to everyone. Eileens place is a Beautiful one bed room home, just right for me and My boyfriend. Eileen was very welcoming. She even had a kitchen full of different types of complimentary food! I Just Loved it and I wouldnt book anywhere else ever again, well as long as shes available to book lol. Thank You Eileen! Le logement dEileen est trés propre, accessible et sécure. Eileen est une excellente hote, disponible, réactive et prête à aider. Nous recommandons vivement son logement! This is a great apartment. It’s big, especially for NY, and everything is very clean and new.  It’s also quiet and you will have plenty of privacy.  Eileen is a great host, and was very flexible on check in time.  I will definitely stay here again next time I visit!	1
742	"Velma and her husband were very nice people. They were personable and gracious upon our arrival. They cleaned the apartment well and even left a pack n play upon my request for my son, free of charge.    As for the apartment we were disappointed. We didnt feel it was ""elegant"" in any way nor was it as nice as described in their ad.   The updates done to the apartment were not done well and possibly not up to code. The second bedroom was a joke and to be honest no one would sleep in it and my mother and father in law spent four nights sleeping on the couch instead. This was not fun. The bathroom was not good. We also saw mice on our last night there. Overall this was not a good experience.  I feel bad leaving negative feedback because the hosts were so nice. But I have to be honest and this is the most polite way to put it. This definitely wasnt worth the price we would have rather crammed into a one room hotel.    We were a party of four people visiting in september. We liked the authentic brownstone feel of the appartment, it was nice and bright when the sun came in the living room. The beds were very comfy, but the sofa bed seemed a little worn, and the sofa itself worked better as a bed (for one). The kitchen was nice and social! The neighbourhood was also good, people were greeting us and often asked if we needed help with directions. There are two subway stations nearby, one bound for Manhattan and the other one for Williamsburg and Queens. This was perfect for us! All in all we were superhappy with our stay and Velma was a really great host!  Velma was a great host, she made my group of six feel very welcome. The area was nice and quiet not much foot traffic. Its about a 15 minute walk to the A/C or G train which isnt too bad. The neighbors were all really friendly as well. The apartment suited our needs perfectly and I would definitely book again.  We had a very warm welcome by Velma and her husband who were easy to reach and very helpful. The apartment is in a friendly neighborhood, about 5-10 min walks to the C-train station that takes you to Manhattan in about 20 minutes.   The apartment is very warm and roomy. Excellent beds, kitchen and living room. Super clean bedlinnen and towels etc. A perfect place to rest after a busy day of sight seeing.  Taking care of an older building is always a work in progress, the renovation of the bathroom is a bit clumsy, but we also noticed the love Velma and her husband are putting into the work.  We would certainly stay here again.   Velma e Stephen sono molto disponibili e gentili, lappartamento è carino, luminoso e funzionale. La zona è caratteristica,  multietnica e al i fuori della confusione del centro. Great host! Would stay here again in the future :)  The apartment was exactly as described. The bedrooms were ok and the apartment is generally nice, as the neighborood. Velma and her husband were really nice and helpful, answering quickly when needed. The place was cleaned and almost everything was available.    The subway is a 10 minutes walk (C line) which goes to Manhattan quite quickly. At 15 minutes walk there is also a whole food store for general food and supplies. Brooklyn is really nice and we highly recommend it. We had a lovely time in this apartment. Velma is a great and helpful host. Lots of little gems around the local area as well. Would definitely recommend. Thanks Velma! Great neighborhood, easy access to transport and groceries. Safe to walk around and friendly community. Velma responded quickly to our queries and is an easy going person. The property is clean and comfortable, there are some minor renovations underway.  It was overall a positive experience.  We spent four very enjoyable weeks in Velmas nice and spacious apartment. The neighborhood was very exciting, with nice coffe shops, bars, restaurants and parks. Subway and buses to other parts of the city were within easy reach. Contact with Velma was always pleasant and without problems. We had a fantastic stay in Brooklyn.    Velma is an exceptional host. She met with us at check-in and provided necessary information such as the closest subway and bus stops and their destinations, grocery stores, parking and interesting local attractions. Upon arrival, Velma also provided a complete tour of the apartment, which was beautiful and very comfortable for our family of four. The photos do not do the apartment justice - it is much bigger than it appears. The furniture is gorgeous - much thought and time has been put into this place.    We loved Brooklyn and will definitely be back in the very near future. Velma was a fantastic host and we enjoyed our stay. It was a perfect location to experience New York in a great neighborhood.  Velma is a great host. She is very responsive, approachable and organized. The apartment is very nice and clean. Its location is very convenient. The area also is beautiful and safe. Velma was always very attentive to your needs good hostess. The house is comfortable and has a good location near the metro and the neighborhood very positively surprised us. There are several supermarkets nearby and a good atmosphere  cafes and a trendy restaurant. We thank Velma all his attentions. A perfectly placed apartment in Brooklyn, with great public transport links to everywhere (10 minutes walk to 2 different subway lines was a great help when getting about). The apartment was clean, stylish and in a great neighbourhood. Velma and Steve were great hosts, offering good suggestions for local stuff to do, and even turned out at nearly midnight to greet us after a holdup at the airport. Everything we needed was provided (towels, wifi, spare key) and the whole experience was a thoroughly pleasant one. Would definitely recommend! :) Velma was a welcoming and gracious host. She met us at the door as we arrived with our bags after a long flight. She was understanding of our need of an hour of down time before we started exploring the city and was flexible with our check in arrangements.    The Bed-Stuy neighbourhood was friendly and welcoming. One of my favourite parts of the trip was the early morning walks with my husband before ending up at a quaint little coffee shop just around the corner from the BnB. We felt safe (the energy you get is the energy you put out) and had several lovely conversations with locals from the neighbourhood.     The BnB is a few short blocks from the C train which took us everywhere we wanted to go. There are neighbourhood convenience stores almost every block and a couple of larger supermarkets within the same radius. We also enjoyed eating at a couple fantastic little restaurants within a block or two of the place.     We would definitely consider staying with Velma in Brooklyn again.   Nous avons été un peu surpris en arrivant par létat de lappartement qui ne correspondait pas vraiment à ce que nous avions imaginé par rapport aux photos plutôt flatteuses.  Il aurait besoin dun bon coup de restauration, surtout au niveau de la salle de bain! La cuisine est aussi mal équipée et les plaques mettent des heures à chauffer. Le chauffage est très bruyant (!) et surprenant.  Nous avons eu des soucis de plomberie (baignoire bouchée puis WC !) mais nos hôtes ont toujours répondu très rapidement pour solutionner le problème dans les meilleurs délais.    Lappartement est grand et clair. Il est bien pour 4 par contre, vu létat de la salle de bain, je ne le recommanderai pas pour 6.  A noter un point très positif : le lit de la chambre principale est excellent !    Velma et son mari sont très accueillants, gentils et disposés. Les restos indiqués par Velma sont top. Ils nous ont donné de bons conseils.  Notre séjour sest plutôt bien déroulé malgré tous nos tracas et le quartier est certes populaire mais tranquille et sympathique.     Adresse un peu chère par rapport aux prestations et à léloignement, mais si les arrangements nécessaires sont effectués, alors je pourrais recommander cette adresse.              Great place, wonderfull host. Our family of five from Perth, Western Australia spent 7 nights staying in Velmas Brooklyn Apartment. It was in a great location and very close to the Subway and Foodtown grocery store. We felt very comfortable and safe walking around the neighbour at night. The apartment was clean and comfortable with all the amenities needed. Velma was very helpful with suggestions on what to see and do in Brooklyn. We would definitely stay again. The apartment was nice to retreat back to after the hustle and bustle of New York. Thank you again Velma Velma and family were all very helpful and friendly upon arrival and during our stay, the house definitely did the job and seemed quite easy to get to, there were some good restaurants and bars close by which helped also.  Velma was a very nice and helpful host, she accommodated us at kind of late notice. She gave us lots of helpful advice for getting around and local places. The apartment is very nice and rustic, we instantly felt at home, its a 10mins walk to the subway to manhattan! Overall very satisfied We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Velmas place. Lucky for us that there was a minor sink leak prior to our arrival and we got to meet her husband, Steve who was just finishing up. Together they totally made us feel like we had known them for years and we immediately knew we were gonna love our new home away from home. The apartment was perfectly fine for our needs. Good comfortable beds, plenty of room to relax, and a small efficient bathroom with plenty of hot water. We were a short pleasant walk to the subway stop and the neighborhood was alive and everyone seemed friendly and just proud and happy to live there.   Velma provided a sheet with local restaurants coffee shops, and grocery store. We found everthing with ease and   When we needed something like, extra hangers, or a spare set of keys( our adult son was traveling separate from us but staying a few nights) no problem, she promptly got em to us right away.   The bedrooms are well apart, so this place works perfect for two sets of people. You feel like everyone has their privacy. I would book here again in a heartbeat. To sum it up, if you are looking for a clean, comfortable, fairly spacious apartment dont hesitate to book this one!  Pictures are accurate. I was even sick one day and wasnt up to roaming around and the day I spent ""home"" was perfectly fine. The flatscreen TV, gorgeous view out the living room window on a warm spring day from the couch, helped me not feel so bad. Velma even expressed her concern more than once. Nice.  Great location, about a 15 minute walk to subway, nice friendly neighbors, low price, good WiFi, good hot water and water pressure. Velma is a kind and helpful host, checked in on us several times and provided us with a extra toddler bed.  However, the house had a few issues, including some windows screwed shut with wood screws or that cant be locked, worn out matresses, stove that didnt work well (heats up very slowly, takes 10 minutes to cook a scrambled egg, and oven didnt seem to get hot at all), electrical outlets without covers, broken/missing flooring and tile, failing grout, uneven floors and unfinished trim and flooring  (house seems to be in mid-remodel), missing section of railing towards top of steep exterior front steps, and I removed one large cockroach.  This house is not well suited for young children. Velma was snel met het beantwoorden van de vragen die we stelden voor we afreisden naar NY en heeft ons ook hartelijk ontvangen in het appartement. Velma konden we altijd bereiken en ze gaf ons advies en tips ,Velma is een vriendelijke hostess.Voor grotendeels klopt de advertentie en was het een veilige buurt. Openbaar vervoer was goed bereikbaar zowel debus en de subway was op loopafstand. Great place, good neighborhood, close to supermarket and laundry, very good communication  with velma in what ever you want to ask about anytime., i would stay there again if i did repeat this trip. Great place in really nice street with friendly neighbours. Velma was a great host and met us to check in late. Thanks!! We had a great stay at Velmas apartment, both her and her husband are very kind, attentive, and nice people. There are few things that require some attention in the unit (such as the stove doesnt work well and windows dont lock fully) but we didnt care much. The neighborhood is safe and ton of places nearby and close to subway. We would definitely stay here again. Thank you! Velma and her husband were so kind and had supported us quickly and flexibly. Thanks for a great first stay in Brooklyn! Tout était parfait  Appartement très propre et bien situe The most important, Velma is amazing, friendly, she fixed every problem quickly. She even bought as a bottle of an Italian wine at the end. Thank you Velma! Apartment is 8 min walk away from the nearest subway station and 30-35 min ride to Manhattan. It is located in a very calm and safe area, with some nice bars, restaurants, laundries and grocery stores. The home is old but clean, it has everything to make your stay comfortable. It needs some improvements (floor, bathroom), but we had a nice stay there. Beds are clean and comfortable. Apartment is reasonably priced.   Lappartement vous réserve une très mauvaise surprise. Si vous aviez des enfants comme moi cest mieux de ne pas y aller. Les mauvaises odeurs du lieu et surtout dans lappartement étaient insupportable. La salle de bain sointe, et la cuve bouche de temps en temps.  Quand à la bailleresss elle est gentille, souriante et serviable avec sa famille mais pas trop collaboratrice. Great communication. Helped me book at the last minute Helpful, responsive host, convenient location, nice place! Would book again Great location, great host, excellent communication. There was an issue with our original booking but Velma was able to accommodate us without any problem. Velma is a great host, she is easy to contact and deals with any issues promptly. The flat has local amenities close by and is a walkable distance from the subway (about 15mims or so). thank you Velma was an amazing host. She was very responsive and her hospitality is top notch! The apartment was also very spacious and close to the subway station. I highly recommend it!"	0
743	Such an overall great experience staying at Alis place! Very clean. Ali was so easy to communicate with! A minor misunderstanding on our first night lead me to call her late night and she showed up within 10minutes to explain everything! She was so great! Very understanding when I couldnt make it for the afternoon check in time, and when we left later than the check out time. She checked up on us everyday by messaging me but wasnt intrusive! She provided us with everything we couldve possibly needed, even some food and drinks!! I would highly recommend this air bnb, very family friendly and very cozy! Great customer service, very comfortable and clean rooms. My family and I enjoyed the whole stay. Looking forward to return in the future. This is a definitely the best choice for a family with kids. I stayed in a stylish master bedroom while the kids were having a great time in their magical room.   What a great idea to have a kids room with a loft and slide!  Highly recommend for a family with kids!  The BEST place ever for a family vacation, will be back definitely ☺️ We love it!!! Excellent place!!! My daughter loved the kid’s room with amazingly fun slides and car-shape bed! The rooms are clean and stylish. My parents enjoyed cooking there, just like at our own home! Private parking spot made our life so easy. And the entertainment center, lol... Last but not least, the host is very friendly! We had such a fun and comfortable stay! Nothing short of amazing! Space is beautiful, the outdoor is also a beautiful touch. The host were so sweet and catering! Enjoyed my stay! Beautiful home, quite neighborhood, and a great host. Made sure we were alright and had everything we needed for our stay. Would come back and stay again anytime! It’s really great place for people to live. 1) Alis place replies super fast via text, emails and in person. Great customer service and attention.  2) Place looks exactly like the picture.  3) The whole property is SPOTLESS.  4) LOADED Roku with Netflix, Sling TV with all the channels except premiums. And a bunch of other apps for your viewing pleasure. comfortable house! children will love this house This is a perfect place for college kids, single professionals, and/or young couples under 40 who like to party. The unit has sleek furnishings, very nice decor, great supplies/toiletries; Great corporate housing styled unit. Hosts are responsive and will address your needs. Very nice people.   I rated this property a 3 out of 5 because it was advertised as a family retreat. I DO NOT recommend this property for families with children under 12. The walls in the kitchen and living room areas are thin making it easy to hear the people who are coming in and leaving for the parties.  The outdoor walkway wreaked of marijuana. Music was loud in the front and back of the property due to the parties. The host addressed the noise and was able to have the volume lowered around 11pm. If I was at the property alone or coupled up with no children I would have rated this property 4 out of 5.  Ali is a wonderful host. The place is wonderful too. Ali replied super fast and very kind. The apartment is great. I can’t find any tiny problems at all. Very nice places. This place is honestly so sick! The patio was amazing. Everything you think to need, as for amenities it’s all there. Will be booking again soon. I loved the kids room!	1
744	DO NOT STAY HERE. Although the description for the place is more accurate now, many of the things described were not on the page when we booked. When we arrived she said we dont want people snoring, and didnt even mentioned that someone would be staying next to us separated by a very thing wall. She also tried to make us pay more that what was listed on the page after we had booked. After we arrived she said that only females were allowed (again not on the page) and was told to find elsewhere. As you can imagine this was very stressful for us as we had just arrived in New York from the UK and had to panic book another place when we arrived. Please dont make the same mistake as us and book this awful place. Julianas place is simple and a great value for visiting NYC. Central Park is pretty much right outside the front door! I have not meet Juliana but Charles. The room is shared with couchsurfers, there is a lot of passage, however the flat is quiet. If you are looking for privacy, it will be little embarrassing, but its comfortable enough and  the appartement is very well located. Great location and homely environment. Mi estadía en la habitación compartida fue súper cómoda y agradable. Se cumplió con lo que decía el anuncio y siempre estuvieron atentos a si necesitaba algo. Muchas gracias The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	0
745	The accomodation at Catys whas very nice, close to the subway station and the room was perfect. We had used also her kitchen for breakfast. There was little mess in kitchen & bathroom, but everything was cool. We would use it also in the future. Thanks ! Catys place was super great for getting to all the sights in and around Manhattan. Her roommates were gone most of the day but helpful when we needed something in the evening. Although I did not have the pleasure of meeting Caty face to face communication was great considering we could only message back and forth. She was very accommodating and the key pick up and drop off went smoothly! I can especially recommend her room on a hot day, it was a welcomed relief to come back to air conditioning after a whole day of 91 degree (35 degree) weather!!! The host canceled this reservation 19 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Caty è stata disponibile prima e durante il nostro soggiorno, trovando una soluzione comoda ad entrambi per il check in in orario serale. La camera era carina e perfetta per due persone, ho trovato un pò di disordine in cucina e bagno. Il miglior pregio è la comodità per i mezzi di trasporto che si trovano a 5 minuti a piedi e ti permettono di raggiungere Manhattan comodamente.  Lunico appunto per Caty è di avvisare le coinquiline dell arrivo degli ospiti per non farle spaventare al mattino.  The worst experience we had airbnb. When we got the room floor was dirty (could at least have swept the room), the bed linen was used and the bathroom always dirty the 8 days we were in the apartment. It is not a family of home but a student house where the first night the girls smoked marijuana and the smell was so strong that pervaded the room , besides staying laughing out loud until late at night. Not recommend in any way. I would have left the apartament on the first day but how could not pay twice for the same hosting ended up staying. Bad place to stay especially as a couple!	0
746	"Rob was the perfect host. He was working the night I got in but arranged for me to get the keys. The apartment was very clean and bright with a huge kitchen and living room. Subway takes you into the city in about 25 min, to Williamsburg in 15. Easy to get to from JFK. Plenty of food options, supermarket, and drugstore nearby. Rob is easy to get along with, very nice guy and helpful with everything. Definitely recommend staying at his place. Rob is a great and chilled guy. He was of great help and generously invited us for a Jazz concert. I would definitely stay with him again. The flat is comfortable, quite and you will have plenty space. The L line is right out of the door.  Rob прекрасный хозяин, к приезду мы получили от его подробные инструкции по заселению, культурный отзывчивый человек, пригласил нас в свой бар на Манхеттене, буду рекомендовать его жилье своим путешествующим друзьям, мы его почти не видели, но когда возникали какие либо вопросы он неожиданно появлялся и помогал нам как добрая фея)), еще спасибо за ценные рекомендации и помощь в составлении маршрутов по НЮ Rob was the perfect host. We felt welcome the whole time we stayed, and he introduced us to some nice places to go! Only kind words from here! Staying with Rob was great! His apartment is easy to reach from JFK, and with the M Train at the front door youre in the city within a half an hour.  If we come back to NY some time, we will stay with Rob again! Rob est très sympa et accueillant! Son appartement est grand. La chambre est spacieuse, avec un vrai lit deux places.  Le quartier est ""latino"" avec beaucoup de restaurants.  Lappartement est proche du métro M et L donc on arrive vite à Manhattan.  Cool et à recommander  I really loved staying at Robs place! He was super friendly and accommodating. The apartment is very clean and has super nice light in the mornings. My room was so spacious and I definitely felt comfortable here. The neighborhood is a great family neighborhood and I felt safe walking home at night. Theres AC in the room which is great (and you dont have to turn it up all the way to make the room cool). I would 100% stay here again! A+! :)    x  Nous avons passé une semaine inoubliable à New York grâce à Robert !   Il a été un très bon hôte, toujours disponible pour nous donner des conseils sur la ville, accueillant, agréable... Nous avons passé de très bonnes soirées en sa compagnie autour dune bonne bouteille de vin et de tapas !  Lappartement est très bien situé (à deux pas du métro) et la chambre est spacieuse.  Ce fût une rencontre très enrichissante !!  Merci Rob !!!!! 1ère expérience airbnb au top ! Rob est très accueillant, disponible et très sympas , il nous met tout de suite à laise. Lappart (propre et chambre spacieuse) est juste à coté dune station de métro , très pratique pour visiter la ville. Encore merci pour cette semaine à New York, cétait parfait ! Louise et Erminie I had fantastic stay at Robs place! The place was clean and nice. Rob is a great person. My experience was great! A warm welcome and smiles all round. Rob took a chance on a damsel in distress, had he not, I wouldnt of met his lady Lizzie and their friend Marinala (thats probably spelt really wrong). The house itself is so homely, and I dont want to leave. If you are travelling a lot and want a home away from home, this crib is the way to go. Its close to the subway and Rob dawg and lizzle shadizzle are the best hosts a traveller could dream off. Oh and nice bed too! Thanks again guys, you the best.  Rob and Lizzy were just great and thanks to them we had a fantastic stay. We really felt at home. The neighborhood was perfect, the subway is 2 minutes away. Rob showed us some awesome jazz places and couldnt have been better. Staying at Robs place is like coming home. Not only are Rob and Lizzie( and their friend Maria:) some of the nicest people Ive ever met, they are also the most generous. Rob helped me out with finding all the cool places to see live music in town ( which is the purpose of my trip) and even took me to a friends party and made me feel like part of the family! The area is great with many cultures represented and plenty of things to see and do . The subway is close and safe - I walked home by myself in the middle of the night several times and never felt unsafe. The bed is really comfortable and the room is huge! This place is so good that Im coming back in a week or so for another few days! I would recommend definitely staying here , and cannot give them enough praise . We have sung, smiled, eaten and laughed together and its been great. Thank you so much Rob for making me feel so welcome ! Xxx Wonderful trip! I am very lucky to live in here,because Rob and his girlfriend were very nice and the house was neat and convenient to subway. You could go to Manhattan downtown and midtown easily.  I think one of the important reasons for us to choose AIRBNB is we want to communicate with owner of house and we hope they can introduce us the city and be enthusiasm! My friends and I had a wonderful time with Rob and Elizabeth. We talked about music and play music together even forgot the time (Actually it is  Rob and my friends played piano.) At the day we leaved, Rob made breakfast for us. It is tasty!  All in all, we have a wonderful time in New York. One of the important reason is Rob and Elizabeth and this room.  这间房子很不错,交通很方便,价格也比较便宜,是在纽约的一个好的选择。屋主也很棒!如果你热爱音乐的话,选择这里不会让你失望的。 Rob and his girlfriend Lizzie are very nice hosts. This room is very comfortable and cozy. Very close to subway, and this neighborhood is safety with many needed shops. I recommend Rob’s place for everyone! We had such a great stay at Robs apartment. I loved the neighborhood--not too crowded yet very accessible to Williamsburg and Downtown Manhattan through M and L trains. Robs apartment was decorated with jazz-related posters and artworks, and had very homey feeling. The room was very spacious, and had fresh towels, bed-side lamp, a sofa and a chair. There were lots of jazz music to listen to as well. Most importantly, Rob and Lizzie were very generous and kind hosts. Lizzie recommended us a really cute coffee shop around the block, which we loved, and Rob even made us really delicious Italian style sandwiches! Thanks for having us again!  Rob was a great host! Super friendly and accommodating. The room was nicer than I expected.  He also books jazz groups, so would be a great place to stay for any traveling jazz musicians especially.  The room is South facing, so its nice and bright in there all day. Very peaceful. 5 stars.  This is a spacious room in a comfortable apartment in a cute two-storey storefront building, with solid WiFi, clothes hangers, and a detailed welcome/orientation sheet. Rob is a down-to-earth guy, positive and upbeat in communications, and was proactive and flexible about check-in. The Seneca M stop down the block gets you to midtown Manhattan on weekdays - the L at Myrtle is more reliable other times.   Rob is a great host, apartment was spotless and definitely a great location with trains close by Robs place is convenient to the city and not too far from JFK airport. Also, the host is very friendly, play amazing music and easy to communicate with. I will definitely stay here next time when I visit again. I had the best stay with rob ..he is the best guy ever ...I had 4 wonderful   days with Rob ..he is perfect ..he took me every (Website hidden by Airbnb) many cool bars ..jazz clubs ..I met famous jazz players and great musicians with him..rob is so cool .very generous .always offered me food and drinks ..I felt as if it was my home ...not just a room.. He is the best person I met in NY .. He has a very good taste in music .. I enjoyed my stay.I recommend you to stay with rob if you want to enjoy NY and to meet wonderful guy like him.."	1
747	Staying here was a pleasure, not only was it close to where I needed to be, but the host was friendly and was attentive to my every need. I would love to stay here on ally business trips. The place location is really really great. The apartment is nice and very clean. The host is very very responsive to your requests. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a nice stay is new york. Pavel is a wonderful host. He made everything very friendly and easy. His place is very clean, well furnished and pleasant to stay. That being said, 2 rooms are facing a subway line which passes at less than 10 meters from the window and it is very noisy.  I would definitely  recommend this place, except to people with a light sleep ! The host is really nice and helpful! Unfortunately, the room did not fit my needs because I am really sensitive to noise but it is very close to Manhattan by subway and the subway is really close to the apartment. You got what you pay for I would say, but except noise, the apartment is nice and the host makes you feel comfortable. Great place. The noise could be an issue but the host provided us with ear plugs as well. Its a great find. I loved the setup very nice just couldve been a little warmer. Everything was simply great. Instructions was accurate. I really enjoyed stay. Very convenient, within blocks of multiple subway lines. Easy check in and check out. Quality room and bed. Would definitely stay again. Great hosts! Super nice and friendly.  I would recommend this place. I loved staying here! First off you need to understand that it is on a busy street - right under the tracks. So it gets noisy.  However, it also means that as you lay there you can hear wafts of Latin American music playing. And the close proximity of the train is God send for getting to the main parts of the city - super quick!  The sole purpose of my trip was to explore jackson heights diverse ethnic cuisines and flushings chinatown. Not only is this place bang on the main road - walking distance to the best eateries (shout out to Arepa Lady) , it also has plentiful of affordable shopping around. Not to mention that flushings chinatown is 5 stops on the train east, and west the train goes up till time square.  I would personally love to live in this neighborhood. Pick it if you are a solo traveler, looking to explore NYs unique culture. I will say the space gets tight for couples, but the self check in is a great bonus and I was even able to turn up by 2 to an extremely clean and well done room.  The space is perfect: private, comfortable space to sleep; clean kitchen and bathroom; and easy to access. Communication was quick. What more could I want? This place was perfect for me it was near everything . Im a heavy sleeper so the noise didnt bother me . The room was clean the host was nice and welcoming giving me advise on traveling by subways. The neighbors was okay they was respectful  and had a lot of manners, The Bathroom Water was leaking but it was OK It was clean everything besides that was good and it was also cold Just as advertised. Muito bom para quem quer curtir o bairro e aproveitar a gastronomia. Perto do metrô, e Pavel permite que se viva ali muito tranquilamente. Recomendo.	1
748	Zlatkos apartment was PERFECT - the size is very comfortable and so was the bed. He welcomed me to use anything in his fridge or cabinets as well as linens. He was an excellent host and gave me some useful information about the area - which is amazing if you are looking for a fun time and great food. The apartment was in a busy area but I was not bothered by street noise one bit. I would definitely recommend this apartment! Zlatko saved me in a time of need when there were no other lodging options closer than 45 mins from Manhattan. He was responsive, made finding the place and the keys easy, and his place was tidy with great layout. The neighborhood was fun and easy to get around by Subway and taxi. It was just what needed for my short stay - thank you Zlatko!  Perfect location and everything I needed for a short stay in the city. Early key pickup and multiple options for key drop off made the checkin/checkout process smooth.  Zlatko has an amazing spot in the les, close to everything and only one small flight if stairs to walk up. The place its self felt just like home with a huge tv and cable. The bed was so comfy and the building was quiet so youll be sure to get some great sleep! Highly  recommend anyone to stay here 5 star!!!!!!!  Great location in an friendly neighbourhood. Perfect for short stay The location of this place was great! Easy to commute around the city and the host was responsive to any questions we had. Would definitely stay here again. 	1
749	Charming apartment, clean, well located with ample restaurants in the area and easy access to subway 1 and 2 to get downtown.  Ruth was delightful and very helpful whenever we had questions. Ruths place was excellent! It offers a quiet location with quick/easy access to the subway, Central Park and entire west side. The beds were great and the apartment looks to have been recently renovated - with new fixtures and kitchen. I would highly recommend it as a quiet place from which to explore the city. Fantastic stay. I booked last minute due and Ruth was quick to reply, punctual, and an overall amazing host.  Would definitely stay here again if attending an event near the midtown area of NYC. Great location. Safe and very close to metro and groceries. Would definitely stay there again. The host canceled this reservation 7 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Ruths apartment is very conveniently located close to the metro line and grocery stores. Its not big but, overall, it was quite comfortable for three people. Since we stayed for six days she also offered to get us some new towels. Communication was always impeccable. We would definitely recommend this apartment. Great place! Wonderful place to stay for New Years! The host canceled this reservation 29 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	1
750	We stayed at the apartment for 6nights. It is located close to a supermarket with a plenty of fresh fruits and vegetables. The room was nice and clean. Bathroom and kitchen were shared with others, but mostly clean. Just the kitchen is not well equipped, but you can make simple meals without any problems. All in all we liked our stay in Brooklyn! room looked just like in the pictures, was clean, bathroom was clean as well, neighborhood quite and close to the subway. only complaint- the bed was very squeaky and made noise when turning in bed. otherwise all nice! Thank u for everything! Room was clean and comfortable! Cozy, warm place to stay. Subway is close so you can get to manhattan easily around an hour. Thx :) Host sounded very concerned until we reach the room. She was frequently sending texts about when we are reaching but when we reached there, she did not show up during our entire stay. The care taker could not speak English.   The room was very small and there was nothing to hang our shirts and cloths.  Insufficient bathroom. Multiple times we try to go into the bathroom when it was occupied by others.  We travel a lot and always stay in Hotels. This is the first time, we stayed in AirBnB. My wife was never been agree to stay in this kind of accommodation. I convinced her to check in. Frustrating stay.  Moon is a nice host. Though we didnt stay at the room presented on the web page, Moon tried to helped us feel comfortable and offered the refund to us. 房东对我的各种问题回答很及时,房间也比较整洁,稍微挤了一点。房间的隔音不好,卫生间的声音比较大。厨房设施还比较全。总体讲还是不错的体验,经济实惠!如果有机会,我还会去住。 This is a great place to stay. It has everything you need to feel comfortable. Traveling to the city is a little awkward, I highly recommend taking the bus to the 59th St station to save time. There are amazing asian shops and restaurants nearby. I totally enjoyed my stay! full size bed filled the room Easy and convenient  The room is clean & comfortable. And I can use kitchen to cook something. 非常喜歡 雖然只有住一天,但還會想再來 附近有超市很方便  The room was small, exactly like the picture, but was well cleaned. The AC in the room was very annoying, watch out if you are a light sleeper. It is located right next to the bed, and since it was set on energy saving mode, it turns on and off during the night and was very loud. (But you can switch the mode, or just not use it) The best thing that I like about this place is that it is very close to the metro station and the restaurants. I would consider this place on my next Brooklyn trip as well.  This place is exactly as described, very simple, clean and functional. Essentially you get a good comfortable bed and bathroom with linen. It is close to the train station, and is equidistant from Manhattan and Coney Island.  The position of the house was goods because the subway N is very close. The room, the kitchen and the bathroom wete not very clean. We have never met Moon, we met the house keeper who could not speak english but only chineese so we could not have any advice or info of the area which is completely chineese with only a few people who could understand us. Moreover, wifi did not work. The area is safe and has a market open 24H very usefull. In general we raccomend the room for short period but absolutely not for long stay. Sejour dune seule nuit.  I had a perfect stay. Clean place, close to subway, and free on street parking. Just be more friendly)))and make better wi-fi thx u so much Great place. Very comfortable. Privacy and not too far from everything.  The place is very reasonable and clean, neighborhood is quiet. Recommend! If you want to live with the rats in the house the then this is the place would be perfect for you. I had an emergency and booked this place for 26 nights and it was the scariest experience of our lifes as rats were crawling in the kitchen and also bedroom, advised the host and she gave some of worst excuse. Once I checked out of the property I had left one bag in there with all my little babys food and her belongings and I rang the host to let her know this is the case and she was very rude and unhelpful as she did not understand the severity of the matter. I have reported this terrible experience to airbnb and may also take this matter further especially when they are refusing to give the belongings back also. Being British and having this kind of experience is the worst ive had in New York. I would honestly recommend everyone to avoid this place if your a clean freak and if you like to spend time with mice and messy bedrooms and dirty toilets with no toilet paper then this would be perfect place for you to book. AVOID AVOID AVOID!  Very clean place, as described. Comfortable, quiet, friendly. Moons place is very simple and small - good for single travelers. It is close to public transportation and not so far from the city center.  It was nice, and no problem with us coming so late, cool :) The bed pretty much fills the room. Good for short visits to the city; especially if you know youll need the room only during night. Moon is a very kind host. He helped us with the bags. Very friendly and nice. The place is nice and comfortable near to many good chinese food places. Nice stay	0
751	Mios place is really a good place. The room is big, luminous, super clean and the area is really nice. Great location in Brooklyn; very reasonable price; very clean and safe.  Mio was a great host...especially as our flight arrived in very late and she was very accommodating for our check-in and other requests we had.  The apartment is a shared but peaceful space with longer term residents. The room is large and airy which balances out the fact that the living room is curtained off for another resident.  The room itself has a table and a sofa so you can hang out in there.  The only issue is the bed which is possibly the worst one weve ever slept on,  uncomfortable and creaky.   Hopefully the owners will have addressed that issue for future guests.  Apart from that,  it was a great experience, close to transport,  shops, cafes, bars, laundromats, etc. Just stayed here overnight for a weekend in the city, just needed the place to sleep. Its very easy to subway between the city and this spot, which was my main hope. A decent selection of restaurants around the spot as well. The bed is extremely strange, not very sturdy foam mattress with the flimsiest feeling box spring I have ever interacted with-- imagine sleeping on a box made of very thirsty and rambunctiously noisy bamboo. This was more just remarkable though, it didnt prevent me from passing out when we got back to the room late that night, but under other circumstances I would have been much more irked. The couch in the room was very comfortable though, my friend slept on that and was sufficiently perky in the morning. Probably would stay again. The host canceled this reservation 4 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Pretty accessible location in a quiet neighborhood in Brooklyn. Mio is very quick to respond to anything and is very helpful! Great place. Location is perfect! The communication and overall cleanliness was great, but I did not receive the room I had originally booked. Not sure why this happened, but sleeping on a barely covered twin bed. The noise outside is incredibly loud. Not super ideal to be very honest. It was a mixed experience for me.	0
752	This is my second time staying at Yechiel’s apartment. As usual, everything was perfect. Yechiel quickly responded to my messages and was extremely helpful, the apartment was clean and just as nice as I remembered it to be, and I had a fantastic stay. Thanks again, Yechiel!  Bon appartement, tres propre et comme sur les photos. Le quartier est bien, il y a tout a proximiter restaurant, cafe, banque, supermarché.. De plus lappartement se situe a 2 minutes du métro et nous sommes a Times Square en a peine 15min de metro. Les points negatif : il ny a pas dascenseur alors que lappartement est au 6eme etage. Les chambres donnent sur la rue et il y a donc beaucoup de bruit. The apartment is as described. It is where it is. However in Airbnb community, it is important how you host. Unfortunately, I felt that there was no hosting at all. It was expected of me to look for the house alone, to climb the stairs and knock on the door ( I didnt know at a time that it was one of the top apartments). The person who met us (finally) wasnt the host but one of the people from the company that host many other listings, so there was very little personalisation and love that you usually receive from an actual host. I never met the host, never spoke to him, and I spoke to another person in the messages, who wasnt the same person who met us hence some messages were out of the context and looked more like prepared ones. If the host asks a company to host on his/her behalf, the guests shouldnt loose the unique hosting experience that is only available in Airbnb.  Der Kontakt war super und sehr schnell erreichbar. DIe unterkunft ist gross genug. nur die schlafcouch wohl zu klein für 2, würde sie also eher als eine 7 personen unterkunft bezeichnen. anonsten top! I stayed at this apartment for 2 and a half weeks with two colleagues when we visited New York. The apartment is lovely and is as described in this listing. It is very conveniently situated close to all major subway lines. The only thing that you should note is that the apartment is on the 5th floor of a building which does not have an elevator. We never had any direct contact with the host, but the company who handles the hosting were fantastic - they responded promptly to all of my messages and were very accommodating. Overall, I would highly recommend renting this beautiful apartment! We enjoyed our stay in Harlem very much. The neighborhood was perfect. No problem whatsoever. The apartment was also nice, cool and clean. But the stairway (6 stories and no elevator) was very dirty!!! Another thing was the traffic. Fifth Avenue is rather busy and since we had to sleep with open windows because of the heat, it was noisy at night.  Apart from that we had a great stay! Fue una estadía ideal! Yachiel estuvo siempre presente para todas las dudas y contesto cada mensaje en menos de 5 minutos.  El departamento es igual que en las fotos.. Todo muy limpio, la zona es muy linda y tiene el subte cerca por lo que es muy fácil manejarse y llegar a todos los puntos turísticos. Muchas gracias Yachiel!  I was in the apartment for 6 days, the place is beautiful and new, the location is fine, next to the metro station 15 min from times Square.  Very good communication. If you are looking for an interaction with the Host, then this is not the place for you.  The apartment is handled through a maintenance company, and it is very convenient as they send you very detailed instructions and leave  a key box at the entry to the building.  This is super convenient giving you the flexibility to arrive at your own time and not depending on someone to show up.    The location is VERY convenient.   There is a subway station 2 blocks away that can get you to any location in NYC and surrounding areas.    The location is also very safe, next to the Harlem Police Station, and very well lit at night.    The rooms are small but large enough to fit a bed and small nightstand with a light.  The footboard of the beds are a challenge.  Both my colleague and I hit our knees several times getting in and out of the rooms.    One good perk is having the ROKU with access to free movies through Netflix and other channels.    The buildings in the area are going through restoration and remodeling, and this specific building is not great, but just OK.    If you are looking for a fancy place to stay, this apartment is not for you.  The apartment is very basic, has the basic necessary amenities, including a small but functional kitchen.    There is NO integrated air conditioning, but rather a portable AC unit that is just enough.  Natural ventilation is not a real option unless you do not mind the noise from the street, with all the BR facing that side.    On the other hand, if you are looking for a convenient location while in NYC, and an AMAZING low cost for a 3 BR unit, then this is the place for you, especially for large parties (3 Double beds, one in each room).   房间比较宽敞,很干净,就是没有电梯,提着行李比较累 El contacto con el anfitrion fue expedito y calido, el departamento es tal cual como lo indican las fotos del anuncio, el barrio es tranquilo muy buenos accesos al metro, muy cercano y muchos lugares  para comer y market.  We had a great time. Yechiel was always available if we had a question. The apartment is very clean and 3 great rooms. Close to the subway. I would definitely recommend it.  Perfeito!  Conforto , limpeza localização!  Me senti em casa, com camas ótimas,  Silencioso  Voltaremos com certeza Very nice ❤️ of Harlem, very close to public transportation and safe. Get ready to climb six flights of stairs. Tuvimos buena comunicación desde un comienzo con el anfitrión. Siempre estuvo disponible y atento a nuestras consultas, rápido en responder, aunque nunca lo conocimos personalmente. El departamento está en un sector tranquilo y muy cerca del metro y supermercado. Considerar que está en un 5° piso y se puede hacer pesado al llegar luego de un día completo recorriendo la ciudad, por lo que no recomiendo el lugar si van con niños pequeños. Il sagit dun appartement 6 places et non 8 comme annoncé. Le quartier est assez bruyant, à eviter en famille.  The apartment is located in a very convenient spot that allowed us to get to Time Square within 20 minutes. The apartment was big for a NY apartment and the kitchen was well equipped with newer appliances which was nice. The main issues we had with the place was the lack of an elevator, lugging our suitcases up 5 floors was a bit of a challenge. Also, we stayed in February when it was still chilly outside. However, the buildings central heat was on very high forcing us to open all of the windows in the bedrooms allowing all the noise to come in. There were also a couple issues that arose during Check-In but they were able to fix it and were very responsive to emails throughout the trip which was much appreciated. Wonderful stay! Super clean and cozy. Looks just like the pictures. Yechiel was great at getting back to me immediately with any questions! Thank you! tide and clean, public traffic is convenient. This is a good option for people looking to be near public transit and venture the city. Lots of bedrooms and good amenities  La casa está bien ubicada pero es un quinto que parece un séptimo con sus 77 escaleras. No hay cortinas por lo que nada más amanecer te despiertas por la luz. Es una calle muy concurrida con mucho tráfico y las ventanas son antiguas  y se  oye mucho tráfico. Eso si, te responden enseguida si tienes algún problema. This house is very clean and big enough for family. There is a very complete kitchen utensils. Whatever you come from. There is only one road walk to 135st. Subway. If you walk along the street to Center park, you will find out kinds of markets. We are really like local fish market, its very fresh.人生第一次住在黑人区,尽管如此,十天住下来还是很安全的,警车的声音随时随地环绕,晚上九点以后基本上大家都去睡了,大街上空荡荡,离市中心有点远,但是比市中心安静。到这里第一天在大门口找钥匙找了很久,房主密码给错了,最后打电话问的,所以出门最好有本地卡。 very good Very nice apartment with tons of natural lighting in the bedrooms. With that being said most bedrooms did not have curtains therefore it would be super bright extremely early in the morning. Also NO MIRRORS except for the small mirror in the bathroom. We were there for a girls weekend ... but we literally had to use our cellphone cameras to do our make up ... I get how that sounds but trust me... please place mirrors around the apartment or hang one up behind the bedroom doors.   One last thing is the steps. Oh my...how many steps. The building has no elevator and I believe youre on the 6th floor. Having to carry your bags up those steps was a ton of work.   Overall I loved the apartment. It was clean , tons of pillows and blankets, Comfortable beds & exactly what you need for a rental home !!  Lappartamento è situato in ottima zona, comodissima per raggiungere tutti i luoghi importanti di NY con metropolitana vicinissima. Le stanze sono comode, e lappartamento pulito, il divano letto non è da considerare letto perché scomodissimo, e non ci sono spazi sufficienti per mangiare in sei come è il numero di posti letto. Inoltre è molto rumoroso, ma credo che a NY sia un problema generale.  Positive: Good price when compared to the NYC price standard, the size of the apartment is adequate for 6 people. Supermarket, fast-food restaurants, bus stop and subway stations are a few blocks away. The host was good on providing assistance (before and during our stay, he was quick on answering my messages).  Not so good: theres only a portable air conditioner located at the living room and bedrooms are not well climatized and it was really hot (we stayed there during the summer time). The overall cleanness wasnt perfect. Apartment is located on the 5th floor and no elevator. All the external noise can be heard at the apartment.  Taking the price into consideration, it was a fair option.  Very good location The Property was Clean tidy and look exactly like the Pictures. The Pantry was full stock with pots pans cooking utensils, salt oil  even coffee and tea was available. The room was clean the beds are comfortable. The bathroom were nicely marbled Renov and of a good size. Although the Hot Water are a bit temperamental. Sometimes we need to wait awhile for it to come on in the Shower. Theres Netflix available-  The communication was prompt and the check in was done by an easy lock box because we arrived really late at night. Theres plenty food places and supermarket near by. No Laundry in the building but theres a laundromat near by. It could get really noisy on the weekend because its Harlem. The nearest subway was the 135, but theres also an alternative of getting the 138 in walking distance. But the quickest way to go home from time square was by the 125 and catch a taxi cost about 7 dollars.  The only Addition that could make the property better was If there is extra towels and sheets for the length of our stay. We stayed for 9nights, we need the extra sheets.  But for what its worth I would rate the Property as 9/10 no elevator, just stairs. 真的很差。this is the worst place ive ever been to, all the sheets was stained up the tv was broken the ac was broken too. and we got locked outside for 3hours when we got here. the guy said hes gonna come at 730pm but ends up come at 9pm. theres bugs and shit in the house and the whole place smells like pee. we called to tell oir complain but the guy had a really bad attutide about our complain. This apartment was great for what we needed. We really only slept there. The property management was easy to get ahold of. The subway is close by and the neighborhood was great. There are restaurants within walking distance and we felt safe. The linens were clean, but the apartment could have been cleaner. Very important - you have to walk up five flights of stairs to get to the apartment! I recommend this place for someone on a budget. For the price, it was great and met our expectations. Emplacement très pratique à proximité du métro. Lappartement est très correct mais pas aussi bien que sur les photos. Gros défaut dinsonorisation avec les voisins et la rue. Des fenêtres ferment mal et laissent passer le bruit de la rue : boules quies indispensables. Propreté de la salle de bain très moyenne. Le canapé lit pour les 7e et 8e couchage est très inconfortable. 6 étages sans ascenseur ne sont pas trop difficile sauf avec les bagages. Great apartment for a short stay. Very clean and plenty of towels and toiletries	0
753	Fantastisch uitzicht. Na een lange reis is het een bijzondere ervaring om in Manhattan te zitten met een ruim balkon en zicht vanuit je bed op de Chrysler building. Brandon is een vriendelijke en behulpzame gastheer. Voor een aantal dagen NYC een prima plek om te slapen. Privacy is beperkt omdat de kamer in directe verbinding staat met de woonkamer. Appartement is niet smetteloos, maar uitzicht maakt alles goed. I didn´t meet Brandon but we had a great communication. The Room and Apartment were clean and the view on the Balcony is amazing!  Good Place to stay in NYC! This was a great location. Excellent and safe neighborhood with good food options nearby. Nice and clean apartment. Great view of Manhattan from the balcony. Everything was great. Brandon was really flexible with check in and check and also let us keep our bags in the apartment till our bus departure. I hope i get to stay again with at this place if i visit New york again. the room is spacious, quiet for NY standards and comfortable. The closet is large enough for a few weeks stay and the private half bathroom is convenient. I recommend the place. It was the best location! Brandon wasnt house but I felt like he communicates at home. I asked what I want as well as he offered through text or message! Stay! A great place to stay in an amazing area. Brandons place was clean and accommodating and so was he. Answered all of our questions and concerns prior to getting there and was a great host.  Will recommend Brandon to anyone wanting to stay in New York.  Oh and the views werent half bad either. Brandon/Dale were great hosts - very friendly and accommodating.  The room has a great view.  The place is perfectly situated, and conveniently close to everything.   The neighborhood was excellent. Centrally located and easy to access any major location in the city. The subway station was about a block or two away. Brandon was very welcoming upon arrival and was very attentive to any requests.  The location of Brandons apartment is  great! However, when we arrived it was not cleaned up and there were no sheets/towels.  Also, we didnt stay in the room that is shown (so we did not have direct access to the balcony) but Brandon is a good host and we still had a great time in NYC. So, for starters, the room we stayed in was NOT the room in the photos. The room in the photos is in fact Brandons room, aka there is no guest balcony access unless you walk through his room (which we were not comfortable doing, we didnt want to invade his personal space). The room we stayed in was a good size and had a half bath which was nice, but it was in definite need of a good cleaning (the bath mat looked like it had never been washed, ever). The room had absolutely no furniture other than the bed and a dresser with six drawers, all of which were full of clothes. The room was FAR from homey. Prior to our arrival Brandon told me the sheets for our room were at the cleaners and would not be ready until 6:30pm the day of our arrival - cool with me, however, I assumed that since he gave me no instructions for picking up the sheets, or as to where the cleaner was located, I assumed he would be picking up the sheets and at least put them in our room. Not the case. We arrived around 5pm, went out, and came back around 11pm...alas, still no sheets. When entering the building we noticed what looked like laundry bags piled up, so we thought wed give that a shot and went the 30 floors down and asked the doorman if he had their laundry, he did. When we came back up and opened the bag it was primarily the guys clothes. We found a fitted sheet, but no top sheet and no pillow cases. We then had to ask his roommate if he had any extra sheets that we could use, and luckily he did (he was very nice about it, but almost seemed like he had no idea we were even staying there and told us Brandon always deals with guests). At this point I was completely exhausted and all I wanted to do was sleep, we had been up since 4am traveling. Dealing with this sheet situation may not sound like a big deal, but when youre paying as much money as we did for this room the LEAST I expected was a comfortable place ready for me to sleep.     The next major annoyance was the fact that one night the guys invited a bunch of friends over without so much as giving us a heads up. They stayed up until 3am drinking. I didt go to NY to go to bed early every night, but this night we stayed in because of the blizzard so we were essentially trapped in our room listening to these guys in the living room swapping disgusting stories about their female conquests...like come on, ew. AND THEN, cherry on top, one of these drunken dudes ate all of our leftovers we had put into the fridge from a very expensive dinner we treated ourselves to (which we NEVER do).     Would not recommend. Such a nice place! The appartment is perfectly located in Manhattan with a awesome view. The room is big and the mattress, omg best ever. We slept so well. I would totally recommend this place.  不错的地方,很近市中心!我在纽约两天都住这里 Brandon was a nice guy who was trying to help the guests. If you have any questions or concerns, simply ask him for answers.     The pictures are shown Brandons room. There is a guest room which is not shown in the pictures. The guest room and bathroom were not very clean. He was also okay to use his room while he was out of town, but we decided to stay in guest room. The location is great. The 6 train is a few blocks away and many restaurants are nearby.  Check in was perfect - I arrived and got a key from doorman. Location of the apartment is great - 5-7 mins walking from the Empire state.  Brandon answered to all your questions, helped with everything he could.  We stayed on different room, than presented on photos, but our room was even bigger, than Brandon`s room. We shared shower with the host, but we had private restroom.  The best price for this location! Definitely recommend to stay there! I barely got to meet Brandon,but he was always available for any question via text. The place is in a great location, I walked hours from it every day. The bed was amazing seriously.   Only thing we noticed is that it could use some cleaning and tidying up.  Overall if you are not going to spend your day in the apartment this place is really good. Brandon est très sympa, bon accueil, chaleureux, toujours disponible pour donner des informations/conseils.  La chambre possède une vue exceptionnelle sur Manhattan (on est au 30eme étage), surtout au lever du soleil ! Lappartement est vaste, bien aménagé mais, seul bémol, pas forcément très propre. The host canceled this reservation 5 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The appartment was perfectly located and had an awesome view! Brandon was a very nice host and really helpfull. It just could have been a little cleaner.  The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting.	0
754	El apartamento es bastante amplio, limpio y comodo. La ubicación es bastante céntrica y se tarda alrededor de 20 minutos en llegar a Times Square. El barrio no es muy bonito, pero no tuvimos ningún problema cuando caminábamos por ahi en la noche. Recomiendo mucho este apartamento. There were a total of four in my group, and Victorias was perfectly accommodating. We were able to check in 2 hours before the normal check-in, which was great, and her housekeeper was waiting for us in the apartment with the keys. Very easy! The door to the apartment building is next to a not so nice looking tire/rim shop, but the street was quiet besides occasional car alarms. Central park is a bit farther than described, about a 20 minute walk, but still very close! Another great thing- theres a shopping plaza with a Target, Marshalls, Applebees, etc. only two blocks away where we could also park during our stay.     Victoria was quick to communicate with us, answered all our questions, and provided us with everything we needed. Her apartment was also extremely clean. We had a great stay!  Apartment looks like a hostel in a noisy and poor neighborhood. Down the windows there are funeral services and tyre repair shop. During night time cars flow constantly. Mattress is old and with humps. Definitely not for family staying, especially with kids. We informed the owner about these concerns before hang, but we were assured that the place was perfect. We left this apartment the other day without money refund.  1. One of the beds was outrageously uncomfortable - the mattress was supported by a frame with two planks in the middle. Huge minus for that.  2. Keep in mind that one of the bedrooms is separated from the living room with sliding glass doors.  3. With 100$ cleaning fee Id suspect the apartment would be cleaner  - there were old socks and a lot of dust under the bed, kitchen countertop was covered with something sticky, sofa was covered in all kinds of stains. Except for that the apartment was clean, towels and additional linens were at our disposal.  4. The neighborhood is actually quite nice - there is a cigar place, where you can hang out with locals, a lot of cheap restaurants, shops. Tire shop isnt noisy, so I cant tell why that is a problem to others. Same goes for funeral services.  5. Victoria responded quickly, made sure we got to the apartment. Before booking the place make sure that the bed platform was changed/repaired. Great place, large and comfortable. I like the location, it is safe and easy to reach .  The neighborhood is ok, the subway is 10 minutes walk. The apartment is nicely decorated, has a naked brick wall. The heating works, which is important in winter and spring. The kitchen is a little small but usable. Victoria is a helpful and nice host, we had no complaints. And overnight parking in the street turned out ok. Victorias apartment is pleasant, rather clean. The kitchen is rather rudimentary with few accessories. There is a bed which is less comfortable, the bed base is dilapidated. It is near all the conveniences and at 10min from the subway station.   The local residents are pleasant neighbors, east Harlem is a good place. To join most of the sites to visited, It is necessary to matter at least 30 minutes.   Victoria was at our listening before our arrival, but we had no more answer once installed in the apartment. Its a pity not to have been present up to the end.  Nevertheless, the apartment was good and we recommend it to you for your housing in New York City. All perfect The place was very cozy! I loved that we got to experience a true New York experience with the fire escape and the door bell at the entrance door and to ring people in. That was so cool!!  The space was the perfect size for 6 of us to stay in during the weekend of Governors Ball. The only major issue was that when we arrived, there was no AC, but Victoria had a new unit put in on the last day of our stay. Theres plenty of seating for the kitchen (bar stools), so when we all were at the house, no one had to stand around. I kind of liked that there wasnt a TV :)  The apartment was in a decent location (the price reflects the location) and is fairly clean, but there were two issues that left us irritated.  Issue 1: the bed in the rear of the apartment is unacceptable.  After reading prior reviews that one of the beds was in poor condition and needed to be replaced, we asked Victoria if it had been replaced and she replied yes, so we rented the apartment. When we arrived, we found that the mattress in the back room was definitely not new (although it did still have a tag).  More importantly, the box springs was broken with a huge hole in the middle, leaving the entire midsection unsupported.  It would have been more comfortable with the mattress sitting directly on the floor.  Issue 2: Victoria gave us the address and told us the apartment was open with the keys inside.  But when we arrived, the outside door to go up to the apartments was locked (of course, its always locked). So we stood on the sidewalk with our 2 kids and our 4 suitcases watching the world go by while waiting for a response from Victoria. We had a nice conversation with a guy from the tire shop and one of the neighbors who eventually took pity on us and let us in.  Shortly afterwards, Victoria checked in to be sure we made it into the apartment, but never answered our query as to how she expected us to get in if the outside door is always locked.  This could be a great airbnb, but we cannot recommend this host to others if she isnt truthful and cant invest $150 for a new box springs or a cheap IKEA platform bed.  Victorias place was nice and comfortable. Great that the two bedrooms are on opposite ends of the apartment. Great location! Love Camrades across the street and easy access to the train and downtown.  Place was clean and beds comfortable. Great value for the price. Victoria was great! The apartment was exactly what we were looking for,  and the neighborhood was amazing...great food,  lovely neighbors,  and easy to get to the subway.  Definitely would do it again!  We had a wonderful stay at Victorias place. It was very close to Central Park, numerous restaurants and was easy to navigate around. Her place was also very neat - perfect for my group.  I would definitely stay again whenever Im back in NYC. we had a great time The apartment was just like the photos, very clean, and had all the amenities listed. My friends and I had a great time. There was construction going on while we were there, so it was a bit noisy, but the apartment itself was great.  This was a Great Choice, right from the beginning. After booking, Victoria confirmed and I was on My way. Arriving in Manhattan can be challenging. Victoria was so Great to accommodate Our Schedule. The Apt is perfect for 4 People. I was very Impressed with the Amenities that are available. (iron, kettle, coffee maker, full kitchen) there is plenty of Towels and extra Blankets. It is walking distance to the Subway (8 min) This was a Great Experience and I hope Victoria will Host Me again.. The apartment looks like the pictures but it was very dirty. There was old milk in the fridge,the sheets smelled wierd probably they were dirty,the bathtub was dirty and the curtain has mold.The neighborhood isnt very safe at night.There was good food around.But my friends and i loved NY.The metro is 10 minutes away The apartment was exactly as described. The beds were blissfully comfortable. The neighborhood was vibrant and full of things to do if we didnt feel like venturing far. Our host was easily reachable and very accommodating. I would recommend this location to anyone and would definitely stay here again! Okolica była mało przyjemna: głośno i mało bezpiecznie. W mieszkaniu było brudno, zarówno na podłodze leżał kurz jak i w szafkach w kuchni były martwe owady. Fajne udogodnienia jak przyprawy, herbata i kawa oraz WiFi. Overall Victorias apt was as advertised with location, size and description of her apartment. The only draw back was the towels and linens but she had that rectified within 24 hours. Check in was super easy and after clearing up the towels and linens situation the stay was overall satisfactory. Her apt is on a quiet street and walking distance to Jefferson park. Only 4 blocks to the subway. Victoria responded promptly through text, and answered my calls. She was very helpful and worked with our flight schedule for check-in and check -out. The apartment was exactly as described. We were very pleased with our stay. Lappartement est à 10 minutes du métro ( Green Line) et à 5 minutes dune supérette ouverte 24/24. La literie est confortable, les pièces sont lumineuses. Nous avons regrette les bruits de voisinage (musique dans la nuit et allées et venues fréquentes), et le fait quil ny ait que 3 tabourets en tout pas de chaise. Lorsquil y a six convives, la moitié mange donc debout ou dans le canapé. Propreté moyenne. Victoria à accepte que nous laissions nos bagages jusquà 16h le dernier jour. Quartier frquentable, mais éviter de se promener seul la nuit. The apartment is very nice inside, Victoria was very available even though we did not meet it in person. I really recommend this accommodation for a weekend in NY! The area is popular and may not be the safest in the middle of the night but we had no problems! The cleanliness of the bathroom was not great, I am by no means fussy but the mirror was filthy with splash marks on the back. Also the shelf in the bathroom was hanging off. We where only left with 1 towel each for 5 nights. Which is fare enough if you dont include towels in the price but our information said essentials such as towels where included. We also had no toilet roll on arrival. The bathroom rugs where filthy and in serious need of new rugs. The main issue we all had on our stay was the cleanliness of the building and the apartments. I felt the pictures didnt really reflect the apartment. The couch which is shown in the picture was filthy it has splash and stain marks all over it. I didnt feel comfortable sitting on it as it just felt like it was filthy. I also felt this way about our bed the matress looked like it was fit for the bin. The blankets that where on the bed where also full of balls from being so old. I could t sleep in the bed I had to buy a blanket to put over me. Two of us also got bitten at night who stayed in the same bed. The building its self is very roughy and run down. Had i of seen pictures of the building i definitely would not have booked. I found the communication between the host to not be great. I felt that when we arrived she didnt seem to care. I also found victoria came across quiet rude at times in terms of how she sends her messages. During our stay we didnt have anybody to assist us upon check in we where waiting outside in the rain for someone to buzz us in. We never met with Victoria or a host to give us a bit of information on the area and the apartment. We have stayed in several Air B&Bs before and have always met with either the host or a representative. We didnt expect to have a baby sister but just someone to even let us into the building would have been nice as we where standing the in rain with suitcases in a very rough area. We had also agreed with the host to leave our bags in the apartment on the last day as our flight was not departing until that night. Victoria had mentioned it was no problem. We packed our bags and left them in the rooms. We went out for the day early that morning to only find messages from victoria asking us where we were and to pack our things, and leave our keys on the table. Bearing in mind we had packed and where told we could leave them there. We then had to jump in a taxi from near Times Square as we where afraid our belongings where going to be left outside. Thankfully our stuff was still ok we... Great location and great apartment! Victoria is a great host, communication was quick and easy! Highly Recommended! We had a great stay at Victorias place, thank you! I would recommend not touching the thermostat though. We did and we did not have heat for a night or so but the problem was quickly fixed by Victoria. Safe neighborhood and a perfect spot to stay for a large family. The metro takes you straight downtown and is only a few blocks away. Located in Spanish Harlem, this worked well for my spanish speaking in-laws. Thanks again!  We thought the apartment was overall nice, but our experience was far from it. It has two bedrooms with queen-sized beds and a couch, so it accomodated our party of four.  The apartment was mostly clean--the floor needed to be swept, and the rugs didnt look clean.  The linens on each bed looked new and were clean, and the bathroom was clean and had a new shower curtain.  The apartment could use a few basic amenities, such as mirrors (the only one is in the bathroom), face towels, paper towels, and decent toilet tissue.      Our biggest complaint was that the heat was not working the three days we were there, and Victoria was largely unresponsive in assisting with this; we had to call, text, and email her several times to get a hold of her.  She eventually got maintenance to come on our last day there, but they were unable to fix it and left us a single space heater for the entire apartment, which had a short that required playing with the cord to keep it on. It was the last week of December and freezing outside, which made the apartment terribly uncomfortable. We would definitely not stay here again. Nice apartment. The neighbourhood however is less nice. The communicatie with Victoria was also not great. Overall our experience at this apartment was good. The place was clean and well stocked for essentials (towels, blankets, condiments, etc.) We felt it was very spacious for the price and liked that the two bedrooms were on opposite sides of the apartment for privacy. The area itself looks a little sketchy at first but we never once felt unsafe and were out walking even late at night. Its located in Spanish Harlem with lots of Hispanic restaurants just one block down with lots of local supermarkets, coffee shops, bakeries, etc. the only complaint we had about this place was the noise which I think is common in NYC. The apartment is on the second floor and we could often hear conversations happening outside the building let alone cars, sirens, and honking. The proximity to midtown is not ideal but is a quick Uber ride or 2 hour walk away. We never met Victoria but she would text us to make sure everything was ok.  Our stay at Victorias was great!  We spent an awesome time in New York City. The location was very nice with a subway station only 5 minutes away so getting downtown was pretty easy. We had some troubles with the check in and the apartment wasnt the cleanest but all in all it was good!  Nice place to stay for a short stay and trip in New York. The appartement is well adapted for a familly up to 4/5 persons This place was perfect, it was very inexpensive and had enough room for me and four of my friends. It is very close to a lot of great Mexican restaurants. Its a really cozy place to stay and everythings really good. Might be a little tough during the summer since ac is not really good but other than that everythings great The place is really nice, clean and good located. Victoria is always aware of anything you need. Very comfortable! Highly recommended! I recommend it Impeccable super séjour dans cet appartement je recommande cet endroit. The apartment was clean and comfortable. There were amazing options for dining within walking distance. Victoria was quick to reply to my texts and supplied all that was needed to ensure a perfect stay. I hope to book here the next time I head into NYC. Lugar muito bonito. Requer uma pequena caminhada diária até o metrô, mas nada que sobreponha só charme do lugar. Victoria made it easy for our late check-in and she was available for texting if any question.. The apartmemt is exactly as the pictures. It is a second floor, no elevator. Everything was good. A experiência em NY foi incrível. O apartamento é super aconchegante e encontramos tudo o que precisamos nos arredores do local. Dá pra fazer tudo de metrô e a estação 116th ST é bem perto do endereço. Fomos bem recebidos e tudo estava em ordem quando chegamos. Recomendo muito esse apartamento da Victoria, não há o que se reclamar. Tudo perfeito. Despite the weird entrance of the building at the first sight, Victorias place was just like the photographs, around 3 blocks of the subway and qnd a few stops from downtown. The place was cozy and heated, what we needed after days of cold and walking Thanks to Victoria my friends & I had the perfect weekend! She let us check in early. Easily found parking on her street. Her place was just perfect and in a great neighborhood in Harlem close to everything. Wish I could live in her place! Thanks again Victoria.	0
755	Robins apartment is splendid! Shes a great host. Made us feel like it was our own place for the weekend. Great and feasible set up to pickup/drop-off apartment keys using keycafe at the local bagel shop. Would certainly recommend to friends.     J    The host canceled this reservation 9 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Easy to find, close to subways, super cute decor, and clear communication. Robin is a five star host and I highly recommend staying in her space.  The host canceled this reservation 10 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Robin was great with communicating with us throughout our stay. Apartment was exactly as pictured--very spacious, comfortable, and a convenient location for exploring Manhattan, Williamsburg, or other areas of Brooklyn. There was quite a bit of street noise, though and the proximity to the L had one downside...you could feel it rumble by every so often. Robins place is perfect for a weekend getaway. It is centrally located in Williamsburg and sits on the L line with easy access to Manhattan. You cannot go wrong booking this spot for a great weekend! Robin was great with the communication, offering recommendations and directions to local restaurants, bars and record shops. She was flexible to our needs and made pick up and drop off of keys easy and convenient.  Robin was a great host, and was very communicative throughout the stay. The key pickup and instructions with the apartment information couldnt have been easier. And the apartment itself couldnt be more comfortable and beautiful.     The neighborhood is also great, with lots of food options.  Robin provided great recommendations!  Robin was a great host who provided great recommendations for things to do and places to eat in the area. The place was clean and accurately represented. I would definitely recommend staying here.  Robin was a great host. Super communicative and helpful. Her place is a great value in Williamsburg. Only a 5-10 minute walk from the moat popular parts of Williamsburg. The L stop was really close by and easy for getting into Manhattan. The apartment itself was very spacious and nicely decorated. Definitely lives up to Brooklyns artsy charm. I would definitely recommend this place.  Robins apartment is a beautiful, tastefully designed and decorated, light-filled gem in the heart of Williamsburg.  Immediately upon arriving, my husband and I were struck by how clean and comfortable her place is.  And the proximity to amazing shopping, restaurants, bars and other popular attractions cant be beat.  Robin is a hospitable and communicative host.  Absolutely recommend staying here! I cannot rave enough about my stay at Robins. Her place is exactly as depicted, but better! The natural sunlight in the apartment is a huge treat in NYC. Her proximity to the subway made for convenient back and forth into the city, and the accommodations were very comfortable. The building is unique and charming, and I would highly recommend taking in the sunset on her expansive rooftop. Robin, herself, was easy to communicate with, and she responded within seconds when I had any questions. Overall one of my best experiences with Airbnb<3 The host canceled this reservation 5 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great, central but quiet place with lots of light. Very comfortable and clean. Has a good shower! A perfect stay. A lovely communicative host. The listing is very accurate I think and a lovely place to relax. Thank you so much.  Robyn was so sweet and accommodating with my parents staying there over the holiday. Great location, and cool, cozy apt. She also responded quickly every time we communicated. I would definitely book again. Thank you so much for everything! Robin was absolutely wonderful about letting us know what to expect and very fast in answering all of our questions. Her home was lovely and brightly lit and it was really great to be able to stay so close to the train and so many lovely restaurants (she gave us a list of the closest bars and restaurants which definitely helped). Thank you so much!!	1
756	"Staying at Susans apartment was a complete treat. She reached out in advance with recommendations and helpful tips and put together a great neighborhood guide for us upon arrival. We had superb meals and really enjoyed exploring the area.The apartment is a beautiful and comfortable space for a getaway, we felt completely at home. Could not recommend this apartment or host more! We stayed for the weekend in New York at Susans and Prestons apartment. What a treat!!!! The apartment is so nice, super clean, very nice furniture and atmosphere. We immediately felt at home. It is located perfectly to explore the city- about 5 minutes to the next subway stop- 10 minutes uber ride to Williamsburg. We could have had no better time in NYC. Thank you Susan and Preston for letting us stay with you. I can only recommend this AirBnB We had such a wonderful stay at Susan and Prestons apartment. The space is comfortable and spacious, very clean and well designed.  After busy days out and about in the neighborhood (lots of restaurants, bars and shops in walking distance.  Fort Green park is lovely!), we were so happy to have such a cozy bed to fall into (great bed linens!). Susan was easy to communicate with, and was available quickly and readily. She provided great information about the apartment and area, and was just friendly and helpful overall.  We have already recommended the apartment to friends in the area who have out of town guest coming -this is a good one! Susans apartment is beautiful. Clean and well lit with lots of natural light. Susan was more than helpful; she reached out well in advance and was easy to reach when needed. She had lots of helpful hints and personal touches waiting for us as well.  The apartment is close to tons of shops and restaurants. Parking was super easy; we were able to get the same spot all weekend. We would stay definitely stay here again!    I had a wonderful stay at this clean, well-located (a few blocks from the G and within walking distance of Fort Greene), well-lit and beautifully furnished loft. The apartment was definitely set up for guests in a way that is not always the case at all airbnbs; for example the dresser was empty, and the bedroom and bathrooms were void of clutter and personal items.  Most importantly the hosts made us feel welcome with a bottle of prosecco in the fridge, and a neatly laminated handbook containing all the information about where to find what in the apartment as well as a list of neighborhood restaurants and bars. They also made it very easy to pick up and drop off the keys. Great experience overall, would highly recommend. The place looks just as great from the pictures as it does in real life. We had a very comfortable stay for the weekend - just like being at a friends house. Thanks! We were more than simply welcome; Susan had left us a bottle of Prosecco for our arrival! The place is super clean, well decorated and looks just as the pictures. High ceiling and a lot of natural light! Easy pick up and drop off for the keys. Laminated handbook with a few suggestions of restaurants/coffee shop. They provide every essentials and more! Drawers were empty for our clothes and bathroom was void of personal  items and clutter. Easy free parking. Easy communication. Perfect for a couple or a small family :-) About 10 min Uber ride to arrive in a little bit more action and fun (Williamsburg/Greenpoint). Would recommend it! What a fabulous Airbnb experience!  Susans loft will definitely be one of my ""go-to"" places to try to book when I stay in NYC.  Perfect location in a great neighborhood...close to cool shops and restaurants, groceries, bodegas, even art.  (The Pratt Institute is just down the road and has an amazing sculpture park open to the public!)  The space itself has a wonderful energy and is impeccably appointed, just as the pictures show...comfortable and cozy, like the home of a good friend, combined with the cleanliness standards and amenities of a cool boutique hotel (read seriously well-equipped kitchen, soaps and shampoo in the bathroom, complimentary bottle of sparkling wine in the fridge...) Susan herself was extremely easy to communicate with which made the logistical end of my stay smooth and fluid.  I would highly recommend her place in a heartbeat to anyone wanting to feel well taken care of; it was everything I needed...and more!  10s across the board! Even though I didnt actually meet Susan & Preston but between the exchange of messages and the informative booklet filled with everything needed to know the space and area – i can tell they are extremely warm and thoughtful people. The pictures illustrate the space exactly: beautiful design & decor, lots of space & natural light but most importantly clean. Thanks again to Susan & Preston for welcoming my bestfriend, my sister and I into your home! :) We had a wonderful stay at Susans place. It is beautiful, comfortable, relaxing, and in a great location. She was great at communicating about arrival and departure. She left helpful info about things to do in the area. I loved our stay here and would highly recommend it to anyone. One of our best abnb experiences!  Susan was a pleasure to work with and her home is spacious, beautifully decorated, and very clean.  The host information she shared helped us enjoy the neighborhood - great location for us! We had such a wonderful experience staying at Susan and Prestons place in Clinton Hill.  The pictures are very accurate - the apartment is wonderfully decorated with a huge amount of space and light, along with all the amenities youd receive from a hotel  (and more).  Susan was easy and prompt when it came to communication, so we never felt out of touch.  The location is steps away from so many good restaurants and neighborhoods in Brooklyn, we never got into a cab.  I would recommend this to anyone in the area, you will NOT be disappointed!  everything was fine,  we will come back a.s.a.p. Susan and Preston made us feel right at home right away!   Great communication and direction made us feel confident in our choice before we even arrived. Upon arrival we were greeted with kind notes and a nice cold bottle of sparkling wine (which was very refreshing after a hot subway ride)! They also have put together a wonderful booklet full of suggestions and shops/bars/restaurants in the area.   We sat down with the booklet and our wine and took in the beautiful space. The amazing windows throughout the apartment made it so vibrant and welcoming, we really couldnt get enough! Susan and Preston left everything very clean and organized including gracious amenities.  We very much look forward to our next trip to Brooklyn and being return guests in this gorgeous and thoughtful loft! Thanks again Susan and Preston!   Tyler & Ashley Pasamos dos semanas increíbles en el apartamento de Susan y Preston. Acogedor, equipado con todo lo necesario para sentirnos como en casa. Bien comunicado con Manhattan por metro. Situado en Brooklyn, en una zona con gran variedad de comercios y restaurantes; lugares interesantes que visitar, y calles típicas por las que pasear. Recomendable a todo el que quiera vivir Nueva York de la manera más auténtica! This is a gem of a lodging in a great neighborhood. The apartment itself is light-filled from windows that line the whole street-facing side of the building. The place is immaculate, beautifully decorated and fully equipment with every modern amenity (wifi, cable, washer/dryer, stocked spice cabinet, fluffy towels, down comforter on the bed and sparkling wine on chill in the refrigerator.) The hosts communications were proactive and detailed. We were able to access the apt on arrival without any issues. I hesitate to recommend this place too highly for fear it will never be available again when I visit Brooklyn. The level of thoughtful detail around assuring the guests comfort was complete was remarkable. I wish all Air BnBs were as well managed! Generous thanks and warm regards to the hosts! My mom and I LOVED our stay at Susans home. We were welcomed by a hand written note, sparkling wine, and every detail we could have needed and more. The massive windows and high ceilings provided so much natural light. For being in such a convenient location, it was a very quiet neighborhood and building. Would 100% stay here again!   The apartment was gorgeous; everything in it was beautiful and practical.  Felt completely at home.  The coffee was great. The neighborhood recommendations were right on the mark. The bed was very comfortable.  The bathroom was spacious.  And Susan was incredibly gracious throughout.   Susan and Preston are great hosts who take care of every little things in need for staying at the city. Their home is exactly same as shown in pictures (actually even better!) and all of restaurants they recommended were great. We hope to stay again when we visit NY. We found this apartment perfect for our weekend. Susan was in communication with us the whole time. Helpful, especially when we realized that we had left something in the apartment. The pictures really do not do the place justice. I would definitely stay here again.  Bright, clean and beautiful room with cool furniture, located near public station. Room was big enough for me, wife and my little daughter. Susan prepared everything we need to stay the house, and also he prepared list of cafe shops or restaurants around the house. I appreciated that. So we enjoyed stay in Brooklyn. Susan was very accommodating and always on top of communication. There is a doorman at the building who made check in super easy. + the space has lots of natural light and is in a great neighbourhood. Would highly recommend this to anyone.  Great location, peaceful ambience, so comfortable. Hot tea, throws and magazines were welcome on our rainy, chilly afternoon. Restaurant recommendations were right on target, apartment was clean and exceptionally well-equipped. Its so lovely when ones expectations are exceeded!! This was an amazing place to stay. The pictures dont quite do it justice. The space is big. It was perfect for us as a couple and the ceilings are high. It feels very spacious and, in New York, that is so luxurious. Its also setup very well as a guest space. The bathroom is clean and minimal and Susan even included things like a disposable razor and a new bar of soap. Theres a gym downstairs with plenty of equipment for a good workout and there are good restaurants in the neighborhood both for a quick snack and for a nice date night. I couldnt have asked for a better spot.  Susans place was amazing, clean, and beautiful. We had a great time and loved every second of her place. Stay here if you get the chance! Wow!!!! Susans place was so amazing! I genuinely LOVED my stay. The apt looked just like the pictures, maybe even better in person. High ceilings, lots of natural sunlight, and very clean! To top it off, Susan left a bottle of Prosecco waiting for us at check in! Overall it was such an incredible stay. Thanks so much Susan! This was a great place to stay in Brooklyn. Susan was really easy to communicate with and made our brief trip easy and comfortable. Perfect! Thank you! I booked Susans space for my parents visiting over Thanksgiving. The apartment is spacious, with tall ceilings and great natural light. Its a calm, comfortable place with wonderful amenities (coffee, quality cookware, elevator building). They loved it and would stay again. Susan is also a fantastic communicator. Highly recommended as a space to recharge in a busy city. The host canceled this reservation 35 days before arrival. This is an automated posting."	1
757	"This is an awesome place in a great area. Great staff. Very clean and the fourth floor was very quiet. Bathrooms never crowded at all. Cool lobby/lounge to chill in. Has a tiny ""bodega there haha Great neighborhood but Id definitely do a room with a window. The ones without are just a bit too small. Id stay again in the future if it was for a weekend, but probably not more than a day or two.  Perfect experience.  Thanks! It is what you expect for the price. You have a very very small closet like room without a window and one light to stay in. It is just you so you can lock your belongings. The common area is very basic - couch, music and a terrace I wouldnt able to use due to the weather. The bathroom could be cleaner - I didnt use it but showered at a friends place. The bed is too small, I am 56"" and my legs didnt fit.  The staff was very friendly and willing to help me with anything I needed. The room was all I expected and it looks just like the pictures. It can get quite noisy at night so I wouldnt recommend it for light sleepers or for long stays (the bed was too small). The neighboardhood felt safe and I was at walking distance from many trains that got me all over the city. As an overall it was a good experience. My stay was great! For the price, I was pleasantly surprised. Clean showers, great soaps/shampoo and decent living quarters. I did go in the middle of winter so was lucky that there werent too many guests and therefore too long of a wait for the showers or too loud of a night that I couldnt sleep. But Id come back gladly if I visited nyc again! First time, I was surprised because those rooms are dormitory.  But Bowery House is near to subway so you can travel to Menhattan eaisily.  Of course reasonable prices. Un muy buen lugar para conocer el sur de Manhattan, Cerca de Soho , China Town , Little Italy . Los anfitriones muy buenos en todos los aspectos y un lugar con encanto especial !   The Bowery house style is very atypical! but the host is very cool and it is a great deal if you look for a low price room but clean and in a great location. I only stayed 2 nights before I moved in my new flat in LES. Spring street is 1 min walk away, lower east side at 5 min. The living room is as described and my stay was great! The people were lovely and the Bowery Houe was charming- I couldnt sleep at all though because there were no ceilings on the cabins and My room was right by the restroom with doors opening and snorting all night so I ended up checking out early. I was traveling for interviews so it didnt work out for me but it would have been great on a leisure trip  My stay at The Bowery House was functional - a clean, safe place to rest my head for a couple of nights at a great location in Lower Manhattan. Expect a hostel-type set up - all the Cabins are in one big open environment. This space is also very resonant - wooden walls, doors and stone floor - so hopefully your fellow guest are courteous and attempt to keep noise to a minimum. Beds are comfy but small - Im a 58"" girl and my feet were out the end! A good nights sleep sadly not guaranteed but hey, the place does the job for the price. A beautiful building and great friendly staff. Definitely best if you know you just need a bed to crash in.  Even though it was only a one night stay I felt welcomed by the young and friendly staff. The bed was rather small and my feet did reach over it. Even though there was only one toilet between mutliple people I still found time to for myself. Would recommend for the one or two night stay but for a good nights sleep not so much. Still enjoyed myself. Listing was accurate, shared bathroom was well maintained and clean! The location is convenient — just a few blocks from the Subway, and the staff were very helpful. I stayed in an original cabin. It took some getting used to because it was so small, but the building is beautiful. If you can hack small spaces and noises all around you, do it! Would place it squarely between a hostel and a hotel. You get your own room (~4ft x 6ft), which includes a twin bed (6ft) and a two drawer night stand. Didnt use the common area, but sounded fun. Share a shower. The shampoo, etc. is decent. Includes a towel and ear plugs.     Great for a night or two it is cost efficient for getting your own space. More ideal for someone wanting a hostel than a hotel, but would definitely stay again. The Bowery House has become my go-to place to stay when I""m in NYC. The cabins, while small and no-frills, are very clean and cozy, and they recently began providing bottled water in the rooms, which is appreciated. The location is ideal, with easy access to the best neighborhoods in Manhattan, and the room prices cannot be beat. And while I dont always get a good nights sleep due to the noise levels, the warm, and friendly staff make up for the inconvenience. They always accommodate my requests in a professional and thoughtful manner, and I look forward to seeing them. I will definitely be back! Great place to stay if you are in the city for a few days.  Had the opportunity to work for the Tribeca Film Festival and enjoyed being able to return every night to this very well placed establishment. Great location and price, clean, friendly staff. Staying in a tiny room looked like a fun/new thing to try, like those compartment hotels in Japan. I was more than happy with the accommodations at this upscale, affordable hostel. I suggest bringing a robe and flip flips for the bathroom. The Red Flower bath products smell distinctive and seem of high quality. After check-out, bags can be stored for up to 24 hours at a fee of $10. Another reviewer said they were 57"" and complained of not fitting in their bed, but Im 57"" and had no trouble. An important piece of information I hadnt seen on the website: no outside guests are allowed. I liked starting my day on the rooftop with a Red Bull from the bodega, watching people on the street. Catching, in warmly and dimly lit corridors, spectral glimpses of fellow travelers whose omnipresence was suggested by the occasional necessary small human movements to break our quirkily sacred vows of silence, I felt like I was living in the dreamy subplot of a Charlie Kaufman movie. I kind of always feel like that, though. Its nice to find a cheap place in NYC where I feel at home. Will be back! Terrible - terribile  Un posto da cui scappare. Sporco, puzzolente. Un bagno per 50 camere. Senzatetto che vivono nella struttura. Insetti, zecche e tanto rumore.  Questo posto è unesperienza di vita.  . Great last minute lodging in Manhattan! Room was a bit smaller than I expected—I could touch all four walls at once—but they had everything I needed (shower, etc) and I was glad to have somewhere to stay. Boutique-level hostel! Super on-the-spot staff with timely responses, help with luggage, and information about the neighborhood and transit options. Inviting lounge area that becomes your living room. Finally, a bodega where you can pick up water, juices, snack bars, and whatever else you need to keep your strength up in the big apple, a real time saver. Overall, a great value. Walls are paper thin, so if youre a light sleeper, take advantage of the earplugs they offer. I would describe Bowery house as a land-ship, with berth rooms that are really small but who cares as long as you are spending your time outside. Not the place to repack your suitcase, try on new outfits or linger with magazines. If you are seeking a trendy, economical way to hang in NY, this is a real value. The Original Cabin rooms at the Bowery House were pretty much as described, very small, but the bed was comfortable. It would be nice if there were more hooks available, given the lack of space on the floor and nightstand. Earplugs are a must, to block out most of the snoring and outside sounds, but even with earplugs I still heard a lot of loud phone conversations at all hours, despite the ""quiet zone"" rule.  The bathrooms could definitely be a lot cleaner. I saw maids cleaning the rooms throughout the day, but the main womens bathroom was in almost constant need of attention. Also the lock on the door of the single womens bathroom did not work - multiple times someone tried to come in while I was holding the door shut with my foot. More light would also be beneficial in the bathrooms, as it was hard to see in the showers especially.  Overall not a terrible experience for a few nights, but definitely an acquired taste. The location is great. The place is clean, the rooms are very small, but cozy. It is  very noisy though. They have a lot of rooms and the place was very busy. The doors were constantly banging and the wooden walls do nothing to absorb the noise. I had hard time sleeping, since the guests were coming and going at any time during the day and night. The location is is excellent & prices are low.Good Place if you are single traveller & staying for short duration.  Bowery house is in a great location! Really nice roof as well Great location, simple and all you for a great nights sleep in the city! Great location and wonderful hosting - was immediately made so welcome, and loved the community atmosphere of The Bowery House. Felt very cinematic; loved the cabins, the living rooms, and the 24hr rooftop. Great conversation with staff and with other guests - would 100% stay there again! My stay was perfectly adequate and the Bowery Houses staff performed admirably.  My only criticism is that the Bowery House is a youth hostel (albeit a clean and well-maintained one).  There was no mention of ""hostel"" anywhere in the description of Bowery House. Top Fabulous hosts for non-fabulous accommodations. Its a hostel, so expect the usual issues that come along with staying at a hostel: people talking in the cabin areas, dirty showers, no privacy & hard to get a good nights sleep.  And the front desk/hosts really were wonderful and did everything really well. They almost made up for the all the cons.  Can be noisy, but they give you ear plugs. Great location and price. Budget accommodations in a great part of town. Easy to trains and entertainment. All was as advertised. My only warning, the beds are short. I am 6 tall and I didnt quite fit. It wasnt a deal breaker, but just something to know.  BED BUGS. I hate to have to say this, but I feel it is my duty. I stayed for one night, in room 46, and I received a string of beg bug bites on my side. Very unfortunate. I stayed in a small cabin, rooms are as described by other travellers so was fine as I knew what to expect.  Even though sound travels from cabin to cabin due to the lattice roof, the other guests kept noise to a minimum, so that wasnt an issue.  If you want to do hair / makeup then Id suggest bringing your own mirror as there are none in the rooms. Staff are super friendly and nice, location is great.    My only complaint is that I was checked into the mens floor, even though I booked and paid in advance on air bnb, as a female.  This meant that whenever I had to use the bathroom, shower etc, I had to walk out past reception, downstairs to the womens floor, find the bathrooms  and go back up to the floor above.  Definitely not convenient especially in the middle of the night.  I actually checked out a day early to find something more comfortable because of this.    I would recommend Bowery House if you are on a budget, as it is a good place to crash in a great location. i recommend checking it out in person or visiting the website, first. location and vibe are undeniably great. For reasons that would make sense to some, a good nights sleep did not happen. Good spot. Small rooms Its a really cool little hostel. A great place if youre planning on spending most of the time in the city and need a clean safe place to leave your stuff/come back to at night. The reviews said that it wasnt very quiet, but I found it quiet enough (though I wasnt there for the weekend).  Good cheap stay Es un lugar horrible, muy pequeño que escuchas la respiración de la gente de las otras cabinas. Suciedad en todos lados. Jamás limpiaron. No recomendable. Ubicación pésima.  Great place to crash for a night. You can hear other guests very clearly but for the price you cant beat this place. Place okay for a one night stay if you dont expect to much - as shown on their profile and reviews. It is a bit noisy and the bathroom is always wet (hostel with shared spaces). Good to make friends.  Nice place to crash for the night. Internet can be slow on the weekend but I got 36 meg download speeds during the week days. Great location near tons of shopping, subway terminals, and wonderful restaurants.  I am 62"" and I was fine in one of their smallest rooms. I would advise to bring unisom because you will be able to hear your neighbors but I found no problem because around 10 everyone seemed to shut down.   The room will be small, so dont expect a lot of room. Good place to leave your stuff and see the city. That said, I did work in the loung tooday for about 5 hours with no problems. Like I said the internet connection is fast during the day, when their are fewer other guests connected. nice if youre on the cheap Wonderful location and a great idea for a central and affordable accommodation package for a solo traveller. Very unique experience staying here and the staff were always friendly and helpful.  This place is in a great location, and the staff are all really friendly and helpful. It depends on your luck regarding to other guests noise levels, but on a whole, really great value for money and I enjoyed my stay! The cabin was very cozy, but Im fairly short and could touch both walls at once. It was great for just a place to sleep, which was all I needed! Check in was very quick and easy, the desk staff were friendly and useful.   Important to note: The cabins do not have ceilings to them, the trellising means you are effectively in a dorm room like a large hostel. With maybe 50 people that means there is a lot of background noise all night long.   If you are a light sleeper even with earplugs you are likely to be constantly disturbed by people arriving, walking, showering, talking, packing, or slamming doors.   I didnt manage to sleep at all and checked out early the following morning. Great place to be to experience downtown Manhattan at a great price. Loved this place. Great location and the staff were so hip and friendly and helpful. I am a female and was traveling alone and had some concerns that I might not feel safe but that was not the case at all. Rooms are secure and cozy. It is a hostel and you can definitely hear others but most guests were respectful and quiet in the designated quiet areas. They even give you earplugs which is awesome because I forgot mine. I will definitely stay here again. Good location and cool common area. Was just too loud for me to get a good nights sleep and it was very dark inside Bowery House is like a hip little dorm. The location is amazing, walkable to several fun and interesting neighborhoods. The decor was cool, cabins very cozy, staff awesome. For me this was a fun hotel alternative for a whirlwind weekend in NYC."	0
758	Clean, convenient, & congenial ~ excellent value for flying in/out if JFK. Nice and Clean. Will recommend :) :) Great for layovers at JFK! This place is near bus stop. And long island train. Subway is little bit far. I think the area is safe. I liked the host. They were kind and cooperative. Saige was very helpful with all the information I needed before the trip and Im thankful to him for receiving me at 2:30 AM. I had a very good experience overall. Terrible	0
759	This location was amazing, so close to everything including Times Square. Her place has everything you need from a washer and dryer to a wine fridge. I will say it is up 3 flights of stairs, so if you have issues with stairs this might not be the place for you. She helped us out at the last minute when another host stopped responding and we had no where to go. She was very nice, accommodating and responded very fast to all my messages and texts. Great experience! Jowelles place is in a perfect location! Liked the apartment as well, EXCEPT for the mattress... the mattress is VERY uncomfortable so keep that in mind when booking. This place is very quiet and clean. Its also very close to public transportation, good restaurants, the Central Park, and Times Square. I loved my one week stay, thank you! Loved Jowelle. She was amazingly helpful when I contacted her at very short notice because I had had a booking cancel on me while I was on a red eye to New York! She was terrific!Loved staying in her  flat - it is a brilliant location in Hells Kitchen which was  perfect for  me with a short walk to Broadway for work , and I really appreciated Jowelle being so responsive when I had queries or if something didnt work properly.   A few things to note before you book- it was much smaller than I imagined  so if theres more than one person for more than a day or 2 it would be very tight. The stairs were really tricky with luggage on my own. Dont remember reading about no elevator before booking so if thats an issue for you make sure to note that its up 3 narrow flights of stairs. First the good, Great location, central to midtown which was very important to us. Very Clean apartment. Host is very easy to get in touch with and let us checkin early. Unfortunately, You can hear the neighbors. Also the temperature is set for the building meaning you can not control the temp of the apartment. Windows view is of another apartment. Jowelle’s place was very lovely.   The location was great; there were many restaurants and fun things to do.  I went for work so I didn’t really go out much after I got back to the apartment but the few times I went out I had fun.  Having a washer and a dryer was absolutely the best.     The apartment is on the 2-3rd floor and so you do have to go up several flights of stairs with luggage.  Jowelle does request that you take the keys to a different place and that could be a bit inconvenient.  However, Joewelle is very understanding and can work around that request.  Overall, it was a great experience. This apartment was perfect for our weekend in nyc! The location is nice as it is not a far walk from Times Square and Central Park and Jowelle was great with communicating with us! Exactly like it’s advertised, central to a lot of touristy spots. Was my best Airbnb experience yet! L’appartement est parfait pour un couple. Idéalement situé, très proche de Times Square et en même temps au calme. Rien à dire hormis, vous pouvez y aller les yeux fermés  Jowelle est réactif ce qui est appréciable. Appartamento al 3 piano senza ascensore quindi con i bagagli non è comodissimo anche perché le scale sono strette. Posizione comoda per la metro e si possono raggiungere alcuni punti a piedi ( time square, Rockefeller , st patrick’s cathedral, Central park e MoMA) The apartment is centrally located and provides a comfortable stay for anyone visiting NYC. I highly recommend it! Great location, quick responses, awesome price. Highly recommended!	1
760	"Thanks to Annika we had a great weekend in NYC, her appartment his a really nice and cosy place, not too far from Manhattan and all touristic places. I highly recommend it ! Nous avons passé 11 jours dans lappartement dAnnika. Lappartement est spacieux et très agréable. Il correspond tout à fait aux photos publiées sur le site. Lappartement est situé à 5 minutes à pied de la station de métro J (gates) qui permet de rejoindre Manhattan en 30 minutes. Annika a toujours répondu très rapidement à nos questions par mail ce qui est très agréable. Elle nous a également permis darriver tôt le matin et de repartir plus tard dans laprès midi. Nous recommandons vivement cet appartement. Our stay at Annikas apartment was great! Very spacious and comfortable home, all the decorations made our stay feel like a real holiday. We found everything we were looking for. I recommend Annikas place !! We spent a week of holiday in Annika’s apartment and we really enjoyed our stay!  We were four people: my wife (45) , her parents (67 and 74) and I (44).  The apartment is spacious, with a very wide and sunny living room. It’s nicely furnished and decorated and you clearly understand that’s the place where Annika’s family usually live. Everything is clean and tidy. We slept well every night, because it’s a quiet street. Annika even left us food supplies and beverages in the fridge and suggested us to use what we needed.  We really like this Brooklyn district and we felt safe also when its dark. The J line subway is only 5 minute walking, and it was suitable especially for my wife’s parents: after every day spent walking around Manhattan, they were always tired and they really appreciated they could easily reach the apartment to relax before dinner.  Coming back by subway from Manhattan in the late evening, we usually got off at Gates station where there’s a Key Food Supermarket (open till 9pm during weekday), full of everything we needed for breakfast and dinner. We prepared our meals using burners and oven every night, since Annika’s kitchen is very well equipped and so liveable that we felt like at home.  Unfortunately, we didn’t meet Annika and her family, since she was away for the week; yet she welcomed us by (Hidden by Airbnb) and asked a friend to receive and let us in on our arrival, the first evening. During the week we kept in touch with her by (Hidden by Airbnb) , but everything was so easy that we didn’t need much help.  On departure day, even if Annika was coming back to her home, she allowed us to leave our baggage inside the house, so that we could spent our last day of holiday untroubled until late afternoon.  We highly recommend Annika’s accommodation (it’s much better than our last experience in Brooklyn, last year) and we hope to find future occasion to repeat this fine experience.   Lappartement dAnnika est très agréable et spacieux, nous avons pu y séjourner à 5 et la climatisation fut la bienvenue pour supporter la chaleur de lété New-Yorkais.  Le logement est très bien situé, beaucoup de commerces sont à proximité de même que 2 lignes de métro qui permettent de se rendre sur lîle de Manhattan en moins de 30 minutes.  Avant et durant notre séjour, Annika a toujours répondu très rapidement à nos interrogations. Elle nous a par ailleurs transmis avant notre notre départ, de nombreuses informations sur son quartiers et des adresses de ""petits coins"" sympas.  En résumé, nous ne pouvons que recommander lappartement dAnnika pour profiter pleinement de New-York. Muy buena anfitriona.  Annika is a very kind host! The house is very nice, near the subway. We reccomend it :) Annikas home in Brooklyn is wonderful.  Prior communication was excellent and we easily made a plan for check-in.   We were able to find street parking in the neighborhood pretty easily.   Upon arrival, I noticed a beautiful, HUGE flower arrangement and a bottle of wine to welcome us! There was more than enough room for three of us and plenty of room to visit with my two older children when they came over.   This is an exceptionally large space for NYC and Annika has set up her home to be comfortable and functional at the same time.  There is also the most positive vibe all over the place from the lovely family who live here. A really special place! Great space that is smaller furnished and homey. Kind owners and an awesome cat."	1
761	"This is a sweet studio with a separate small kitchen. The location is terrific and its bright, clean and quiet. Wed definitely stay here again!! Ido was out of the town so We didnt meet him, but his friend received us very well. Idos place is well located and its super nice place for a couple.  excellent apartment and location.  few minutes walk to the subway station.  very very quiet.  i recommend this apartment to anybody.  unfortunately i didnt meet ido but we were in a friendly email contact.  ido left some beer in the fridge with the respective note:  ""help you self"".  very welcoming!  on top of that, ido offered a flexible check out time.  internet speed is very good too.  i repeat, i recommend this apartment     ruedi bosshart  zurich   switzerland The apt is really nice and the location is just wonderful! 5 min by walk from the subway, 5 min away from the Central park, terrific UWS place to live and walk. The apt is comfortable for a couple. Thanks to Ido. Ill be happy to come back. Ido was very helpful considering that he arranged everything in one day. My previous Airbnb reservation was cancelled a few hours before the check in and fortunately I found Idos place. He was fast and made things easy and basically prevented me from being homeless.   The place is great and cozy, the neighborhood is the best one in NYC.  I would totally come back to this place next time in New York. we booked just a couple of days in advance.  The apartment was just what we were looking for. 3 mins from the 72nd subway station and in a convenient location.  The apartment was clean & tidy. we didnt use anything but the bed and shower which were great !  would very much recommend ! My friend and I enjoyed our stay at Idos apartment.  It was very clean and comfortable and a great location, only 5 min from subway but on a very quiet street in a lovely old brownstone house.  It was on the main floor so no stairs to climb    It is my favourite neighbourhood in Manhattan,  I would certainly stay there again and would happily recommend it.  Ido was available by phone if there were any problems. Great location and design. Everything is great---no tv, but iPads can substitute. If you are planning on visiting NYC this is a great base station. Ido is marvelous....could not be more accommodating, accessible, responsible and charming.  Thanks for all! Loved staying at Idos place. The location is awesome, close to central park, museums and subway.    Apartment is really nice and as a solo female traveller I felt very safe.    Thanks for having me Ido! The host was nice and quite understandfull to let us check in late until now me and my sister coming from Europe to spend 5 days in nyc.. He delegated the welcome work to a friend who was really nice. The flat was as described, very well located except for the hygiene, not really clean. Im just shocked as i just received an email from the host arguing that we have broken a door. I dont even know how to break a door... The reservation was canceled 38 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great find! Close to everything. Plenty of space for me and my girlfriend, very romantic for a weekend get away.    Ido personally greeted us and gave us some suggestions as where to go and how to get there, very helpful.    The wifi was fast and the shower was hot, what more could guest ask for? The place was clean upon arrival and Ido was kind enough to leave us a bottle of champagne.     Highly recommend this place to any solo or couple looking spend a relaxing and enjoyable time in the big city.   The apartment was on a great location, next to the red line so in 5 minutes you can get the Midtown or any other places. Very nice and safe neighborhood as well, lot of restaurants, several supermarkets...  Ido was very helpful, everything we asked to him, he answered too fast, even we left something on the apt the last day and he managed to send it to us to our country! he is a great hostess. Extremely clean and comfortable. What you see is exactly what you get. Loved staying here. Comfortable bed, perfect size room and very quite.   This location is key for my working needs, being close to the Lincoln Center and Central Park. Plenty of places to eat, drink and grocery shop.   Ido was always quick to respond and work with my crazy schedule. I highly recommend Ido and his place.  Thank you very much for everything.  Idos apartment was what we expected. The location was superb. Close to central park for morning walks and close to the 1,2,3 trains. Great restaurants nearby. Ido was understanding with our late night checkin. We stayed for 2 weeks and it was more reasonable than a hotel. We havent met Ido in person but he checked in once a while if everything was OK. Definitely a great stay. Thank you Ido  The apartment is perfectly located close to everything. Few blocks away from subway lines 1 or B&C and to the Central Park. Its comfortably locates on the first floor in a very safe and charming neighborhood. It has high ceilings, its quite, facing the inner courtyard with very little natural light …  The kitchen is very well equipped and the bed is wonderful.  During our two-weeks stay, Ido responded quickly and friendly.    It was a perfect choice for it location and cost. We enjoyed our stay.   Thank you so much, Ido, for letting my parents stay at your place while they visited me in NYC. The place is beautiful and a terrific location! Getting and returning the keys were super easy. Thanks again! Thanks for this wonderfull week ! The appartement is perfect. Good place, near subway , Central park and restaurants.  We didnt cook in the kitchen. The bed was confortable. The area is very safe.   Very good  ! Good localization but there are rats in the apartment. I reported that they had eaten the bag and the bread inside. The only suggestion of the owner was not leaving exposed foods.  I didnt leav exposed fods.  I found the rats a few days after the start of accommodation. I stayed in somewhere else then for 5 days but not received compensation.   The host made us feel welcome and answered when we asked questions. Its location was perfect being close to our daughters apartment. The main room was large and rather Spartan, no tv, no eating table, and the wooden floors very creaky. The picture for the apartment is accurate, but tells little about the situation. There was a tiny little closet with a shelf or two, so that we could put a few clothes in it. But mostly we had to live out of our suitcase because the other closets were filled with the owners clothes and no drawers were available. A set of clean towels was left for us. The bathroom and kitchen are tiny, but manageable. But without a sit down table, the kitchen facilities lose their luster. When we arrived, the maid was still cleaning the apartment and the bed was mussed from either the owner or previous tenant. When we went to bed I noticed that the same comforter was used for us without a top sheet. The radiator heating system was terrible. It went from extreme hot to cold with no control. When the radiator filled with water, it rattled like a clumsy drummer for anywhere from 30 seconds to 2 minutes at decibel levels exceeding 110 as measured on our phone app. When cold outside, it cycled at various intervals between 15 and 30 minutes. This noxious sound prevented any sound or continuous sleeping through most of the week, but one day was warm, so we got some sleep one night. To keep  from sweating in the bed from the extreme heat, we opened a window and turned on the a/c. We should have stayed at the hotel.  Great impression for my first ever rental. The apartment was spotless, in a prime location on the Upper West Side, and Ido was very helpful setting it up on short notice. Thanks! The host canceled this reservation 12 days before arrival. This is an automated posting."	0
762	Had amazing lighting and was externally spacious.  Great and convinced  Andre is a great host who communicates quick and offers reliable help for problems. Everything was very well organised and taken care of.  The room and the apartment are big in size. The room has no working heater and a bad heat isolation. I was provided with an electrical heater for ma It is either very cold or very hot. The street in front of the house is very busy and thus, loud at night. I was very unlucky with my drug-addict roommates, who were in the end taken by the police for not paying rent. The area did not feel safe to me. The kitchen has no proper equipment for cooking; soap and toilet paper in the bathroom were not refilled regularly. Even though there was someone coming regularly to clean and to take out the garbage, the apartment was very dusty and in the kitchen sticky.  The location near a huge supermarket and close to the subway was very convenient! I would recommend the room for short time stays. We were in a hurry to find a home for the night and Andre was really reactive and helpful. The place is fine, 50 min from manatthan. I recommend.  First and foremost, very professional and exceptional with communication. Typically responds within the hour, no matter the time. Most notably, Andre is able to resolve any disputes he has with his patrons in an amicable and courteous manner. I would recommend that other Air BnB hosts take some pages out of Andres figurative host book. I can confidently say that it was a pleasure staying at his listing.   I would highly recommend! A nice and clean place to stay. On weekends the neighbors like to have parties though. Andre is a great host who is always quick to respond to any questions or problems that you may have. Target and train right around the corner. About 45 minute subway ride sitting rush hour, less during off hours. Andre is very friendly, professional and the house is kept neat and clean. The location is great with public transit and lots of shops, restaurants within walking distance. Highly recommended.	0
763	Kara was the best host ever!! She let us in early to drop off our bags and the room was very clean with fresh linens and towels. Although a typical NYC apartment, there was more than  enough room for two people. The bed was very comfortable. The apt is in the LES and only a few blocks from the F train and there are a ton of shops and restaurants within walking distance.   What topped it off, and for which we are incredibly grateful, is that we forgot some items and Kara shipped them to us the next day! We couldnt be happier.   Highly recommended!!  This is a very modest space in a convenient area close to the F train and East Broadway.  The hostess was gracious and very kind. Although the apartment was very small it was in a nice location and had a 24 hour convenience store on the corner.  Some great spots to grab a quick bite to eat and a few hip bars within a few blocks.  The stairs to the fourth floor were formidable so be prepared for a climb at days end.  The space is very limited in the apartment but if you plan to be out and about this should not matter. Clean neighborhood with a school across the street.  An air conditioner helped mitigate some evening/nighttime street noise.  Wi Fi was great but no tv service.   Karas room is nicely decorated and large enough for two people if you dont want to spend the whole day inside (considering you are in New York I highly doubt that). The apartment is perfectly located between the Lower East Side and Chinatown, really great locations!    We didnt get to meet Kara since we were staying in her room. Her (Hidden by Airbnb) are friendly. The room was really clean, the apartment was the way shared flats with young people are: Not thoroughly clean (you might encounter some dirty dishes) but clean enough. Overall a recommended apartment! The location was very good, close to public transportation. Room is quite small but big enough for a short stay or one person. Bed is very comfortable. The only thing is that the place looked like it had not been cleaned for a while, especially the bathroom.  Kara was not there but she had arranged her roommate to meet us. Beautiful room and apartment! I didnt get to meet Kara but her flatmate Jeff was great and really helpful. The location is great and you can walk to lots of good bars and restaurants. The only slight issue was the AC not working, but the fan was enough to keep it cool anyway. The bed is really comfortable and its quiet so easy to sleep. I would definitely stay here again! Karas room was perfectly located for a nice weekend in NYC.  The apartment was clean and the bed comfortable.	0
764	"The apartment is clean and light-filled with a large kitchen that has all the equipment you need. The living room is nicely decorated, clutter free and has plenty of comfortable seating.The spacious bathroom has a cute claw-foot tub/shower that rocks a bit when youre taking a shower and reach from one side of the tub to the other. The keyless entry is great; no lost keys! The bed is comfortable and the two sofa beds,while not as comfortable as a great regular bed, are decent.  I reserved Jons place for my parents, aunt and uncle over a recent weekend. Naturally I wanted everything to go smoothly for them and it absolutely did. Jon was 100 percent responsive; helpful when things came up and thoughtful enough to give them a late check-out free of charge. The apartment was cheerful, beautifully located, and impeccable. I would recommend it without hesitation. My husband and I are hosts and had a timing issue with guests staying at our home longer than our vacation dates. We had forgotten to secure a place for those extra nights ahead of time and were scrambling last minute on standby to find something within 24 hours. Jon was absolutely wonderful! He communicated quickly to our questions, the instructions for arrival were perfectly detailed and the space is so beautifully decorated and inviting! After returning to our home I actually missed the nice comfortable chaise and the bright/spacious bathroom we enjoyed in his very well located South Park Slope apartment. We will definitely recommend Jons home to others and return ourselves if the need arises :) Nice airy place in a great location near the Park. The key code system is very convenient, and Jon was very willing to accommodate me with a later check out time, as my family was planning on staying until the evening. If you are having people stay in the living room, you may want to get a small fan, as the AC is only in the bedroom.  The apt. was a great location for our visit to family in Brooklyn with  easy walk to restaurants and park. The bed was very comfortable;  plenty of hot water in shower, apt was clean and comfortable.  Jon even gave us extra time to check out on our last day since no  other booking was arriving right away.  Jon, Thank you for hosting our family at your Prospect Park Apt..  This Apt. accommodated our family of 6 very well, our son, daughter-in-law & 4 yr old granddaughter slept in the living room pull out sofa and settee chair very comfortably, and the pack and play we brought for our 10 month old grandson fit well in the living room.  The bedroom was very suitable for our needs.  The kitchen was perfect with everything we needed, including a container of assorted teas and gourmet coffee to start your 1st pot of coffee.  The bathroom is spacious, supplied with fluffy white towels. Jons apt. was very clean and decorated very nicely.  It was very comfortable place to sit and relax during all of our activities!!!  This apt is on the 3rd floor, so the steps can be an issue if you have any problems.  Being across from Prospect Park was a big plus, also very convenient  to the subway, and the little shops and restaurants on Prospect Park West, we were able to walk to our Grandsons soccer games, Vanderbilt Playground, and our favorite stop after the playground ""Bene Pizza"".  Our family was in Brooklyn for a family celebration and our other son and his family lived nearby.  So this was perfect.  If you are looking for a place to stay to experience all the flavor of Brooklyn, with easy assess to go to Manhattan, the Prospect Expressway, the BQE, DUMBO and other points of interest this is the perfect place to stay.  Jon, Our 4 year old Granddaughter wants to know when we are going back to our ""Brooklyn Apartment"" again! We look forward to you hosting our family again soon!  Thank you,  Charlotte The apartment has a good location close to the park and subway as described, but I´m sorry to say we did not feel very welcome when we arrived because the place had not been cleaned and we could not live there.   There was no clean bed to sleep in when we arrived late at night. It did not live up to our expectations from the pictures.  We had a hard time getting in contact with the host about this within the first 24 hours.   We left the place the next day although we had rented for 2 months. We stayed with Jon for over a month. Very easy to deal with.  Quick to reply.  The photos were the same as what we walked in to.  Great experience and hope to stay again.  Thanks Jon! Jons home is well appointed with everything necessary.   It was decorated very nice.  He was very responsive to communication and check-in was a breeze.  I rented this place for my daughter for an internship in Brooklyn.   I would rent from Jon again. My family and I stayed at Jons place while we renovated our apartment.  He was communicative, and understanding when we needed to extend our stay (several times).  The apartment is in a fantastic location- Im a runner and it was lovely to have Prospect Park just across the street.  My two boys played there every day.  Windsor Terrace is a beautiful, friendly neighborhood.  This is a great spot for a vacation or as a long-term option. Nice house, great location in front of Prospect Park"	0
765	"Jennys apartment is a great place to stay in New York, both for short-term and long-term travelers. Jenny is always reachable and provide what guests need. If I can, I will visit Jennys place again in the future.  Jenny was wonderful and very accommodating! The apartment is super close to the subway which will take you basically anywhere, and there are a lot of cute little places within walking distance. (I recommend the crepe place just around the corner!)  Jennys apartment was exactly like the pictures. It was clean and pretty spacious. However, the neighbourhood was quite loud at night, and Jenny completed only the bare minimum duties of a host. I did not get the chance to meet her despite being at the apartment at the same time. The accommodation was perfect! Jenny""s apartment was clean, comfortable, and the location is great.  We would stay there again. Great place to stay! Had the entire apartment to ourselves and it was clean with everything we couldve needed ready for us. The only qualm I had about the place would be the four flights of stairs we had to climb up and down, but other than that an ideal location. A spacious and comfortable place like in the photos Jenny was an AWESOME host! She was very friendly and nice. She even offered us recommendations on places to go and see. The room was very comfortable for my sister and I. We were able to utilize the living room for our luggage to save space in the room. The 4 flights of stairs werent always fun but I feel like I got a great workout! Overall, it was a great expierence.  The place is as described. Very neat and private. Definitely would recommend to stay here. The location is perfect due to two nearby subway stations and central park only being two blocks away. I loved my stay.  The photos didnt really match the apartment and we didnt really get to talk to Jenny that much, even though she was home a lot. But she always answered questions if needed, and she is very nice! We would stay here again.  This place was perfect for me.  Great location.  Would book again.  Only complaint is the bedroom is on front of building with big windows so light streams in which woke me up early each morning.  Little better curtains to block the light would be a plus. Very nice apartment. Great value, especially for new York. Jenny did her beat to accomdate us Jennys apartment is in a great location for Central Park, especially if you like walking and running. Two Metro stations and a wide choice of good bars and restaurants are nearby. The host canceled this reservation 14 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Our stay at Jennys place was great. The location is perfect, the apartment was clean and the room very cozy. Jenny was a great host, she responded quickly to the questions we had prior to our stay. Highly recommended! Tolle Lage, klare Empfehlung A nice apartment with a cozy private room! We had no problems with the check-in, loved the district and, all in all, really enjoyed our stay. Thank you, Jenny! The host canceled this reservation 91 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The place was ok except the fact that the linens weren’t changed/washed before our arrival. We found hairs under the blanket and the linens were messy underneath. We had a great time at Jennys place.  It was clean and quiet, half the time we didnt even know Jenny was there.  Her apartment is located close to two subway stations, so its extremely easy to get around.  Be warned though! it is up five flights of stairs and is on a little bit of a noisy street.  Over all we had a great trip and really enjoyed staying in Jennys apartment! Thanks again for having us! She gave us all details before the trip, our room was great. Thanks! Jennys place is cute and clean, and we had a great stay. The location is fab, and we were easily able to get around. I appreciated the ease of both checking in and out and also appreciated that when I first contacted her about our stay, she put a hold on those dates while my friend reviewed the details. Thanks Jenny! Great location and our host Jenny was really friendly, informative and laid back. She gave us our privacy which was great but was only a message away. Lovely home, quite small but perfect for what we needed. All in all a great trip and an amazing city to visit! Jenny’s place was nice- easy access to the subway and a quick walk to Central Park attractions. Great value! One thing to note- this is a street-facing bedroom and can be a little noisy. This is a great little walk up. The location can not be beat and Jenny was a great host. It is close to great food Central Park and the subway. Highly recommended. Great place! Jenny was so helpful, and a great host. We recommend anyone visiting the city to stay. Jenny was great. Even though the apartment is shared I felt like I had the place for myself most of the time. Jenny was extremely accommodating with us, and the location of her apartment is perfect! Very close to the Central Park, the subway, and numerous delis, restaurants, corner shops, etc. The living room appeared a little different from the picture, but the apartment and room were cozy, and we had a very comfortable stay. Checking in and out was easy, the instructions were clear, and Jenny was a great communicator"	1
766	"We enjoyed to stay in Marks apartment. The view of Manhattan from the terrasse is amazing. At night its enchanting! Even it is not located out of Manhattan, it is very simple to go there (one metro station). The neighborhood have all the the commodities in a walking distance.   The apartment is really great - ""luxury"" is not an usurped word.  We enjoyed to drink the bottle of wine Mark left for us.  To be recommended.   Great place to stay ! One stop away from Manhattan . Gorgeous view of the city . Extremely clean and  modern apartment tastefully decorated . Host was easy to get in touch with . Clear and easy instructions to get in the apartment . Helpful tips for exploring the neighborhood. Looking forward to coming back soon !  Didnt have some basics like tissues or curtains. Area was great for my needs, but to be clear, its in Queens. Spacious.  Great apartment, not too far from the city, has everything you need.  Nous avons beaucoup apprécié notre séjour dans l’appartement de Mark. Nous nous y sommes tout de suite senti bien. L’appartement, à trois stations de métro de Times Square, est particulièrement bien situé. Il est moderne, confortable et bien équipé, agencé et décoré. Et les vues sur New York sont époustouflantes ! Mark a toujours été très réactif pour répondre à nos questions. Si un jour, j’ai la chance de retourner à NYC, je ne chercherai pas ailleurs…  Great place to stay with a great view. Location was perfect for a stay in New York.  I had my parents and aunt stay at Marks place. They were all very satisfied with the apt. The apt is clean, quiet, quite large and beautifully decorated. It was equipped well with good quality soaps, detergents, high-speed internet, Netflix, Nespresso, etc. Its only a few blocks away from the subway and restaurants. The apt is on the 6th floor facing the East River and midtown Manhattan, so it was a perfect place to enjoy Macys 4th of July fireworks w/o having to deal with traffic, crowds, etc. The host Mark was very accommodating, polite and fast to respond to questions.     Really a perfect place! The view is absolutely incredible and in a great area. Mark was very quick to respond and got me everything I needed! A++ Marks place was very clean and everything was exactly like how he described it. Our stay was wonderful and we would definitely come back here again!  Let me start off by saying the pictures dont do this place justice, and the view is out of this world!!! Mark greeted us when we met him, and he was very nice & welcoming!  The rooms were very clean and comfortable. The AC worked amazing.  The neighborhood is quiet and clean, only two stops away from Grand Central. Theres a little gas station / convenience store across the street where you can stop and get snacks, drinks, beer. Totally convenient! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone!!  What a great place to stay, very spacious, great views especially at night, some lovely places to eat nearby and really convenient to get into Manhattan easily. Mark was a great host, responded quickly every time and was always so helpful. We would definitely recommend. I echo what other past reviewers have said - this is a great, stylish place in a good location. Four of us were in town to watch the US Open and this was a great locale for getting both to the games and to the city. Marks good recs were spot on - we tried his French restaurant rec and the bakery nearby and both were fantastic. Instructions and getting into the building were a breeze. Will definitely look this place up the next time we pop into NYC. We had a great stay at Marks place. We never got to meet him but he was incredibly accessible and responsive on the phone. His condo has great views of the city and is very close to Gantry Park which was a great place to walk/run. We had a lovely stay there. Dit luxe en schone appartement voldeed aan al onze verwachtingen, is prima gelegen en heeft zelfs een klein balkon met uitzicht over Manhattan. Een prima prijs/prestatie en dus een echte aanrader! Fantastic apartment and location. Better than on the pictures. Serviceminded host. We will recommend it to all those who want to stay sentral to Manhattan, but at the same time in a quiet area. Great host and great apartment! We’ve been able to adjust our first 3 days in the U.S. in the most confortable way. Perfect location to balance exploration of Manhattan and peaceful rest in a relaxed residential neighbourhhod. Gorgeous views outside and beautiful interior. Mark has been “there” for us all the time, in spite of distance and time difference. A top level “acupuncture” way of hosting, just on point and never too much:) Fantastic experience in all, with many thanks! Nous avons passé un séjour fantastique. L’appartement est idéalement situé et parfait pour un séjour à New-York. Mark est à l’écoute et tout est très bien organisé. Everything about our experience with Mark and his home was top notch.  Excellent communication and hospitality.  Perfect location with easy access to the city and amazing views.  We could not have asked for anything more!! Great place. Extremely clean, very quiet even by NYC standards, self check in very easy, very responsive with messages. Couldn’t find a fault."	1
767	Sanam was so quick to answer all questions and very professional - it was a great location for our relatives to stay at when visiting. Sanams room is very clean and nice!! This building is located at really convenient location for everything, so we could stay there very comfortably. Sanam was a very goog host for us,too. She responded very quickly all the time and so helpful. Doorman at this building is so kind and nice also. I recommend this room for everybody! Zusammen mit 2 Freundinnen habe ich 1 Woche in Sanams Apartment gewohnt. Sie selbst war nicht zu Hause und wir hatten die geräumige Wohnung ganz für uns. Die Lage ist super für Ausflüge in jegliche Richtungen - vieles ist zu Fuß zu erreichen (zB Times Square und Central Park). Die Wohnung war sehr sauber. Vom Wohnzimmerfenster aus sieht man das Chrysler-Building und sogar die Spitze des Empires!  Da am Eingang rund um die Uhr Doormen sind, fühlt  man sich stets sicher. Ich kann das Apartment und die Lage nur empfehlen.    Vor unserem  Besuch war Sanam stets zu erreichen und hat uns auch viele Tips zu NY gegeben! Vielen Dank auch dafür! La casa es muy acogedora y espaciosa, nos sentimos como en nuestra propia casa, bien situada, limpia y con todas las comodidades que se podría esperar. My husband and I really enjoyed our stay in this apartment. Location was great and the apartment was very comfortable and clean, just as described. Sanam made us feel very welcome with a few surprise breakfast items and chocolate. Communication was excellent. I would stay there again if visiting NYC in the future. My friend and I enjoyed our recent stay.  The apartment was clean, inviting and perfect for two people.  It was close to the spots we wanted to visit and easy subway rides to others.  Sanam communicated great on everything and was responsive to any questions that came up.  Unlike our previous Airbnb experience where it was almost impossible to get a hold of our host.  Would definitely stay here again.	1
768	As always since my boyfriend and myself have been staying there for about 3 weeks all ready m, while we look for our apartment, our stay has been very welcoming and warm! My boyfriend and myself didn’t plan on staying a late long as we have have, while we have been apartment hunting.  Stating with Spirit and Rosa had really been such a great experience,  they have been great hostess and spread such care and warm energy.  When you book with them you will feel the same :/) My boyfriend and myself, have stayed with Rosa and Spirit for about 3 weeks, as we apartment shopped.  Throughout the time we stayed we felt so welcomed and it was very convenient for us to have a washer and dryer, comfy beds, the babies didn’t make much noise and if they did, we barely noticed.  Highly recommend to book with them.  They were so sweet to even make a little room for us in the fridge, as our stay was longer then expected. Much love!!! Spirit was the nicest person and tried to help me when I needed an extra night, though I did find another place to stay... He also moved me from one room to a bigger and nicer room while he was away with his family... He also waited for me to check in late at night while I was visiting a friend. Wonderful person and very thoughtful! Gave them a 5 Star all around!! Beautiful Home. Beautiful Family. My First Experience With Air BnB And Spirit And Rosa Were Excellent❤️. Would Definitely Stay Again Its a very nice and convenient place.	1
769	The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Todo estuvo muy bien, nos avisó las indicaciones del lugar y la menera de accesar de manera muy específica, por lo que no tuvimos ningún problema. Está súper ubicado de varias cosas por visitar en N.Y.C. La descripcion del anuncio fue correcta, el lugar estaba muy bien localizado cerca de la estacion de buses y la estacion de metro.  駅の目の前で立地はとても良いです!ただ、そのせいか騒音が気になります。部屋は枕と布団も用意されてありますが、私はアレルギー性鼻炎、友人は蕁麻疹になり、あまり良くない環境と思い滞在予定より早く出ました。お風呂やトイレは快適とは言えない使い心地でした。そして何より、鍵が滞在しているグループより足りなくて、滞在が被った方に教えられて鍵を作りに行きました。ホストにメールしても対応が遅くとても困りました。 host is very helpful	0
770	"4 guys from India lived there, they were really easygoing ;-) The price was really great so I dont want to complain too much. Kitchen, table and bathroom were small and not perfectly clean. We were sleeping in the living room, it was ok, but one guy woke up early in the morning so it woke us up too. The location is great - by Central Park.  Another host that lies about their listing. I find this to be completely fraudulent and unacceptable to lie to paying guests and not list proper amenities and to charge a cleaning fee for a dirty messy apartment. One host Huseyin was obnoxious and didnt greet or talk to me. It was too cold and I spoke to another airbnb guest and he was not liking the fact they lied about amenities and didnt have heat as he was freezing just like I was and we didnt have nothing but thin sheets to cover ourselves.  I am leaving mu comment for spanish spoken people. El barrio es decididamente feo y sucio, solo se consiguen comida chatarra, aunque no es peligroso y el subte está muy cerca. El departamento está bien si solo buscas una cama y una ducha en Manhattan, pero hay que estar dispuesto a compartir un living con 5 personas, bunk bed, platos sucios permanentemente, un solo baño, etc. La limpieza no está tan mal, excepto por el movimiento diario.  Thanks for the superb host! Clean and tidy apartment. Very well decorated. Its only steps away from the subway. Id stay here again  Nice place. Very clean and safe. Clean and tidy apartment. I cant wait to come back again.  Good location and clean apartment  This is NOT a place you want to stay. The apartment is very unsanitary and not fit for guests. The kitchen hadnt been cleaned in what looked like a week, the bathroom was disgusting and the toilet didnt flush. The promised ""essentials"" were not available and when dealing with the host I found him to be very unfriendly and difficult. It is not worth your money to stay here! Very comfortable place for travelers and (Hidden by Airbnb) are so friendly, apartment is clean and quite.  Andy WA v Easy access to have your own key. Come and go as you please. Kitchen was extremely small && refrigerator needs replaced. Great friendly guys that live at the home! dont stay. I left the place as soon as i checked in Good for its price. Mehmet is special to me Have a good location and Mehmet it’s awesome Very good rooms, host is friendly and helpful. Was only here for one night with 4 buddies but was the best we could ask for! Mehmet is a very helpful guy, always trying to do the best for you feel confortable. I really recomnend his place for those visiting NY. amazing place, the people is nice, Mehmet help me in everything, and is close to central park, i recommend this place The owner is very hospitable."	0
771	The room was huge with plenty of outlets & the wifi was excellent. The building & so apartment  were easy to get into (thanks to a detailed message from Emma before I arrived)and the elevator always came quickly. The apartment was very clean & quiet. Ill definitely come back again on my next trip, thanks Emma! Le logement se situe dans un quartier populaire et vivant de Brooklyn à même pas 2 blocks vous avez la ligne de métro B qui vous emmène directement à Manhattan ou alors à la plage (Brighton Beach) La chambre est un havre de paix. Lappartement est grand et pourrez vous installer tranquillement dans le salon et Kite quelques-uns des livres que vous trouverez sur place. Emma est très disponible et elle a parfaitement et rapidement répondu à toutes mes questions. Merci Emma. Excellent place to stay! Large spacious room in Brooklyn with easy access to the train system. I would stay here again. Emmas room was big and beautiful. Perfect for a couple with a young child. The kitchen was fully equipped and only a few short blocks to the subway. Definitely a good value for Brooklyn, so close to Prospect Park. Our stay at Emma’s was wonderful, it was our first time in New York and the place was very warm and cozy. Emma was very responsive with our questions and Jenna answered our questions while we were there. Would definitely recommend this beautiful place.	1
772	Lucy was absolutely a great host. Her place was super clean and comfortable. Her bathroom was awesome for a hot bath after long days of walking in NY city. She gave us great tips and recommended awesome places as we got to know NY. Lucy made feel very comfortable at all times. The neighborhood is very nice and safe and is about 7 minutes walking distance from the subway or train. You will not regret staying in her awesome and cozy place.     OH YEAH, she makes great French Pressed Coffee!  Lucy was an amazing host! She was incredibly fast in her responses and very friendly the entire time I was there. Thanks to all of her tips and advice on New York, she led us to getting half off tickets to a Broadway show! Lucys apartment is beautifully decorated and her photos do not do her actual apartment justice. On the day we left, Lucy was nice enough to make us coffee, which was really nice! Lucy not only responded to every and any question we had, she also went above and beyond by sending us helpful tips and hints on NYC. Lucys apartment is also located in a very safe neighborhood and the elevator to her apartment was really awesome! Thank you so much Lucy! Lucy is owesome host! The apartment is clean with convenient location. What is most important, Lucy is so kind and considerate while I living in her flat. This was my first time for visiting USA, really knew rare things about the cities, However, with her help, I got lots of information about NY city and enjoyed my trip. That is why I changed my plan, and renewed another 8 days for NY. Lucy是很棒的房東。她的公寓很乾淨整潔、地理位置也很好,而且處於布魯克林的猶太區,相對也比較安全(至少我作為女生,夜晚十一點多走在回去的路上不會太擔心安全問題)。而且Lucy很熱心也很體貼,當她知道我需要去哪裡或想要做什麼,她會盡可能的提供相關信息並告訴我需要任何操作。所以我後來直接改了我的旅行計畫,在紐約待了將近兩週的時間。真的很開心遇到Lucy這樣的房主! Lucy is great host as I described previously  Lucy was an outstanding host. She helped us a lot, was always ready to answer our questions and gave us much advice. She even help us to carry our luggage.  The apartment is perfectly clean, quiet. The bed is very comfy. Its definitely a nice place to rest in Brooklyn. Excellent stay with Lucy in Brooklyn. She has a nice place and is a great host. Very spacious one bedroom apartment on the top floor of the building. Clean and tidy. Good value in a location where there arent any good hotel options. Lucy is very pleasant and easy to get along with. Excellent communication before and during the stay.  I would definitely stay there again. Lucy is a great host! The apartment was very nice and she was very welcoming.  Everything about Lucys home was fantastic and exactly as described. Great, quiet neighbourhood, close to the subway, in a lovely, older building with a quaint elevator. Our arrival was delayed (close to 2 a.m.) and we felt awful, but Lucy was great. She had a delicious tray of cheeses, crackers, and fresh fruit waiting for us on our arrival. The bed is uber comfortable, and Lucy really went out of her way to make us feel right at home. We cant recommend her highly enough. Would definitely recommend, and will absolutely stay there again. Lucy was a fantastic host!  She communicated with us through the whole process and was extremely responsive to all our needs!  She was a delight to chat with and was so helpful to us as we tried to navigate our way around.  Her place is immaculate and comfortable.      Lucy came out to the freestyle frisbee tournament that I was participating in!  Wow!  We will stay with her again when we get the chance! Lucy was kind and informative.  She was clear with direction and helpful in every way and adaptable for my needs.  The bed was super comfortable and the space was super adequate.   Lucy was a wonderful and welcoming host! I arrived earlier than expected and she was always ready to help. The neighbourhood is very safe and there are various subway stops close by, which are handy for getting around. The room was clean and I felt very at home during my stay! I will definitely be staying again! Lucy place was awesome and exactly as described on website. Safe location in a Jewis community and  3-4 block walk to get subway. huge amount of 24X7  free parking in area. love staying there.. very clean place Lucys place was clean spacious, comfortable and nicely furnished. She was super friendly and very accommodative of my changing schedule. The little cues she had written on the walls were a nice touch! The neighborhood was safe and I felt at home! :) I would definitely stay here again if I visit the city.  Lucy was a really great host who was always so happy to give us recommendations on things to do and places to eat. She was very prompt with communications and worked very hard to make our stay smooth (she even has a map to the nearest subway on the back of her door!) Her apartment was spacious and clean - the bedroom is nice and big, and the bathroom and kitchen are clean and lovely. I would definitely stay with Lucy again and would recommend anyone to do the same.  Grande chambre, appartement très propre, Lucy fait tout son possible pour que lon se sente à laise. I had an excellent stay in Lucys apartment.  My room was spacious and immaculate, the bed was comfortable, and the building was very nice.  Lucy was a wonderful host, and I truly appreciate her efforts to go the extra mile and make my stay as hassle-free as possible.  I wouldnt hesitate to stay here again or recommend it to others.   Lucy is very kind and warmhearted, willing to give needful information and help me solve problems. the room is cozy and i really recommend her apartment Lucy was an amazing host. She is very friendly, accommodating and helpful woman. She provided us with a map of the city with highlights of some great places to visit. She also shared some pro-tips on where to get some great food around the city!! Her apartment was in a lovely, safe neighbourhood in Brooklyn. The apartment is quite spacious and very clean. We felt very comfortable and safe throughout our stay. We definitely would recommend this apartment.   Lucy is a wonderful host and this is a great value for the price. Lucy is very responsive and communicates promptly, giving you all the necessary info. Her place is roomy, very clean, and comfortable. She made it so easy to be there that it felt very quickly like I was her roommate. The location is very easy to access from the F train.  No air conditioner and the bed was so small Great place. Great host! Квартира Люси находится в многоквартирном доме. Район, где живет много русских и евреев. Недалёко от метро, однако, во время нашего приезда линия ремонтировалась и были определенные проблемы с проездом, хотя это проблема самого Нью-Йоркского метрополитена. Сама квартира очень уютная, казалось, что живёшь как местный житель. Понравилась кухня и оборудование. Сама Люси очень добрая и открытая, всегда готова ответить на любой вопрос. Что касается минусов, то единственный это то, что кондиционер немного шумит по ночам. В общем, проверенное место, которое нам удалось забронировать в последний день перед вылетом. Рекомендую. This was my second stay at Lucys place and I enjoyed it every bit as much as the first. Lucy is very easy to communicate with and is very responsive. This is very helpful when you are in town for a stressful reason as I tend to be. She is also nice to be around when were both in the apartment at the same time. I will return again. Cosy, cute, convenient, and quiet. What more do you need?	1
773	Terrific location. Place is minimally furnished but decent. Dont expect any views of the outside. Place is clean. Dan was extremely responsive even though he wasnt on premise. He allowed us to extend our departure which was sweet.  Great place! Location felt safe and was perfect for our stay. Absolutamente decepcionada de que AIRBNB promocione este lugar que es horrible: ratas a la entrada del edificio, cucarachas en el piso, prostitutas y violencia. Dan was great! There was construction going on outside and cars beeping loudly. But hey, youre in New York City and thats out of Dans control anyway. Being close to all the different attractions and having a nice (and cheap) place makes me want to return even quicker. Youll make no mistake by rooming at Dans place. Service of the best kind. His service more than compensated for other shortcomings of the place. Awesome!	0
774	Carlas place is nice quiet and lovely I enjoyed every bit of my stay ! Carla is nice and communication was good I would like to stay there over again ! Thanks for being a good host  Esta bien como punto base para descubrir Nueva York, linea C del metro que comunica con el centro de la ciudad en 30 minutos, y con el bus  B15 a 15 del JFK. Bien para una persona, Carla muy atenta, zona de gente trabajadora y varios supermercados, en el Cherry hablan castellano.  Otimo lugar proximo de transporte publico com um otimo mercado que vende janta na proxima esquina, e um shopping excelente muito perto da casa. Este lugar e ideal para aqueles que buscam um lugar so pra dormir. Carlas spot is the perfect quiet after experiencing the rush of the city. There are many stores nearby, the bus is across the street although, I enjoyed walking to the subway station. It was very quiet and I felt safe walking late at night. I definitely will return when I visit NYC again and would recommend this to any of my friends. Thank you Ms Carla for being such a helpful, courteous host! Great location! Chambre correcte pour voyageur souhaitant simplement un endroit ou dormir. Votre intimité est respectée et tout est mis a disposition pour votre confort Sono stato 12 giorni da Carla e mi sono trovato benissimo lo consiglio a tutti. Carla is very nice person, very helpful, resolving all problems immediately, she really wants You to feel like at home. Nice clean room with comfortable bed and tv with many channels. Everything perfect. I stayed a month at Carlas place. It was exactly as advertised. So its a small, cozy place, which I think is great for a short term, single traveler.  -This place is 15 mins from the airport. If you take a cab should only cost you 20 bucks. There is a bus stop right outside (B13) that takes you to the Euclid avenue station. From there you can take the A/C train to go anywhere in NY( roughly 1.10 hours). You can also walk the five blocks to the subway. -The Cherry Valley supermarket is half a block from here.  -The Laundryland launrdomat is two blocks from here.  -There are plenty of Delis nearby, the best is the Linden Deli, the arab guys there serve very cheap sandwiches and gyros. - The Catholic church nearby (St. Fortunata) has an amazing 9am service.  - This place is very convenient and safe.  -No one bothers you and Carla gives you your space. Shes very quick to respond. She even provided a heater. You an always text her ans shes on top of everything. -You have your own fridge and a microwave thats shared. I enjoyed my stay at this home. Big screen TV, Space heater and WiFi access if needed. Note that kitchen is not available for use. Mini Fridge in my room was very helpful for leftovers. My only complaint is that i got a call from Airbnb. Regarding something that could have been handled between my host and I. Especially since i asked her the question but she did not respond. Carlas place was exactly what I expected and needed. She responded fast. Unexpectly provided cable tv which was a plus. La casa es impecable, hay buses cerca y el Subte está a 15 a pie. El barrio súper seguro y muy tranquila la casa. Kenionia enjoyed your stay a great deal!	1
775	Katrina and her husband are lovely, interesting people who welcomed me with open arms. Their home is comfortable and stylish (I especially liked all the musical instruments and the firm mattress). Excellent hosts,  excellent location , excellent staying. Best location and comfort It’s a wonderful place to stay if you love the city but you also like to get away from it. Super close to the train station as well. The place is cozy and it’s a wonderful place if you just want to relax. Would recommend always. Katrina and her husband were very helpful in showing us how to get around the city using the subway and showing us places to go and check out. If you are looking for warm hospitality Katrinas home is the best choice to go. Her place is beautiful and its great because of the light touches she provides to make your stay to be the best one. She and her husband Ed are wonderful hosts and is one of the best places I have ever found on Airbnb. It has a good location, close to shops and restaurants, its very walkable and secure and you honestly feel like you are at home; so I would say this is not a place to rent, its a home to enjoy. Everything is super clean and organized; the place is very well set and very stylish so Katrinas home is a choice you will never regret. Im very thankful for their warm and kind hospitality. I had a great stay at Katrinas place. She was very understanding as I had changes in my schedule and also totally accomodating.  The location is in a very safe and well maintained area. The apartment itself is very nice, and super clean which is important to me when travelling.  It is obvious that Katrina has put much thought into hosting, as everything is available for your comfort. She gives you your privacy and access to the entire apartment, while still available if ever you need her.  The room is located to one end of the apartment, giving much privacy, the bed very comfortble, and has a beautiful view with large windows.   I would definitely recommend Katrina s place and also rebook when available. This was my second stay at Katrinas place, and it was as great an experience, as it was before.  The apartment is centrally located, the area safe, apartment clean and Katrina is a great and thoughtful host. I would definitely recommend! Katrinas apartment was exactly as described. A sunny room in an accessible part of Washington Heights. She met me at the door and I got everything that I could ask for. A great stay!	1
776	Lennox Hill and Upper East Side are just perfect for everyone who want to discover New York and Dees place only adds to that. Everything you need is there, Dee is helpful, you are close to everything. Totally recommended. I had a great stay at Dees apartment in the UES. The location was very convenient. Its within walking distance from the E 77th street subway 6 line.  There are many shops and cafés, such as Starbucks and Duane Reade. Dee provides you with all of the basic amenities; soap, toothbrush, toothpaste, towels, toilet paper, paper towels, cutlery, plates etc.  The living room is very roomy. The WiFi is fast.  Dee is very nice host. She responds to any questions or concerns within minutes.  I would definitely stay at Dees place again on a visit to NYC in the future! The place was great. Enough space for 2 people. Lots of restaurants near by but dont forget this is upper east side so its a little pricey. Its also near the train. Dee was available via message anytime even though we really didnt need anything. One odd thing was the fact that the apartment was handed off to us by a previous guest before checking on the place to make sure everything was ok. The previous guest did clean the place good before giving us the key, thankfully. But other than that, everything was good. Everything we needed was in the apartment. It was organized. She even told us to help our selves to anything in the kitchen and fridge. Good stay over all. Thank you Dee!  Dees apartment is excellent! Communication was great, the place was spotless, and she even had a nice welcome basket for us. Would definitely stay here again. Its two blocks from the 77th St. subway stop, so getting around was very convenient. Tons of restaurants on 2nd street nearby as well.   Di place is centrally located and close to all amenities. Di was easy to communicate to, although check out was a bit delayed.  Bed could have been little more comfortable.  For shower there was just warm water. Perfect! Great place to stay! Nice and comfy  The apt was wonderful! Clean, quite, well equipped. The location is great. Closed to the subway, bars, restaurants. Dee is so nice and considerate and easy to communicate with, she was so prompt and helped us with every question. I highly recommend this apt! Dee is an excellent host. The apt is in a great location, and it is clean, comfortable, stylish and welcoming. Dees place is cozy. The place is exactly how it looks on the website. There was no surprise. She gave both of us Starbucks gift card. How lovely. The location is perfect.  Apartment was so nice. Perfect for our family holiday. Great central location. Dee was also so nice and helpful with everything. Highly recommend.  Loved Dees place!!  Dee was great! Helped us get an early check in and even accommodated my husband and I last minute for an extra night! Her place was perfect, clean, comfortable and close to some good food & bars. Definitely recommend  Great place but if youre sensitive to smells, there is a slight smell of cigarettes in the hallway and coming from the vents (so its definitely coming from a neighbor). Its not bad unless youre sensitive to it. Dee is a great host.  She is kind and helped us a lot.  Her place is clean and comfortable. The apt is close to subway station, coffee shops, restaurants, supermarket. Its within walking distance of Central Park and MET.  What a great place to stay in NY! Thank you Dee!  Es un departamento luminoso, silencioso y muy bien situado. Te sientes cómodo en él porque está adornado muy bien y es acogedor. La cocina está completa. Está ubicado en un barrio tranquilo, cercano al Central Park y a los grandes museos de New York (Metropolitan, Guggenheim e Historia Natural). La conexión por metro hacia el centro de la ciudad es cercana y rápida. En conjunto un departamento muy recomendable.  Great location. Good communication.  Check in was great.  Dee was patient even though we ran late do to navigation issues on the subway.  Couch/second bed is not real big but my son said it was comfortable nonetheless.   This apartment is a great place to stay for a couple, and it is really excellent if you want to experience a typical NYC apartment in a good Manhattan neighborhood.    The place is SPOTLESSLY clean, with everything you need: comfortable bed,small kitchen, living room with cable tv, good bathroom with shower and small tub. The neighborhood has everything you might need, too. And the building has an elevator, which really helps when you have luggage!  Dee made everything easy and sent me a text each day to see if I was all right and if I needed anything.  I would stay here again anytime.  The apartment is well located on 78th Street.  It is a neat, spacious and well maintained property in a good neighborhood.  Unfortunately, there were two issues (1) a constant smell of cigarette smoke coming from a neighboring apartment and (2) the apartment wasnt quiet as advertised - there a lot of construction noise (jack hammering) during the first couple of days of which I wasnt previously informed.  Then on the final day of my stay, the water in the apartment was turned off.  This was a major inconvenience.  While the host was very friendly and communicative these significant issues marred my stay. Cozy apartment in a fabulous location on the Upper East Side! Many good restaurants nearby. Dee is very responsive and checks in during your stay. I would stay here again! Dee was extremely kind and nice. Easy to communicate with. And willing to help in the familiarization with the neighbourhood. The apartment is very well located Dee offered so many great recommendations! The apartment was in a perfect location! Very clean, quiet and great location! Dee was helpful with check-in (when I changed my arrival time) and check-out was very simple as well. The elevator made the experience so much easier as well if you are like myself and did not want a 4th floor walk-up. The apartment was well stocked and even had a welcome basket. Very nice experience overall. Great apartment in an excellent location. Dee was very helpful and supportive during the stay. Dee was incredibly kind and had great communication. The space was just what my sister and I needed during a weekend away. It was central and close to a great area of restaurants and shops. Though we didn’t drink any she offered some red wine :)  She was also accommodating when my flight was before my younger sisters. All I can say is thank you for making nyc more special. 	1
777	Great location, Angela is sweet, but sometimes its a lit loud on the street, but perfect to go out. Had a great time staying at this apartment. Gorgeous views and Angela was very accommodating. And the location was just brilliant! Angela was such a great host, and very accommodating. The room was clean and had fresh sheets and new towels for myself and Tyler. The apartment is very well situated! I fell in love with soho! Nice cafés, restaurant and its easy accessible by subway.  Would definitely return!   Thanks again for everything - Nicole & Tyler xx Angela was very nice, she was waiting for us at home and we arrived a saturday evening!  The location is great. We had new towels and fresh sheets. However, the room was not as we expected. There was a mattress in the floor without any blanket or duvet. Angela was simply the best Airbnb host and we felt so lucky to be staying with her- she was so much fun to hang out with, showed us around the city and gave us great recommendations. She even bought us some shampoo on arrival. The apartment is in the perfect location, just two streets from Broadway in SoHo, the best area in NY to stay if youre visiting and want to be in the middle of the action. Couldnt recommend this more if youre young and want to be out and about in the city. Angela is a great host. Very responsive and communicates well.	0
778	Great apartment as described, local L train at Jefferson to Manhattan. Would stay again! Great host, great flat - I recommend! Dannys place was amazing. A top floor apartment with high ceilings with an amazing decor. Rooftop views of Manhattan were incredible. Theocsrion in East Williamsburg had so much to offer; Restaurants, cafes, and amazing Street art. Two trains within walking distance that shoot into Manhattan. Ill be back! Great place and location. Great place! Beuitful location! Danny was super communitive and a great host. We will defiently be back! The app. Is nice and well kept.the owners are nice. The weak points are that it take 1 hour to go to manhatan by train and the app. Id on the 4th floor no elevator. We did not feel safe in the area. Danny is really nice to show us around when we first got here. The neighborhood was very chill and artsy thats different than fast pace Manhattan which I really like. The apt was nice clean and cozy but overall its a little pricey.  Lovely clean place, excellent location within reach of a nice pizza place and a coffee shop as well as 20 min reach to anywhere within Manhattan. Add to that, the hosts are extremely flexible.  Nice place! Communication couldnt have been better. Super helpful host! Would definitely stay again! This place was legit. Pretty spacious, perfectly furnished, and with an incredible view from the rooftop of the city. Centrally located and walking distance from anything you might need.  Next time Im in the city I will be staying at Dannys again. I had a great time at Dannys place. Absolutely no complaints at all. Its close to so much, and the space was gorgeous. He was super quick to accommodate my last minute booking, and was super easy to deal with. I would definitely stay here again. This is a very comfortable, well appointed, quiet and safe space. Its convenient and safe to walk to many bars, restaurants and groceries/bodegas.  Our host was professional, friendly, informative and responsive. We would definitely go back! Dannys place is great. He and Zach were very helpful. Located a bit east from Williamsburg, it is within walking distance of a lot of stuff you can do, see, and eat / drink. There is a rooftop on the building which you should definitely check out. Apt itself is cozy, has two separate rooms, bathroom, kitchen + living room. Within the building you can even find a gym, laundry, and other stuff. Metro station is some 10 mins away and will take you pretty much throughout the whole Manhattan.  However, it takes the train some 30 mins to get to Rockefeller station , so if you need to travel frequently, think about it (driving wont help much, as itll take even more). Anyways, I fully recommend renting this place. Its totally great. This is a great place to stay and good vibes around.. thanks you Danny Thank you so much for accommodating me and my friend, the check in was seamless and the apartment is amazing! I stayed here for 6 nights. My daughter likes in Brooklyn and the apartment is located between the J and the M subway lines. I chose his place because it is spacious, lots of natural light, modern and its a very nice apartment and building. The roof has a great view of Manhattan. Dannys place is an awesome apartment, spacious and beautiful, and with a great rooftop. Its walking distance to some great restaurants and bars, and close to the metro too. Most of all though, Danny and Zach were incredibly gracious hosts, and super communicative and accommodating - I cant say enough good things about them! Id stay here again without any hesitation. Fabulous stay, great flat and easy to get to town, airport. Safe neighbourhood. Hosts are available to help anytime and did I mention the view from the roof terrace!! I would definitely stay again Danny was a great host. His apartment was clean and well furnished and everything was as I expected. It was easy to get into the apartment, and communication with the host was fast and effective. I had a great time staying at his apartment! Amazing location! Loved staying here will definitely try to stay here again. Danny’s place is fantastic, him and Zach are also an absolute pleasure to deal with and to know. We had two weeks at the apartment and everything was as described and expected. This is a great apartment with good value for money. We will come back again soon for sure. Transporte público cercano Danny and Zachary foram demais conosco! Eles foram super atenciosos com tudo o que pedimos e todas as necessidades do local. O apartamento é exatamente como nas fotos, fica três quadras do metro (Estação Jefferson), é super limpo, quartos e banheiros ótimos e o rooftop é demais!  Danny and Zachary were awesome! They were very kind and attentive with all of us. The place is like it is shown in the pictures, the location is good, 3 blocks from Jefferson Station, the apartment is clean and the rooftop is amazing! Our NYE was special in that place! Thanks for everything!	1
779	Zack made us feel very welcomed.  The room, in the lower level, is dark, but very well lit.  Is very quiet and private. The window looks out onto the terrace.  It also has a private bathroom with a great walk in shower.  Perfect after each day of exploring NYC.  The terrace is also lovely in the morning.  Lots of birds singing.  Very restful.  Also enjoyed it after a full day, just sitting in the shady garden area and making plans for dinner.  The location is perfect, near many different restaurants, and nicely situated close to subway stops.   It was perfect for us! The room was big, the bathroom is huge, the bed is so confortable, the area is very good, you can take the subway to Times Square close to the apartment and be there in 15-20 minutes, we had a great experience. Zack is a great hoster, he made us a list with many places to have some food and visit. Everything was so good for us :) thank you Zack! Zack was an excellent host! He made sure me and my boyfriend were comfortable. Zack was also very understanding with our schedule, and his place is a glorious spot. We had a truly lovely experience :) It is clean and quiet. The roommates are friendly. The room is independent.  A friend and I went to New York for a couple of days and chose to stay at Zacks place. When we arrived we were given a warm welcome and got a tour around the apartment. We also got a great list of special restaurants and places to visit during our stay from Zack.   The apartment itself is very nice, clean, comfortable and even has a patio. The bathroom is great (especially the shower) and the bedroom is, besides being clean, provided with vans which kept us cool during the warm days of NY.   The big advantage of Zacks place is the location: its very close to Central Park and a lot of avenues (Amsterdam Avenue, Columbus Avenue) with good coffee shops, restaurants and shops. It takes around 10 minutes to get to the closest subway station and around 25 minutes to go from 103rd Subway station to Tower One (the other end of NY).   Furthermore Zack is a very helpful, humble and nice host. He gave us advice and always responded to our text/phone messages very quickly.    地理位置好,周边也很便利!房客住在房东的楼下,可以通到一个小院子!房东和室友都不错,很安静,如果有需要帮助的,他们都能给予回应。 The host canceled this reservation 15 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. We had a wonderful experience at Zacks space.  He was friendly, met us as scheduled, made his home open to us and even gave us a metro card to load up so we didnt have to pick one up. Everything was great! I had a great time in Zacks apartment. The room is perfect, perfectly equipped, with a seperate, own large bathroom. I recommend the stay at Zacks place without any constraints. Zack was an amazing host, very friendly and accommodating. Would recommend anyone visiting ny to stay here, only few minutes away from Central Park!  Really nice place at the neighbourhood. My parents were staying at Zacks place for 3 nights. They were very satisfied with the place. Its close to Columbia University, Subway and Central Park. Zack was very helpful and accommodating. Zach was a great host and made me feel very comfortable, the whole experience was exactly what I needed,  Zack and Matt ware amazing host, we never even felt them at the house, the house is in a top location!! Close to the Central Park and a walk away from the natural history museum. Also There are 3 subway stations near by.  Grate location and top hosts! Well come again :) Zack was awesome.  Hes a very open and engaging guy.  The room was exactly what I was looking for.  Great location and lots to explore within walking distance.  I would highly recommend his abode to anyone looking for an excellent Manhattan experience. The Zacks place is a great location to a trip to ny. Its near from subway and in a very quiet neightborhood.  Zack is a very kind and hospitality person, so frindly. We had privacity in the room, and our trip to ny was a wonderful experience. We highly recommend to stay in his home. The apartment is very well located in a vibrant neighbourhood with lots of local restaurants and easy access to transport. The room was comfortable and cosy; the shower was wonderful and the internet worked perfectly. Zack and his housemate were friendly, hospitable, helfpul hosts. All the crucial ingredients for a very enjoyable stay. We were very well received. Zack was very accommodating with the time of arrival. The appartement is well located and close to many restaurants, parkings and 2 subway stations. The room had a lot of privacy and a great shower.  Zack was very easy going. Wed definitely stay there again.  I stayed a Zacks place for the new year with my wife, and the experience was wonderful. Zack and Matt were very welcoming and friendly. When we arrived,  Zack welcomed us and gave us recommendation on how to navigate through the city (it was our first time in NYC) and places to visit. I kind of regretted not heeding Zacks advice to not go the Times Square to see the ball drop because it was a total chaos and we couldnt even go the area haha. The bedrom was very clean and the shower is very spacious and clean as well!. Zack also left us many guides and a list of recommended places to do and eat in the room, which were very helpful to us.    The location is also conveniently located near the Metro and Central Park and it was very easy to go to basically everywhere in NYC from the place.     Overall, being our first ever airbnb stay, it was a great experience to me and my wife and would definitely  consider staying again in the future!   Convenient accommodations for my husband and me during a weekend visit to Morningside. Everything that one might need is within walking distance.  Zacks a great host! zack was a nice host. the location was good. thanks to zack, we really enjoyed nyc.	1
780	"Large appartment very close to the subway, less than 100 meters to Dalkab Av station. Appartment feels somewhat empty since there are not much furniture. We, my wife and two kids, were probably almost the first guests, there were not much kitchentools, but Jason responded fast on a ""request"" from us. I am convinced that this will improve untill next visitor as well. We stayed 5 days. Would I book this place once again? Yes I probably would. Would I plan other cooking than breakfast, probably not. Very convenient location, very easy to Manhattan,  Jason provide very helpful information for our tour. Subway station Dekalb Av L Train is about 200m to room, and there is a Food Mart & 24hours lundary is about 300m far. Very basic and simple but if you are like us and just need a place to sleep while you explore the city, its perfect. Very close to the subway and if you are coming by car there is a very affordable parking lot right across the street. JASON ES UNA PERSONA AGRADABLE Y SERVICIAL, FUE MUY GENTIL EN PERMITIRNOS LLEGAR ANTES DE TIEMPO PARA RECIBIRNOS CON LAS MALETAS, Y LA UBICACION MUY CERCA DEL SUBWAY A SOLO UNOS PASOS YA ESTABAMOS EN LA CASA. You should know that this apartment is on the first floor facing the street and one bedroom is in the front, so it is next to the front door, and was rather noisy. There is also noise from the upstairs apartment. It is spacious but mostly wasted space as the furniture in the photos is all there is: the beds, a table and chairs.  The kitchen was redone very poorly, and the appliances are old and dirty. The bathroom is tiny and also very poorly done. You barely have room to dry off after a shower.  It is close to the L train, which is convenient, but overall we thought it was not worth the price. Apartment is fabulous!! Really spacious which we were not expecting, and such a good location to get into the centre of the city! The kitchen was well equipped, we even had a spatula to make pancakes and we would stay here again without a doubt! As a group of young girls, we also always felt safe in the local neighbourhood! Jason was a great host, checking to make sure we were okay and being really responsible! 지하철과 무척 가까운 위치에 있습니다. 이웃들도 친절하고 1층에 위치하고 있기 때문에 여행객들에게는 무척 최고입니다.   제이슨과의 연락도 잘 됩니다. 우리의 요구사항을 즉각적으로 대처하려고 했습니다.  그러나 집안에 와이파이는 중간방과 부엌에서는 되지 않습니다. 와이파이 공유기가 2층에 있기 때문이라고 했습니다.   또한 사워부스가 정말 작습니다. 몸집이 있는 사람은 샤워하기에 불편함을 느낄 수 있습니다.   우리는 출국하기 전 날 저녁 늦게까지 짐을 장리하고 있었는데 정전이 되었습니다. 제이슨과 통화를 요청했는데 제이슨이 아닌 어떤 여성분과 통화하게 되었습니다. 밤이 늦어 아무런 조취를 해줄 수 없으니 아침이 될 때까지 기다리라는 답변만 왔습니다.   또한 통화 중에 우리의 말이 끝나지 않았는데 통화를 먼저 종료했습니다. 메세지로는 정말 친절했지만 통화를 할 때에는 정말 무례했습니다.   주차는 거리주차를 하면 되고 브루클린 브릿지까지는 지하철로 50분이 걸리고 타임스퀘어까지는 40분이 걸립니다. 유니온스퀘어 파크까지는 30분이 걸립니다. Jason’s apartment is in good location with an excellent connection to Manhattan by L train. There are lots of restaurants and shops around. The apartment is specious with a simple furniture and poorly equipped kitchen. There was no a visible instructions how to connect to Wi-Fi. The password information is located on the door to the second bedroom. If you leave open door it isn’t noticeable. When we finally learn the network info Wi-Fi was not working. Later I find message on my phone that Wi-Fi is not working in the kitchen, that we have to use computer in the bedrooms. We were not able to use internet during our stay. Jason’s info that we can park our on street wasn’t correct. When you plan to park on street make sure that you pay attention to street cleaning signs and re-park your car. My recommendation is to create a visitor’s information letter with info about apartment and neighborhood. Convenient location, although its slightly awkward if theres two of you staying there due to the layout. Front door opens into bedroom 1 and then you need to walk through bedroom 2 to get to bathroom/kitchen.  Other than that, all good! Perfect place to crash if you just need to go to and from Manhattan. We had a good stay at Jasons place. The apartment is spacious and comfortable. It is very close to the subway station and to all that you could need during your stay (coffee shops, convenience stores, restaurants). The neighborhood is pleasant and quiet. The only downside is the fact that the building is old so its not well insulated (a bit cold & noisy). Llegamos a la medianoche y las llaves no estaban dónde supuestamente las había dejado. Nunca respondió el teléfono.. Nos tuvimos que ir a un hotel Jason’s place was perfect for our weekend stay. Close to restaurants, bars, and the subway. Thanks! Warm bed and shower for a good price. The place is for people that look for bed with a warm shower for a good price. It isnt for people that want to hang out in the house and want to feel at home away from home. The house had all the basics you need to survive, but not more. Good stay for a short stay in New York This place is great for someone wanting to explore the city. Short ride to anywhere and nice places to eat right around the apartment! We were very pleased with our stay... If you’re looking for somewhere just to sleep at night and relax this is the place."	0
781	The host canceled this reservation 16 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 99 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 24 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. My stay at Adam and Roxanne’s was a delight. Adam was very prompt and considerate in the pre-booking communications, helped arrange the logistics. The apartment was clean, quiet, and just as advertised with great light in the morning. During the actual stay, Roxanne was there but Adam was away. The view of the city is one of the best I’ve seen in Brooklyn. I’ve never stayed at an Airbnb with a dog, but Roxanne’s dog Rex (Pomeranian) was a joy to meet and hang with! I also appreciate a house with a healthy, vibrant bookshelf… I’d happily visit again! My visit at Adam and Roxanne’s went really well. The apartment is in this quieter nook of Williamsburg a bit removed from the craziness, which I enjoyed. There is a fantastic restaurant called Ringolevio just downstairs. Adam was helpful and communicative prior to the visit and arranged everything. The apartment itself was clean, comfortable and just as pictured in the posts. Really nice to have coffee on the balcony :) Roxanne lives in the 2nd bedroom and could not have been more pleasant. I’d happily re-visit! La chambre est grande , lumineuse, calme (8 ème étage) , la salle de bain est vaste et très propre,  l’appartement a une vue exceptionnelle sur Manhattan. .Nous y avons passé de très agréables  moments. Adam a été très précis dans ces indications et très chaleureux, sa co locataire Roxanne également. Il est très facile de rejoindre Manhattan par le metro et le quartier est tranquille mais proche des coins animés de Willamsburg et de Greenpoint. Je recommande vivement ce logement . The apartment is located on a quiet street, but only couple of blocks away from a vibrant, lively neighborhood of Williamsburg. It is in one of the highest buildings around, so it offers great views, especially in the night. This area of Brooklyn is completely safe, we have been walking around late in the night with no issues. Subway is quite nearby (5-10 min walk), you can grab some breakfast on the way in one of the cafeterias & sandwich bars. It takes around 30 min to get to Manhattan best sites by subway. The apartment has everything you need, the room is spacious & comfortable. Adam is a great host, he is responsive & resourceful. This was our first time in NYC, he provided us with all the tips we needed to get in and around. We had a fantastic time in NYC, we will definitely go back! If you are traveling alone, this is the perfect place for you. Adams place was just as he described it and we loved our stay there.  Our favorite things were the overall modern style and neatness of the apartment, the beautiful views of Brooklyn and Manhattan, the quietness and peace, and its location in an interesting, walkable Brooklyn neighborhood just about 10 min walk to the L train if you want to hit Manhattan.  The large bedroom also gave us a nice private place to be, with a nice comfy chair by the window. Parking was also pretty easy within 1 block of the building.	1
782	Maria is great and very prompt with anything that arises. I would recommend anyone staying here.  Absolutely loved staying at Marias place.  We arrived after check in time and communicated with Maria that we would be late. She was totally accommodating which we  appreciated.  Maria is very friendly and personable. She would text and call to check on us to make sure we were enjoying ourselves, as well as give us suggestions on events taking place in the area.  Additionally, Marias place is nice, clean, comfortable, has wifi, and  conveniently located  to public transportation.  She also added a nice touch to provided for us cold water, fruits, and cereal for breakfast =).  The neighborhood was walkable. We had  5 -20 minute to walk to public transportation to catch the bus or E train, or to walk to Jamaica Avenue(I believe I have the street name correct.)  We enjoyed exploring Jamaica, Queens. There  are multiple shops, outdoor fruit stands,a  public park and several places to eat . We love walking and felt safe and comfortable walking around.  We took the subway to Harlem and Manhattan and it was about an hour ride. We  also rented a  Zipcar for a couple of hours which we picked up 20 minutes away from Marias place. Lastly, using  Lyft  to Marias from a LGA  was cheaper than yellow cab =), and it was only a 20 minute ride for $20.  We had an amazing stay and will definitely be back to stay again! Thanks Maria!  I had an amazing stay! Maria was incredibly helpful and I loved the apartment. Very clean and spacious. Also only 10 minutes away there was a metro and bus station. Would stay here again! Maria place is a good idea to stay she is very nice and the area is ok also the pace are very clean Ms. Maria place was great! I had the best experience. She was so sweet and kind. She was very close to the bus and train. Theres many stores and food options nearby to eat. The location is very safe and easy to learn. This was my first Airbnb and I enjoyed every part of it. Ms Maria place set the bar so high. I would definitely come back and stay again. If anyone ever comes to NYC stay at Ms Marias place, it was absolutely amazing!!! The place is beautiful spacious and very clean. Maria is such an amazing and caring person. The price it perfect and great on location. Id deffinely stay again. It’s a very nice place Marias house was a pretty good location, safe, and easy to get around. We were able to spend time in Queens and Long Island easily, getting into Manhattan took a bit longer. Parking was easy and convenient. Maria was late meeting us to let us in the unit so we had to wait quite a while, but after that she was pretty responsive and checked-in. The bed is not a King bed, it is two beds put together. It is still comfortable unless you sleep in the middle where they meet. Maria Is great host, very friendly and easy going always willing to help in any way possible. Her apartment is perfect. I Would recommend it to everyone. Marias place is a great value, the large bed is very comfortable and the place is very homey. I have mixed reviews about my stay at Marias Airbnb. On my day of my check in, while I had heard from Maria earlier in the day, she was unable for contact leading up to and until the time of my check-in. Fortunately, a few minutes after my arrival, I was contacted by Marias son, Andre who assisted in finding the Airbnb. I learned after  Maria was away on travel but I would have appreciated to have been better informed on check-in procedures. For example, whether the door would be locked or unlocked and where the keys would be present for check-in. This is now my second experience where there was poor communication prior to check-in.   Since the time of my check-in till the next day afternoon, there was a loud, constant, disruptive and annoying noise coming from the fridge. I coordinated with Andre to have workmen come, remove the existing fridge and replace with another one.   On two occasions, I had issues with the locks in the home. The first time was shortly after arrival when the I had locked the outside door from the inside and it couldnt be opened. Paul, Andres father, came shortly after to assist. The second time was after Paul visited to fix the shower rod, as it fell and couldnt be put back up. He locked both locks and I was having issues with opening one of the locks. After several attempts, I was able to enter the home. The locks are tricky and can be difficult to open.   I killed one cockroach, one bug and saw another dead cockroach in the fridge. I informed Maria that if the problem persists, she may want to call pest control. This issue wasnt addressed or resolved.   There was loud music and noise from the upstairs residents.   Since the second last day of my stay, the power went out for certain outlets. I informed Andre via text and called Paul but my text and calls werent returned.   I can say communication was good for the most part but not a 100% of the time.   My personal opinion is this basement apartment is overpriced. For the mostly negative experience I had, I wouldnt want to pay $92/night.   Thank you. Simply inconvenient,  roaches, water boilers, gas meter a time bomb waiting to go off It was a good room. I want to use again when I visit next. Thank You~ It was my vacation and i liked it very much. Maria is very nice person and feeling was very homy! I had a wonderful stay at Ms. Maria’s house. It is in a great location. Very convenient to the Q6 or Q60 bus and transfer to the E train which goes directly to Manhattan (which I took most frequently during my stay), and just a short air train ride to JFK. airport. Parking was convenient in the yard, and near the house. The home was very clean, fresh and spacious had a romantic time by the fire place, which was excellent because I was there during that snow storm. It was a delight to see bottled water and fresh fruits left there for me.  The price was great too.  Ms Maria was very kind, friendly and helpful she was on par with communication, she told me how to get in, and later came by to meet me as well. She offered her services in a very professional manner. I will be visiting New York next month, and I definitely will be staying there. THATS A MUST!	0
783	房屋位置离地铁站还算蛮近,10分左右步行时间.哈林区治安情况也挺好的.虽然房屋面积不大(毕竟曼哈顿区寸土寸金),但是住了4个人也还好.沙发床慢舒服的.设施齐全.室内环境整洁.入住过程有点小插曲,不过影响不大. Firist of all loretta is one of the most beautiful character ever  I seen  in my life .  She has rules and i abide her rules and she allow me I can have visitors.  Loretta is very proffestional and down to the Earth The place is very clean and private  I have  ever seen a place like this. I regret last July  l stay new york and jersy I wish  somebody told me about it. However it is not too late i stayed almost two weeks it is  one of the best ever.  I will leave next day   within my stay I ate two  times outside but  as you know  I cook my own food and save money.  Loretta is very hospitable and woman with integrity and accountablity.  I love this place vey much.  Easy access to subway  and easy to lungardia airport. Her assistance Maria is vey cool and down to the earth she is very good communication wise .Loretta answers my phone calls immediately. Maria is very nice and good to talk to. She is very proffestional but the bad thing is I did not see them both loretta and Maria only text and phone calls.. I met one of the worker Camren he is very nice and polite person. Other wise loretta is very proffestional and nice . So what you need  is as a guest please treat them with (Website hidden by Airbnb) long as you abiding the ru les you will be fine.  They will never bother you the best people in the earth. They became my new yorker family.  Thank you loretta you are beyond and above .  Thank all things what you have done it will never forget thank you loretta.   Everything was very nice at the apt and we were very comfortable during the stay. Thanks, Loretta. Lorettas home was exactly as described. Had a great stay. Thanks  The apartment was perfectly suited to our needs. The 5 of us (2 adults and 3 children) fit comfortably in the small but efficient space. The apartment was very clean, the heat was too warm but we closed the radiators to cool it off, the coffee and bottled waters was much appreciated, and my only suggestion would be to add a lamp in the living room because the overhead lights are quite bright. The neighborhood was nice, theres plentiful free parking right on the block, lots of restaurant options (RUN dont walk to Sylvias for soul food!) and the Apollo and a movie theater are all within walking distance.  Great time... would definitely stay again. Place was consistent with advertisement. TV was present but no service avail or streaming options. So tv made for lovely decor lol Place was clean, neighborhood was pleasant, no major complaints. However taking the trash out seemed a bit extra. All in all, arrangements were decent. Thank Loretta  It was a cute place. It was close to the train. Very central. Small but cozy and the greatest location next to popular restaurants and train stations. Definitely made my Vday memorable. Thanks Loretta Nice & cozy.  Everything you need is right there. Bring your own soap & shampoo and tooth paste unless you want to use from the communal bottles and tube. The bathroom gets a bit hot but good A/C everywhere else. And try not to slip in the tub-no anti-slip matt. The TVs also have earphone jacks if necessary. Overall a comfortable and pleasant stay. Definitely recommended! Nice clean apartment. Pictures are accurate !  A great place to stay in New York Everything was perfect. Great location Agréable séjour  passé dans cet ampartement et à proximité du centre de Manhattan grâce aux lignes de métro 2 et 3. This is a nice place. It is close to a metro station and not far from central park and the Columbia university.  The space was tight for five people though. The apartment is cute and cozy. It was very clean and nicely appointed. The neighborhood is clean and quiet and I felt safe coming home late at night. All basic amenities were provided especially bathroom items. The bed is really comfy - slept very well. My host was always responsive and all necessary information was provided ahead of time so check in was a breeze. Absolutely recommended.  Very very nice place. I have no complaints, honestly. Great place to (Website hidden by Airbnb) is small as expected but was cozy enough for 5 adults to crash for two days in NYC and save hotel costs.Very close to 2/3 train and MLK bars ,restaurants and shops Place was just as described .The door to enter the apt was kinda tricky to open but other than that the place is fantastic . The apartment was fantastic for a couple. While it is technically large enough for five, it can be a bit cramped. We were three though, so our kid simply slept on the couch.  The neighborhood was nice, but could be a little noisy at night or the early morning as people came home from social functions.  Still, highly recommended. Nice apartment in Harlem. Close to great restaurants like Red Rooster, Sylvias & Morningside Cafe.  Wholefoods store opening in July 2017 which is just days after we left.  Overall, easy to get to all parts of the city and it was nice to get away from crowds in Harlem. lorganisation industrielle de Loretta ( plusieurs logements)nest pas efficace. Manque de communication avec son personnel qui fait le ménage avant, résultat un logement en Bordel (ménage pas fait) à larrivée et ce malgré 46€ payés de service. Logement mal isolé et voisins bruillants. Or mi cela la localisation est bonne. Awesome stay def. staying again!! Clean, great AC! And awesome place  We were very satisfied.  This was a great place to stay for our NY trip, it was pretty easy to get to via the subway, probably only 5-10 min walk depending what line youre taking. Id suggest it to those interested! The apartment is located about 10-15 minutes from different train stations. The area is not very safe but I guess thats relative when we talk about NYC. The apartment is very very small, so if you are five think it twice because youll be passing on top of each other. The pictures listed in the website show the two prettiest spots of the apartment, which really got me but the rest of the apartment does not look as nice. Personally, communicating with the host and her agent was not easy for me, and I went through a very rough time as my friends and I approach NY because they wouldnt reply. Furthermore, we were informed we would be staying at a different location from where our booking was and that really freaked us out because this place didnt even have a private bathroom. After some menssages and calls, they gave us the correct address and a lockbox code, which was not working. The neighborhood is not the fanciest so we were very nervous again by being on the street with all of our luggage and no place to go. Lorettas manager finally gave us another code for another lockbox and we were able to get in. For me, personally, this was a very uncomfortable situation as I was the one renting the place for me and my friends and felt responsible for the unmet expectations and long wait.  We had a great time in NYC (although the city is dirtier than ever) and I guess if you just need a place to crash is fine but if you know you need some comfort and safety, Id recommend going somewhere else. We were a party of five, and though it felt a bit cramped sometimes, the place was very cozy and clean. There neighborhood is very nice and friendly, and close to the subway, and a supermarket down the street. The host was very responsive to our requests. Overall this a nice place to stay! This place is compact yet very clean and organized. Excellent service, clean and excellent comfort!! Decent apartment. Close to everything. Overall experience was good! Good location but quite noisy. Wifi connection was not good. The fridge was not working properly.  The apartment had all the necessities though. The overall experience was okay. .. Small, quaint space thats hard to depict in pictures but its sufficient for a weekend stay. Within a mile and a half of public transportation. Host was available for questions before and during visit. We enjoyed our stay in this place. It was clean, confortable, close to public transport, shops and restaurants. The appartment was according to the photos. I loved this place ! It’s an amazing neighborhood, very quiet, very beautiful. The apartment had little things that often tend to be forgotten while taking trips like lint rollers, toothpaste...etc. the sheets were very clean as well as the bathroom. Nuestra estancia en el apartamento de loretta no fue como esperábamos, desde el primer momento fue complicado contactar con ella debido a que nos facilito un número de su asistente, el cual al llamar no daba tono. Por lo cual a través del wifi que pudimos coger en el metro escribimos varios mensajes a loretta a través de esta aplicación, no obteniendo respuesta alguna. Al dirigirnos al apartamento tuvimos la suerte que se encontraba otra pareja que iba a otro apartamento de loretta en el mismo número, los cuáles si pudieron contactar con el asistente. Tras venir el asistente por fin nos dio las llaves y pudimos entrar al apartamento. Los vecinos del mismo número no son muy agradables y hay un fuerte olor a marihuana por los pasillos. Al entrar en el apartamento estaba todo muy bien colocado y al parecer limpio. Hay que añadir que por las noches hay bastante ruidos y se escucha mucho a los vecinos. Durante la estancia nos encontramos en el apartamento tres cucarachas. Por último, añadir que la zona no parece muy segura,aunque es verdad que no tuvimos ningún problema que fuese de bastante relevancia. Si tuviera que volver a Nueva York, buscaría otra zona mejor para nuestra estancia. This apartment is exactly as pictured. Charming centrally located to restaurants night life and the subway. I will definitely stay again five stars. This place was exactly what I expected from the online photos. Small, cozy, clean and efficient. The particular block where the apartment is located is nice - about a 10 minute walk from the subway. A few extras were provided (bottles of water, ice, coffee/tea, shampoo, conditioner, hair dryer, etc). Check in was efficient and easy. What you see if what you get with this one! Mysig och trevlig lägenhet. Ser ut precis som på bilderna. Lugnt område som kändes säkert. Bra läge, lätt att ta sig till tunnelbanan. Väl utrustad lägenhet med allt man behöver. Great neighborhood, clean convenient place, good value.  Nighttime groans & noises from the steam heating system made sleep difficult sometimes, but that was our only problem w/ Loretta’s apartment. The apartment was as advertised.  I would definitely stay here again. Loretta’s place is exactly as she describes it and as it looks in the pictures. A small but very clean and stylish place! Definitely would stay there again!!! As a host, she was great and responded very quickly!!!! Thanks Loretta!!!! I never actually stayed here as I ended up staying with a friend. I was really excited about it though because the pictures looked really good and it’s in a really cool neighborhood. It is a nice house to live!Its small,but u will feel warm!	0
784	Great place. Great area.  We felt like stepping into the home of a family member. Everything we needed was available. The parking was ideal, just a few steps from the front door. The apartment had more than enough space for the six of us. Everything needed to get supplies is available a several locations nearby. The subway is easily accessed. Thanks for a good experience, we would use this service again.  The host was great, he was helpful and fast to answer his message. His instructions were clear! The appartment is big and perfect for two couple or a family! Its well situated and perfect to get fast to touristic destinations.  This apartment was really beautiful, clean and very spacious. Right near the train station, and many restaurants. I would definitely recommend this place to other people.  This would have been my least favorite Airbnb experience, or any other accommodation experience for that matter. And the issues were much more rampant after I left. It was not an entire home which I found out once I had paid, the host wasnt even the host, things wasnt really well thought out and the standard of the whole experience was well below par. Very, very disappointing.  The apartment was in a good location. It was close to a lot of the activities we wished to do during our stay. However, when we got to the apartment, it did not feel clean. There was a half eaten sandwich on the counter, towels in the bed sheets, no bags in the trash cans and just overall very cluttered. I have enjoyed every Airbnb stay I have had until this one. I did not look forward to coming back here after my day in NYC. For the price, I wish I would have stayed at a hotel instead.  Location très agréable, Brandon a toujours été très réactif à nos messages. Le logement totalement adapté très agréable pour deux couples.     Encore merci    Anthony The apartment was clean and located close to the subway line. There were two bedrooms with queen beds, a galley kitchen, and a TV space. The front bedroom is on the street, so it was  a bit noisy, but overall very comfortable!	0
785	We loved this apartment! It is really big, clean, and modern, with a beautiful kitchen, dining area and a mezzanine. The shower is brand new and there is a self flushing Japanese style toilet! The terrace is really nice and we ate dinner there a few times. The location is amazing - near Gramercy Park and close to the metro, buses and supermarkets and there’s a Starbucks across the road. I couldn’t recommend this apartment more. It’s amazing value for such a central location in Manhattan. Thanks for a great time! We absolutely loved staying in this beautiful apartment! The location is ideal, the apartment is renovated, clean and comfortable. We were there for 30 days and throughout our stay any moment I messaged Shayne about any issue he replied to me immediately and sorted it out (even during his wedding weekend he replied to us right away). We really appreciate his commitment to making sure our stay in the apartment was perfect and without any issues.     Even the kitchen and its appliances are all brand new and everything was working perfectly. We especially appreciated having a washer and dryer in the building (free to use, located 1 floor above the apartment) as that apparently is not very common in New York apartments and most people need to do laundry outside.     The neighbours were friendly, the area was great and convenient, I would absolutely stay there again.  We had a fantastic stay at Shaynes apartment. The place was exactly as described in Airbnb. The location was perfect for our needs. The living quarters, the kitchen and the bathroom were clean and ideal for our purposes.  Shayne was a marvellous host. He was always quick to respond to my messages and made sure that we had everything we needed. I would highly recommend this apartment. Great stay! Shayne and Pilar is super friendly and are really helpful. The apartment was clean with a spacious bedroom and a newly renovated bathroom. The location is perfect with proximity to gym, restaurants and Madison Square Park. I felt secure and comfortable the entire time. Five stars! Awesome layout, central location, and great hosts! Im a New Yorker who was between living arrangements and I can honestly say that staying at this lovely apartment made me feel right at home. The space was exactly as it was described/pictured. The location was fabulous. Shayne is a wonderful host. Highly recommend! This place is fantastic.  I love how quiet the apartment is and is decorated beautifully.  The bathroom and shower are amazing and the restaurant next door has become one of my favorites in the city.  Shayne is lovely and easy to communicate with.  I would definitely stay here again! Shayne was an excellent host! There was some building work going on while we stayed there but Shayne made sure to keep us in the loop so it was never a problem. The flat is super clean and the loft can easily be used to accommodate an extra guest (although some acrobatics are required to get up). Would stay again! The apartment is located close to a lot of the hot spots in Manhattan. If you don´t mind taking a walk it will take you for example 10min to Union Square, 25min to Time Square, 5min to Madison Park (try Shake Shack Burgers), HighLine Park 20min. Also, main Metro stations (yellow and green line) within 5-10min distance.   The apartment is well equipped with everything you need. The bathroom is in excellent condition, the apartment overall is of very good standard.   Our host Shayne was friendly, always responsive when questions came up. He is just that type of personality you would want to invite to have a BBQ with you.   If you want to be very central to explore Manhattan while having a comfortable apartment as your home base this is the place to choose.  Great location and Shayne is incredibly easy to deal with and was always reachable / responsive. Apartment is spacious for being a studio and is very quiet. Great A/C. Shayne was a great host! He always responded promptly and was very attentive. The apartment was identical to the photos and extremely clean. The building is very quiet and has polite neighbors. I stayed for about two months and have no complaints. It was the perfect place to come home to after a long day of work or exploring the city. The flat is really lovely and spacious and equipped with most everything you would need. It is in a great location, with lots of restaurants and bars nearby. It is about a 30 minute walk to Times Square. Shayne was friendly and very responsive, quickly sorting out the few minor issues that arose. Having a laundry in the building is a big plus. There is a great bagel shop right by the flat and a fab coffee shop a block away, as well as a 24 hour convenience store on the corner.	1
786	Nice host and nice stay in Brooklyn.  The place its 10 minutes away from two major metro stops to downtown Manhattan. Great stay, very clean, quiet, and comfortable. Would definitely come back again. Olabimpe and Janete are very nice girls. They help me with the bus and transportation in Brooklyn.   The bedroom is clean, but the shared area (kitchen and bathroom) arent so much.  I miss the sun, because the bedroom is downstair and has no windows to the street.   My big problem was the internet, because doesnt worked. Olabimpe is a really nice person and contact with her was a pleasure. She is really responsive and open to her guests. Even if we didnt meet personally, she prepared everything and I has really good Time. The only drawback of the room is that it doesnt have any window and it can be too hot and stuffy. Anyway I recommend you staying there.  I booked for my guest since i overbooked. He was extremely happy and told me Olabimpe welcomed him and treated him with great hospitality. He saids thanks!! Highly recommended!!   Olabimpe and her family were great hosts.  I arrived in Brooklyn a little later than I had planned and even forgot to lock the door one of my days there but she was so sweet and handled it very professionally.   The thought of staying at strangers house in a city you arent familiar with may sound strange but Olabimpe and her family made me feel extremely comfortable here and there was no sketchy business going on.     This place is definitely one of the best options for a private room in Brooklyn! Olabimpe and her family were kind and very helpful. The room is located downstairs with a secure entrance and is very private. The room and the bathroom were clean as well. The room down the hall was only occupied for a few of the nights we were there. Less than 10min walk to Kosciuszko station (J line) and bus stop right at the corner to take A, C line. Kosciuszko is only 6 stops away from Manhattan. Wi-Fi fluctuated a little bit, but when we asked Olabimpe about it, she contacted cable company promptly and resolved the issue quickly. I recommend this place.  Everything was perfect, nice place to stay, clean and private, just like the pictures. Olambimpe was so nice to let me stay at the bedroom for more time. I recomend it! It was an awesome stay. Everything from check-in to check-out was very well organized and we had a lot of privacy.  Thanks For Your Hospitality If you are looking for a place to sleep well in NY, I recommend Olabimpes place. Its a quiet and good room, with a nice bed for you charge your batteries, wake up early and enjoy everything that city offers you.  Its a simple place where theres everything you need to stay few days in NY. Mein Freund und ich haben zwei Nächte bei in dem Zimmer verbracht. Wir haben Olabimpe nicht kennengelernt, aber ihren Bruder und ihre Schwester. Beide waren sehr nett. Wir hatten relativ viel Kontakt mit Olabimpe, da sie für uns ein Taxi gebucht hat und es einige Unklarheiten gab. Sie war immer sehr freundlich und hilfsbereit.  Das Zimmer allerdings war sehr dreckig, genau so wie die Küche und das Bad! Überall Haare, die auch den Ablauf in der Dusche und im Waschbecken verstopft haben!  Ich würde nicht wieder in dem Zimmer übernachten.  The room was nice and confortable. We didn´t meet olabimpe but her brother was really kind with us. Check in and check out were good organizated. Thanks for everything I never met the host but the room is nice. Only downsides are that Internet/mobile connectivity are bad in the basement rooms and there is no AC for the hot days, but everything is very clean and well accommodated! Olabimpe is very  friendly and warmhearted wooman. All her family was taking care of me and I felt myself  as if I was at home so far away from home. The location is also very good. I was looking for clean, safe, easy subway accessable and economical sleeping options for NYC area. Location met those criteria. Small, but adequate room. Air circulation was helped with fan. No air conditioning.    Host was helpful in arranging late check in. A bit difficult to find initially.   Transportation was very close by if you take the bus. The room was clean and neat. My only complaint would be that it was in the basement with no windows and contradictory to what the post said there was no AC.  Olabimpe and her brother are extremely helpful and accommodating.  The apartment is only a few minutes away from the subway station, in a quiet Brooklyn neighborhood (take a look at the Community vegetable garden next to the house!)  The only down side is that the room is in the basement and does not have a window. And the bathroom could be a little cleaner... But ..hey, this is NYC! The price definitely pay for it!       I had a really really good time at Olabimpes room, everything was perfect! The place and room is clean and comfortable. I definitely will came back my next time in Brooklyn. Also his brother is really kind. Thank you Olabimpe and see you next time! Nice room, family, and neighbourhood. kindly la2ndlord,worth of price its really gòod,hosts are nice! Olabimpe and her family were really friendly. Always available to help with anything!  The apartment is located close from a subway station, from a line that goes straight to Manhattan. Quite conveniant.  Regarding the room, it was as decripted. A bit too hot in there but a fan helped a lot with the heat.  Thank you for hosting me I really enjoyed my stay :-) The anfitrition made me feel at home to give me the keys to your house and show me the house Room was similar to listing, fine for a quick one night stop over cant say id want to stay there for any longer, area was a big sketchy at night time wouldnt recommend for female traveling alone but apart from that everything else was fine Olabimpe is a friendly and helpful person. She sings at a gospel choir at her church and its a must to join a service. Its absolutely amazing!!    The room, well, looks much nicer on the pictures than it is.  Its neat and clean, but her whole appartment is in the basement and only has a small ventilation shaft, no daylight.   So the air is pretty frowst and warm, but there was a good fan in our room.     The appartment is very central in Brooklyn, about 10 minutes to the next Metro, J-Line. Lots of small shops and snacks around the main street. Safe neighbourhood at any time! Olabinpe was very nice with us. We could comunicate very easyly with her and she always receveided us with a smile when we got home. The room was as described and the house is close to a metro station. Good experience :) The decision to stay at Olabimpes place was last minute (the evening before) she accepted immediately and also wrote back to my questions in a minute! I just stayed for one night, but she was very friendly and helpful. The place is very warm, and the bed was comforty.   This is my personal opinion. I spent two nights in this house, and I have nothing negative to say; it was like at home. Peaceful, smiling, and helpful This is my personal opinion. I spent two nights in this house, and I have nothing negative to say; it was like at home. Mrs. Olabimpe Ojo is truly a genuinely good person. So, I met peaceful, smiling, and helpful people in the house. Everything is close in this area. Some friends of mine are planning to stay there for vacation.  Ola was sweet, and accommodating, I got to her place really, really late, but she waited up for me and was kind. I only saw her the day of my arrival though so yeah she was cool!  The room I got was not exactly like in the picture, I could feel the springs on the bed, so it wasnt really comfortable.  The neighborhood was ok, just a few dodgy characters here and there but, streets arent busy at night.  Easy check in. A bit farther from the train than I realized. Neighborhood felt just a little bit sketchy. Room didnt have a window but was clean and comfortable.  I booked this place last minute and Olabimpe replied immediately. There was no one to let me in at the time wed arranged so I had to wait for an hour and a half which wasnt ideal. Pretty well located for Manhattan and JFK (go to the jerk chicken place across the road). The room is ok, in the basement flat with one other bedroom next door. Too expensive for what it was though in my opinion, even for New York. I was greeted be Olabimpe sister, who was very nice and accommodating. The place was very quite and was just what I need for me weeks stay. I will stay again! Olabimpe was friendly and communicated quickly. As some other reviewers have noted, the room is in the basement, so there is no natural light, and the picture shows the whole extent of the room. It is a small room, and the mattress is the noisiest thing Ive ever slept on. You do have to walk a bit to the metro stations, but I didnt mind it, and it was close enough to Manhattan for my purposes Olabimpe was great from the start to the end of my experience in her house. Its a very comfortable and private room in Bed-Stuy, a safe and quiet neighborhood. I absolutely recommend this room to anyone! It made my last days in New York very comfortable!  Bimpie and her sisters were extremely sweet and helpful. Unlike the reviews I read prior to staying with her, the neighborhood is not bad. By sketchy I think some reviewers just meant that there were a lot of black people in the area. The train station is only a few blocks away, and compared to everywhere you have to walk in NY it was nothing. There is not AC, and it was hot. A fan helped keep me cool at night, but please keep this in mind. The bathroom and my room were clean. Bimpie helped me with any info that I needed. Thanks so much for having me ladies! It was awesome! The room was comfy and almost like my own. Everything was clean and Olabimpe was soooo nice. I got lost coming there and she helped me find my way back. I felt like I had my own apt but still if I needed anything she was there!  Olabimpe was very sure to get us the key on our arrival. The place is walking distance from the Subway. The house was very quiet and clean. It was the perfect stay for giving us a place to sleep while we explored the city during the day!  It was great to see a different side of Brooklyn. I enjoyed my time here. The room is small but I didnt mind because it was just me. It was a good first experience with Airbnb and with Olabimpe. She was not around that much but then neither was I, but we kept in touch with each other. Olabimpe and her sister were very nice and assisted me with anything I needed. They are wonderful young ladies and the neighborhood has some nice people as well. My only complaint is that it was hot in my room all the time, the fan helped but not all the time. Overall an 7/10.	0
787	Rika is very attentive to communication and managed to organise me a place to stay for me and my mom. For the cheap price, everything was nice, tidy and clean (room, sheets, pillows, blankets, bathroom, kitchen, everything was clean!) And we also got 2 clean towels! The other tenants living there were also nice and clean. Location was strategically located, literally steps away from subway and central park so thats a good run every morning. Overall, my experienced in New York was pleasant because i made the right decision to stay at Rikas. Lovely, clean room. Very affordable and most importantly very friendly :)  Great experience! Very clean  Very friendly  Would recommend it was tiny but clean room, enough for one person. the annoying thing is - really weak flow and a bit warm water in a shower. i havent met Rika, so i cant say anything regarding her personality. the room is quiet, location is convenient, subway is very close. dont book shared room unless you really dont care being in public cause its actually not a room, its curtain in corridor separating small niche. The space was clean and very convenient (right near the 6th Ave subway, and a small convenience store). I felt comfortable and secure. WiFi worked great.  Because of my timing, I never met Rika.     There is no comment to make about Hika, because to me it does not exist.  Who gave me the key to access the room was a neighbor as she even speaks in your messages.  And during the time I was in the room, and walked out of the place without exchanging a word with anyone.  I know there are other people inside the building, but do not know who these people are.  I just left the key hanging and left, explains some posters set out in the apartment hallway. Very flexible on my arrival and comfortable room.  Loved getting up early and walking a few blocks to Central Park! I stayed at Rikas place with two of my friends for a few days and although the room was quite small for three people (we didnt have a problem with that because were close friends, but keep in mind) , we had a great time. Rika was really welcoming, nice and helpful. We didnt see much of her after the evening we checked in because we were out during the day but shes always been very responsive whenever I texted her.   What I really liked about the apartment is the location - its a 5 minute walk to Central Park and right next to the subway station that can take you downtown. Also its a private room and we had a key which was great for us because we had our luggage with us and it felt safe to leave it there. And although a lot of different people probably stay there Rika keeps it very clean! She also provided us with shampoo, soap, we could use the microwave, fridge, hairdryer, clean towels  and basically all one would need for a few days stay. The other thing it feels necessary to mention is that the price is very affordable, especially for an apartment in Manhattan!  All in all I recommend it to anyone looking for a good and affordable place to stay.    Its a great place for you to stay when you are in NYC. Super near to the subway station and a big supermarket. Nice room and great dining room which has a great television. And of course Rika is nice--very easy to communicate. Rika is a great host! Very easy to communicate.  She let me check in early in the morning, which was really nice. Would love to stay with her again.   Very clean and very friendly hosts. It´s close to a subway station and a short walk to the Central Park, grocery store and several restaurants. I would stay here again. Great location and very cozy home When Im arrived the first time when I saw the place was sketchy, the lockbox was open with inside the key, the neighbors didnt know about my arrived, inside the apartment there were other people and my room was very closed the other bed place where just a tend divide us, my room was very cold and dirty( black hair anywhere on the floor, spider on the top, powder) , and also sometimes cannabis smell. I never meet Rika, I just heard her for this problem, I think shes is nice person but I dont know more about Her. The place is also closed of subway a few miles on foot to time square and central park.  Room was sufficient for my needs. I was hardly there, as I was mostly exploring the city. The permanent tenants were very kind; we talked a few times. I easily walked to Central Park both mornings (only a few minute walk). Uber ride to the city ranged from $20-30 each way. Subway was VERY close, but I never tried it!  Not super spacious but clean and comfortable and a good value right near a subway stop.  My (Hidden by Airbnb) from Paris were very friendly.  I would stay here again.   I loved staying here. I didnt need much as I was trying to be mostly out and about. I found things very clean. I didnt get to meet Rika, but I met her roommate who was very nice. The subway was less than a minute walk from the front door. There were food places everywhere!  When I first arrived I was a bit weary of the neighbourhood, but found everyone very nice! I really did enjoy staying here.  Place was at great location, Rika let me check-in lot early and accommodated all of my requests.  Great location! About what you can expect for such a low proce point. Rika is very helpful and accomodating though. Recommend if you are only there to sleep :) 完全沒有見過Rita,房間很髒外加有問題聯絡Rita他不提供手機號碼只透過airbnb訊息,但是真正遇到問題根本不理也不解決,很糟糕的經驗 La camera non è come nelle foto, è un pò più squallida ma soprattutto ho trovato vari capelli neri sparsi e sul tavolo delle unghie (che schifo). Lappartamento invece è piccolo ( perchè era occupato da altre 4 persone) ma è normale, è vicino alla metropolitana e ci sono vari alimentari. Lhost non lho mai vista, e quando sono arrivata allappartamento e nessuno mi ha aperto, lho chiamata al telefono e non mi ha mai risposto (neanche i giorni seguenti), ho avuto un attimo di panico, era sera e non cera della bella gente, infatti è venuta la polizia e hanno fatto una perquisizione a dei ragazzi che erano a fianco al portone...alla fine mi hanno aperto ma dopo tanti tentativi.... Close to Central Park and Mt. Sinai hospital. Hostel like feel with all of the rooms and even living room hosting other guests. Cant beat the price for the location though! RIkaさんが親切でよかったです。 Great place if you need somewhere to crash. Not a luxury hotel but very comfortable, friendly, safe and great location For the adventurous who want to experience Harlem this is a great starting spot. Steps away from the subway, local eateries nearby and friendly neighbors at the doorsteps, its night time when the neighborhood comes alive. The room can get hot during hot nights (there is a fan in the room) and you are sharing the apartment with other folks in other rooms. Rika is easy to reach via email and she responds quickly. Thanks for a great stay! House is little small and it is based on roommates sharing. Multiple rooms on airbnb leased but a nice average room. Location wise the area is very closer to central park so great place for travelers. The people taking care of the place was really nice.  The room is a great place for a single person traveling by him/herself.  The walls are a bit thin, so youll hear your neighbors outside, but theyve all been very nice.  The place is extremely close to the 6 train and is very convenient to get around.  Its also very close to all the museums. the subway is really downstairs the apt, and this is really a big strength because the neighborhood is not really nice. the room wasn t as in the picture, it wasn t clean enough,many black hair on the floor and spiders and dust on the walls. Rika was very helpful and nice! The place was amazing, I would definitely stay here again and recommend this spot to my friends. Rika is a wonderful host! Bed is comfy and bathroom is pretty new with a good shower. The hallways are a tight fit however and the room is small so I would not recommend if you have a lot of luggage or if you have large luggage. Otherwise it was perfect for what I needed. Close to everything.  Small room . AVOID!!! It is located in a dangerous area and is highly unclean!!! Literally spent 10 minutes in apartment felt unsafe so walked out!!! Hostess has declined a refund which I am still perusing.. 駅近で、宿泊用としては十分です。 Value for money was good with metro very close by (line 6). Area has a bad rep but I felt safe and people seemed friendly. The place is located in a great place to get to know the city, being so close to Central Park was amazing. The room and bathroom were small but comfortable and Rika was a great host. Only thing to keep in mind is that the place is on the second floor and there is no elevator. Roma’s private manhattan room is located 30secs from the “6” subway station which connects you to Grand Central station (midtown) in abt 40minutes or so. Room is clean, typical size for a nyc apt (small), and is good for a single traveler. bathroom is clean, and to be shared with 3-4 other guests. Neighbor kids can be noisy but after 11:30pm or so you won’t be able to hear them; rika has provide ear plugs for your use i would recommend rika’s place for single travelers! No complaints. Great location, great room, great price Stay Away from this place!!!!! Unless you don’t respect yourself. The place they call a room is closet size at the most. Apartment is a mess. Host is unreachable, whether its text message or phone call. Internet is super slow, i was trying to use it finding another place to stay, ended up sharing from my iPhone. I booked it for one night only and couldn’t even stay, i left when i saw it. Photos are misleading. Im not even mentioning there are nothing else you might need, forget about it. Overall terrible experience, have no will to book anything with airbnb anytime soon. The rating Rika has seems to be fake to me. DO NOT GO THERE!!!!! Nice place for short stay.	0
788	Lou was an awesome host! He gave me a tour of the place at check-in and made sure I knew where the neighborhood essentials were.   The apartment itself is awesome too! Its clean and well maintained. Its also really cosy for being as large as it is. And you really cannot beat the location. Its the perfect place to stay while in NYC. Ill definitely be looking to stay again Lou ist a great host. The apartment was very clean and i loved the two TV`s in both rooms. Its really all what you need for a nice stay in NYC. Location is good too. Close to 23th and 2 av. From here you can take the bus to any place to the west side. subway stops (4/6) not far too. You have lot of supermarkets, restaurants and much more around the apartment. I would come anytime again. Appartamento situato in un ottima posizione, a 5 minuti dalla metropolitana. Lunica pecca è che la pulizia lascia un po a desiderare... Per tutto il resto, ci siamo trovati molto bene, e Lou è stato gentilissimo e molto disponibile. The location is good, it is nearby bus stop and railway station. Although the room is not large, it is comfortable. Mr. Lou is friendly and nice. I suggest travelers to select this apartment. Lou was very helpful and a great host. The apartament is perfect for a couple, it was very good located, near all. I would stay again. Appartement bien situé au coeur de manhattan, quartier vivant et bien deservi (bus +metro).  La propreté est à améliorer.... Good place, near the subway and bus station. Spacious with heigh ceilings place. A bit far from the subway, but managable. Make sure you ask all the details about how to turn on the lights in advance, as its not very obvious, especially when you arrive when its dark. Be prepared that you will wake up every day at 5 am because of the  loud radiator steam fuss  that is right by the bed. Otherwise you get what you pay for. Ok place, very nice guy. I am more than pleased to write this review for Lous place. To begin with, the location is superb. Not far from the subway station and plenty of restaurants and grocery marts around. More importantly, Lou did a wonderful job in attending to our concerns and was very responsive. I have never met an AirBnB host who sincerely cares so much about the comfort n quality of his guests stay, like the way he does. He was not hard to reach and is a very understanding and kind person. My mother and I are very appreciative of his efforts to make sure we were comfortable, since we visited NYC right before the unexpected snowstorm and given that we are Southerners, we were not used to the bitter cold at all. So he purchased more blankets for us to make sure we were warm. Furthermore, he was kind enough to let us extend our stay with the last-minute notice due to the unforeseen aforementioned snowstorm. The only issue I would like to mention is that it was a little tricky trying to figure out how to turn on the lights in the apartment when we first checked-in. Just make sure you ask him before you arrive. Otherwise, I am happy with my stay, and I recommend this spot to anyone who plans on visiting NYC. Place is cozy and location is spectacular. Hospitality was outstanding. Thank you again for everything, Lou!! 	1
789	Communication was minimal, and late, the place si very clean and room is nice.  Bathroom clean, neighborhood was ok, but noisy at night, 14mm walk from A Line.  People living in the place noisy sometimes. Karen was so nice to let us in at noon, her place were as nice as the description, everything was cleaned. Very good. The room itself was small but expected. There were many unfortunate surprises. We came home admittedly late in the evening after our friend’s birthday party and the lock did not work. Our host failed to apologize. She did not have a key with her and she had to wake tenants in the house in order for us to go into our room which was very unprofessional. The toilet paper was not stocked efficiently and the soap was watered down. There was also little to no cell service in our room. It was an overall frustrating experience so much so that we ended up staying in another friend’s home because we felt so uncomfortable staying there. Perfect place for a quick weekend in the city! VERY clean place and felt safe inside. The streets were a bit loud outside at night but it was expected for the area. Would stay again. Yan and Weiwei are decent quite hosts. There place is clean and comfortable.  I almost felt home. The roof is a good spot to have ur morning coffee. Bus for JFK right infront of the place. Very accommodating super hosts, they were very responsive to any inquiries I had and made my stay easier. would recommend and would love to come back!  Thanks guys! I stayed at 3 different Airbnb’s in Brooklyn this past weekend and Yan’s was my favorite. It was extremely clean, there were cute little notes everywhere to make it easier to find things, and the bed was extremely comfortable! It was so quiet which is a hard amenity to find in Brooklyn. The rooftop was an awesome touch, and Yan was super kind. I would absolutely stay here again! This place was a great value for business travel. I booked the same day and needed a last minute place to stay. The host is responsive and the place accurately matches the photos. Yam allowed me the keep my luggage there after I checked out and I was able to come back before my flight. 숙소 넓고 깨끗합니다. Honestly the best we couldve hoped for. Very safe check-in and extremely clean room and lovely environment! This place was very clean and well equipped! I also loved the huge living room. Yans co-host, Shad was responsive and kind - thank you! Excellent everything, I recommend 100% ...  Excelente todo, lo recomiendo 100%... Yans place is great! We stayed here for 7 days and have no problems with it. It is very convenient which we can walk to different subway stations in less than 15 minutes. This is a good place to someone who is looking for a place to live in Brooklyn with a reasonable price! The place was clean and comfortable. It was great to stay for a night. Finding parking can be difficult and walking around the neighborhood late at night isnt the best idea. But Yans place on it own was really nice and comfy. Very clean and the host was very sweet. Clean room and super-easy/flexible check-in. Communication was great with host. However, dont recommend to drivers - parking was very difficult to find.  Overall, acceptable for short stay on tight budget. The place was nice and clean and exactly as described. One small criticism is the hosts did not introduce themselves or greet us. I didnt really mind this but it did make it slightly more awkward when we saw them around the apartment as we were not sure if they were the hosts or just other guests. That said its a great place to stay at a great price and in a good location. I recommend it and would definitely stay again. Enjoyed my stay! Very hospitable place close to public transportation. It felt home like for the short time we were there. This apartement is a great place to stay but its not really an Airbnb. More like a hôtel because there are lots of people... Pity! Little bit noise in the room but good sleeping. Bed very confortable and king size. The host are not very communicativ but very nice. 사진과같이 숙소는 깨끗하고 좋았습니다 방도 넓어서 쾌적했구요 길건너에 마트도있어서 좋았어요. 공항까지가는 일반 메트로 버스가 있고 시설이 깨끗해보여 예약했으니 만족합니다. 가격과 숙소내부를 생각하면 너무 좋은가격이였지만 늦은시간 귀가하면 정말 무서우니 꼭 고려하세요	1
790	"A truly unique space with so much character located in an awesome Hells Kitchen location.  Kitchen had lots of supplies, and the host was very responsive.  Only con was the 3 flights of steps - but its worth it :-) The host canceled this reservation 17 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great place. Exactly as pictured. Close to some great restaurants on 8th. My daughter brought a friend that had never been to NYC before. The girls were easily able to come and go and walk to the broadway stuff but the place felt well out of the tourist district. I easily walked to the MOMA and back. We arrived a little early and Lenny met us and let us right in. He gave us a great run down of the place and got us anything we needed. Thanks for a great stay.  Amazing property. Thanks for everything! This place is a piece of art.  It has so much character, definitely much better than the boring hotel rooms.  The place is very compact but complete.  Location is great.  Great ramen restaurant right cross the street and 24/7 grocery store is just down the block.  Broadway, central park and time square are all within walking distance.  The piano is still in good condition, which is the main reason we choose this apartment to begin with.  My only complain is the noise at night.  I am not sure what is up with the people who honk at 2-3 AM at a residential neighborhood.  It happened 2 nights in a row.   ottima location . eravamo 5 amici comodo per posizione , molto caratteristico  The host canceled this reservation 32 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. This place is absolutely gorgeous and perfectly located! Julian was easy to communicate with and checking in and out was a piece of cake. Highly recommend!  Everything was just great with the only exception that there is no elevator in the building.  Be ready for that. The building was built in 1890. Bottom line is that you can live with that, and, of course, the location beats everything negative.  The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Julians place is central to many of the tourist hotspots and gives you a great taste of the bustle of NYC while keeping your accommodation off the craziest streets. While Im far from an expert on this, I suspect the apartment is a decent size for such a central location, good for up to four adults to stay comfortably - any more than that is a little tight, particularly as the second bathroom is a combined toilet/shower situation. In addition to the location and size, the decor features of the apartment will make your stay that bit more special. Perfect place for a nice New York getaway! Extremely central to EVERYTHING! If you are looking for a place that has it all this is definitely the spot! Good location! This is a great location for your NYC stay - everything accessible by walking or subway.   A funky space with good amenities.  1 bedroom and bathroom are very small and difficult to use if 4 people are sharing.  The space overall has a great feeling about it.   We were welcomed warmly by onsite hosts who were also very helpful with getting luggage upstairs.  We loved our stay in Hells Kitchen. The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Espaço moderno e acolhedor. Recomendo. If youre only requirement or concern is location, this is a great place! Right in the middle of everything. Its a unique place with so much potential, but fell far short of expectations. If you want cleanliness, plush towels, sheets, bedding,decent toilet paper or ANY amenities, this isnt the place for you. Bring it from home. My past experiences using Airbnb, (Hidden by Airbnb) and (Hidden by Airbnb) has spoiled me I guess because this place was empty. Nothing but dish soap and cleaning supplies. Dont expect any extras here. The listing doesnt note any so thats my problem, but having to ask for more bath towels because we only got 3 and only getting 3 more old ratty towels the next day around 11:00 a.m. when indicating 5 guests is ridiculous IMO. Especially since they had to last 4 days. Flat screen TVs advertised, but only one was usable via Netflix in the bedroom. Apparently the Roku stick had been stolen rendering the living area tv useless. When I texted my disappointment about it and the fact that at check-in we were told ""the place was being rented on the down low""....""if anyone asks, tell them youre a personal friend of XXXX"", I was told theyd see about getting one right away. That was the last communication I heard from the host, Ang, who was supposedly substituting for Julian. That was Day 1, never heard back. Kinds bothered me that we were doing something ""frowned upon by the neighbors"" and not made aware of such fact until we were there paying cash ""for the taxes"". The master bath is a mess. Shower curtain doesnt fit the tub so water constantly leaking all over the floor so there was a ton of standing water in the bathroom after showers. Trying to adjust the shower curtain only meant the shower rod fell off the walk each time which wasnt really that bad in itself other than the fact that we were standing in ankle deep water because the tub drained so slow. Other items such as the heated floors, heated towel rack and coffee station must have been available in days past because they werent evident during our stay. Advertising a ""coffee station"" is way overselling a coffee pot. Bring your own coffee supplies. So many other things, but no sense going further. I tried reaching out to the hosts, Julian and Ang with a text, same way wed previously communicated, but no response. The floors were filthy. My wife always kicks her shoes and socks off when she gets indoors, but ended up even walking around in shoes while in her pjs. Lots of hair on the floor throughout. My sister-in-law staying with us swears their sheets were not clean. The one dresser in the apartment had 5 drawers. Three were taken with spare linens and a comforter? Just really a disappointing stay especially since Id sold my brother and SIL on how great Airbnbs were compared to hotels and the fact that with... The host canceled this reservation 4 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 4 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great place and location.  Thanks!"	0
791	Everything  is ok The house is really old and need some updates. Bathroom is shared with other guests and did not seem like it was cleaned every day. The sheets on one of the beds were so dirty that we slept in our clothes on. There were also mice in another bedroom and we heard how customers were complaining about it. The receptionist spoke hardly English and it was hard to communicate, however, I was getting pretty quick response via email. The neighborhood is not very safe, my car was scratched from the sides while I was parked there. Free parking was a nice addition though. What I really didnt like is some kind of additional taxes we had to pay upon arrival by cash and it was like $10 per person. Overall,the place was ok for the price.  Not too much expectation. They are welcoming. Bring everything you will need for your trip.  The house is clean and nice, the host is very nice. We have a little communication misunderstood,but it wouldnt be a problem. Pathatic When we checked in, we asked 5pm but the host told us she could come at 8pm, so we have to wait hot outside for 3 hours! And the host asked tax frequently after we already paid tax. We felt uncomfortable during our stay. Yo hice reserva de 2 habitaciones para 6 personas, cuando llegamos al apartamento, las fotos que vimos en el anuncio eran diferentes a la realidad. Era solo 1 habitación y una cama dentro del closet de la misma habitación, era imposible que 6 personas entren en ese espacio, tuve que alquilar en otro lugar una habitación extra para que podamos entrar todos. Demasiado ruido todo el tiempo. Quisieron cobrar un impuesto extra cuando yo ya había cancelado todo. El baño es compartido con muchas otras habitaciones. PESIMO TODO!	0
792	Great stay easy and convenient  Bonnie was responsive, patient with the booking and easy to communicate with. Her apartment was charming and centrally located. I would stay at her place again! She even gave me an umbrella when the weather was dreadful that I intend to mail back. Wonderful experience with fresh linens and wifi.  Bonnie was very nice and accommodating. I called her when we arrived early and she answered right away. The apartment was in a great area. She left us clean towels, a space heater, extra hangers in the closet, and even an Iphone charger. It was a major bonus that she does not list a cleaning fee. The pictures are accurate other than the bedding. We liked that the bedding definitely looked new, like she made the bed just for us. But dont expect hotel style bedding. The fabric was very cheap and uncomfortable. Although it was the perfect size in the perfect area, I will never stay at any of Bonnies listings in the future. Bonnie never listed that she owns a cat. There was cat hair everywhere and a litter box in the closet. Unfortunately, I am extremely allergic to cats so I was sick for the less than 24 hours I was there. If an animal/animals regularly lives in the home, its it vital that the host states this on his/her listing. I would never agree or pay to stay in a place with a cat. This apartment was okay. There is no way to adjust the heat so we roasted and spent as little time as possible indoors. This is also because there was a thick odor of cat in the air. We were so displeased that we left a day early. We figured it would be out of sorts to try and get some of our money back so we left quietly. Now I am being asked to pay $413 for a couch that I never sat on or even went near. I would not recommend staying here to anyone, ever. The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Lappartamento e molto carino, semplice e compatto. La zona e davvero tranquilla, ce un ottimo pub sotto lappartamento e la presenza dell universita permette un via e via di ragazzi. Tengo a precisare che non siamo a times square, di notte non caos in gir. Comunque sia e servita benissimo, sia dall autobus, che dalle linee metro (gialla verde rossa e blu). La proprietaria bonnie e stata con noi molto gentile e disponibile. Ottima persona. Bonnies apartment was perfect. Really well located for the N, R, 4, 5 & 6 trains. Loads of restaurants and cafes nearby. Everything you need in the apartment - enough space, wifi, good shower. Its on the 5th floor, which is a bit of a climb, but not a lot of street noise. It also has a fire escape to the roof which has nice views. Bonnie was really communicative, and kind. Her friend Robin, who met us with the keys, gave us a tour around the neighbourhood and was very friendly too. Would definitely stay again.  No recomiendo este alojamiento para nada. La dueña no se ocupo de arreglar el tema de la llave hasta ultimo momento, cambiando varias veces de plan e improvisando. El departamento es muy pequeño, sobre todo la cocina. No tiene mesa donde comer ni ninguna comidad para cocinar y esta llena de zapatos y olor a pie. No tiene insumos basicos que ayuden a alguien que esta viajando (sal, aceite, azucar, etc...). Para colmo, el agua caliente dejo de funcionar en mitad de la estadia y no me ofrecieron ninguna solucion. Cuando reclame que se me devuelva parte de la estadia, obtuve un mensaje agresivo y menos de un 10% de devolucion. Para colmo, se suponia que el agua caliente volvia la tarde del ultimo dia, pero la dueña fue inflexible con el horario de check out con lo que no pude ducharme antes de viajar.  Descontando que tiene 4 pisos de escalera! Por el precio que se pide, mucho mejor alojarse en un hotel.	0
793	The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 10 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 25 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The post was just as described. Great location in Harlem, easy access to transit.  Perfect stay. Kwesis place had everything I needed to feel at home. Loved my stay.  The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Kwesi was very helpful and extremely accommodating. The apartment was in a convenient location, tidy and spacious. It was easy to find parking nearby (stayed over the weekend). We enjoyed our stay. Good location! Some trains are a little further away but all walkable. There is lots of street parking and its great for a weekend trip. I would recommend bringing your own toiletries and towels.  It was a great experience overall. The apartment is very nice and well kept. The location is right between two subway lines but a good 7-10 minute walk to each. There are restaurants, grocery stores, and even a bar around the corner.  The communication with Kwesi was very good and he was very helpful with questions and suggestions.  Kwesi was very nice and besides some miscommunication about arrival time, the experience was very pleasant. Great value for a one-bedroom apartment and had everything we needed for a comfy stay.  Very nice apartament, A+ The apartment was very good, ample and had all the necessary services, also clean and as detailed in the publication.  Its a few blocks from the subway so getting around is very easy.  The hostess waited to get us to the apartment until 1 am for late flight, very friendly.    Recommended for vacation in NY. Waited for us even though we were much later arriving check in was really easy as was checkout answered any questions we had! Great host totally recommend.  This was one of the worst Airbnb experiences I have ever had. We arrive and Kwesi hands us our keys outside of the apartment. He doesnt even take us upstairs to give us a tour or anything, and Im sure there was a reason why he did so. We got upstairs looked around the apartment. First thing we noticed that there were white stains all over the bed sheets, like they had not been washed at all. The pillows, once we took of the pillow cases to check them, were stained as if they had never been washed or replaced and were extremely old. We let Kwesi know and he just said that the cleaners forgot to change the sheets, so we looked for other sheets in the apartment and they all didnt seem very clean. The ones we ended up using seemed like they had some type of oil stain embedded into it. We ended up not sleeping on pillows for the entire duration of our stay as they were disgusting. The towels provided did not smell clean either, they smelt like they had not been washed. Luckily I had brought my own. My boyfriend was disappointed that the place was so dirty and sent pictures to Kwesi of all of the articles that were not clean. He did not do anything to clean the place or bring other pillows, he expected us to go out of our way to go buy our own pillows, which we were not going to do as we were on vacation and its not our responsibility. We then got Airbnb involved and sent them all the pictures of the dirty items and they said that they could only offer a portion of our stay back if we cancelled the reservation. We had to spend around 2.5 hours on the phone with them while we were on vacation just to try and get the cleanliness issue addressed. They contacted Kwesi and he said he would not be able to come and clean the place that night and we responded that we should have came to a clean apartment and they stated there was not much they could do. Kwesi kept making excuses saying there were extra clean sheets and that we should buy new pillows and he would reimburse us for them. In fact, there was no other clean comforter and we had to sleep on the sheet that had a huge stain of oil or something on it. Airbnb only refunded the cleaning fee to us and gave us 100 of our next stay. Honestly, Ive had good experiences with Airbnb before but after this I rather just stay at a hotel next time and not have to worry about the cleanliness of a place. Airbnb needs to have some kind of cleanliness inspection before a host rents out a place. This was the worst airbnb experience Ive had. I wish I could upload the pictures so you could see for yourself.  Wow! I really loved the location and convenience of Kwesis place.  Couldnt ask for a better place as far as price, cleanliness, convenience. One block from the train and great restaurants. Kwesi was also a great host, very responsive and helpful with suggesting great places to eat and hang out. Overall I had a great stay, and would definitely come back again. The location of the apartment is great, there are subway stations just a few minutes away that will get you directly to downtown. The neighborhood is pretty safe and we didnt feel insecure even when walking at 2am. Unfortunately Kwesi  confused our arrival date so we were at 6am outside in the cold trying to reach him for about 30 minutes. Once he picked up and let us in he thoroughly apologized and gave us 1 night discount. Sadly the apartment was very dirty, especially the bathroom and Kwesi told us that a cleaning lady was going to come and clean later the day. When we came back at night,  after the cleaning lady visited the place, the only superficially cleaned room was the bathroom. The floor was very dusty in the rest of the apartment and the kitchen counters were still sticky. The towels were very rough and didnt smell very clean.   The listing says it is for up to 3 people but I do not recommend more than 2 people staying. The couch is very uncomfortable and narrow and there was no proper bedding for the 3rd person.   Overall it was an ok stay for the price and the location is definitely a positive aspect.  It was acceptable since we only slept in the apartment and spent the entire day walking around in the city but I wouldnt want to have spent more time in the apartment then necessary.  Really easy check-in and check out and it is very close to public transportation. Great value for the entire apartment which is very spacious and comfortable. I would recommend! The host canceled this reservation 7 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 10 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Building is unaware of Airbnb service & leads to interrogation by doorman..	0
794	Elizabeth was very kind and helpful! Her room is very convenient to the subway stops and we were able to get into Manhattan quickly.   There was a small convenience store around the corner, so that was nice when we needed snacks. However, we had a hard time finding restaurants for breakfast or lunch nearby.   We felt that we had ample privacy when we were there and it was quiet and restful. The bathroom was private and it was great that we didnt have to share it with the other roommates. It was tiny, but more than adequate. Great shower pressure and lots of hot water!  Loved that we were given a key and could come and go as we pleased. The apartment, as a whole, was tidy and welcoming. We were able to store leftovers in the fridge, and had access to filtered water and glasses.   The two roommates were friendly and helpful, especially when we ran into a problem back home and needed to have something shipped to us. Great communication via text message!  The bedroom was warm, which was great since it was very cold outside! The radiator was quite noisy though and rattled and whistled. However, it wasnt loud enough to keep us up at night.   The only real nuisance was the bedding. The sheet set was poor quality and pretty scratchy. There was also one of those plastic pee covers on the bed that children use, so when you rolled over, it rustled around. I realize having strangers in your bed might warrant concern for the mattress, but is wasnt very comfy. All in all though, we slept fine and it wasnt the end of the world! Lol.   Elizabeth did require that we strip the sheets and wipe the bathroom down with Clorox wipes upon checking out. That was new to us, but we were happy to comply.   All three ladies were awesome to deal with! We felt safe and happy while we were there and would gladly recommend them to a friend! It was nice to have a great place to come home to after exploring the city all day. Thank you very much for your hospitality!  Great place to stay! The room, the bathroom, and the whole apartment are beautiful. Elizabeth wasnt there, but her sister who also lives there was very helpful. Friendly, charming, comfortable, clean - perfect.      We had an absolutely wonderful stay with Elizabeth and company!!!  Though we only saw Liz the last day of our stay, she was readily available for any questions and was ready to communicate before and after our stay with any needs, concerns, etc.  She/her roommates were flexible with a check in time, and even after she said there wouldnt be towels available, she found a way to make sure we had them.  When she returned from a 2 week stay in Spain and we were having problems contacting a car company to take us to the airport, she was willing to help us find a solution and was wonderfully hospitable (despite having to teach a class later that evening).  Her roommates and friends were extremely kind and treated us like temporary roommates with warm greetings or well wishes for a good evening.  I was applying for a job in the area and her sister was gracious enough to ask how my interview went and have a chat with me about the process.  All in all, I couldnt ask for better people to stay with!!!       The apartment was beautiful, as described.  A lovely kitchen and living area, wonderful, clean private bathroom, and nice and sunny bedroom with a comfy bed.  If you stay here, overall they make it feel like home.  There was access to various trains as well as a great neighborhood with plenty of shops and food within close range.  I would recommend Lizs place over and over again to anyone who is looking to stay in NYC and get the experience of living there without actually moving.  Thanks so much to all three of you, youre wonderful people and we had a great time staying with you!!! Great stay at the heart of Brooklyn!  Very easy access to subway, restaurants and more!  Liz and Allison were very helpful and thought about every details.   The apartment itself is really cute and got everything you need.     Many thanks for hosting us!  La casa esta muy bien ubicada, a tan solo dos paradas de Manhattan,la casa estaba limpia, la cama era cómoda y la hermana de Liz nos trato muy bien y nos dio toda la información que le pedimos, la única pega los tres pisos de escaleras, pero estuvimos genial!	1
795	.    Harel was a charming, gracious and easygoing host, who responded to my initial inquiry almost immediately.  His apartment was very clean, tidy, and accommodating, and the newly redone floors gave the apartment a nice clean feel (unlike many upper west side Manhattan apartments).   As shown in the photos the furnishings were quite comfortable as a place to stay while on a short visit to New York.  I didnt make use of the AC or TV during the several days while I was there, but the Wifi was strong.       Harels apartment is located a block and a half from City College and only half a block from Broadway in Manhattans famed historic Hamilton Heights neighborhood (named for former resident Alexander Hamilton), very close to the #1 subway that takes you downtown to Times Square and the Theatre District.  Around the corner on bustling Broadway there are many small shops, restaurants and fast-food places, and there is a wonderful sidewalk farmers market just a block away on Broadway every Tuesday.  Its a great place to experience the diversity and vibrancy of living in Manhattan.    I would be happy to stay in Harels apartment again and look forward to my next visit!  Thank you Harel!    . Harel and his place were great. He met my two kids and I late in the evening on a Friday on very short notice, and made early check out arrangements as well. The place was a great size and well apportioned. Easy train access was a huge bonus as well. The four person max would easily be accommodated, and we had room for the pop and play crib I brought for my toddler. Street parking was even easy. Id very easily stay here again, without a doubt. Der Gastgeber war nett aber schmierig.   Es war nah an der U-Bahn, Supermarkt und McDonalds  Harels apartment was exactly what I expected, according to the photos posted. Check in was quick and easy. My stay was comfortable. Harel was very kind and accommodating. He gave us our own keys so that we could easily get into the building on our own. It was fairly clean as well and accommodated my Dad and I well. My only complaint is that the apartment smelled like someone smokes there, and I wish I had known ahead of time. We lit some candles to make the smell go away. It was a good house. Easy commute to any place. I liked it.  Had a great stay at Harols place...he was very kind and accommodating. Would def recommend this place if you are visiting NY Harols place is very convenient... Trains restaurants etc. We loved staying at Harels place. It was clean and simple. The location was perfect. Everything we needed was literally within one block. Harel was very laid back and available if we had questions or concerns. We would definitely stay again. The host canceled this reservation 48 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Me and my friends had a great stay at Harels, the place was as pictured and advertised. He was also flexible with our arrival time, which we appreciated. The location was great with lots of local places to eat and grab a coffee. Having the subway close by made it very easy to travel around the city. Harel is a very nice person with an excellent attitude and explained to us everything very well. His place is clean, comfortable and very near the train station and local restaurants and other stores. I liked it very much because it was quite and the building has an elevator. I would recommend this place to stay and I look forward to stay again at Harels place. Harel made my weekend visit to NYC easy and breezy! He was very accommodating to my unpredictable check-in and check-out times, and the apartment was exactly as described: serviceable, easy to access, but not chock-full of amenities. I would recommend that you bring your own pillows!     Thanks again for sharing your place with us, Harel! My second stay in Harels apartment (see, I told you Id be back!).  Even better than the first.  Comfortable, no worries.  See my original review for more complete details.  Thank you again Harel !       Weve never met Harel during our stay but he always answered quickly via (Hidden by Airbnb) if we had a question. The apartment is really comfortable for short stays, 3 min walked to the subway (line 1) which is very convenient! The place was clean and quiet. Just be prepared to be very hot inside because of the heating system. I definitely recommend this place if you come to visit New York city.  Amazing!!! He is an amazing , caring, and awesome host. He went above and beyond to make sure I was comfortable! Close to everything, the pictures were accurate to the place. Super cozy and nice. Harel wasnt there to check me in but he made sure everything was smooth which it was. He was very accessible at all times  Harel is great, quick response.  I had to stay over in NYC on a last minute basis and contacted Harel on the early afternoon of the day I was to arrive (for a late night arrival).  Harel replied in under a minute with a positive answer, even though he had not been planning on guests for that night.  I appreciate that he was able to accommodate me at the last minute, even though he had another guest coming in early the next morning.  Thank you!     Harel was very nice and accommodating by letting us Check in very early in the morning and check out late. This was very helpful for our flight times. And saved us the hassle of figuring out what to do with our luggage once we go to town!   The apartment looks as listed. Good location, 2 blocks from the subway.   The place wasnt as clean as I would like. The shower curtain was covered in stains and the walls were dirty and the bed and couch smelled bad. I dont consider myself too much of a clean freak but this wasnt clean enough for me personally.   With that said the place was very affordable and probably the cheapest you can book if you dont mind it not being very clean. Also the couch is very comfortable. I kept falling asleep on it.  Harel was quick to respond to our last minute need for a spot for one of our team members to stay. He facilitated easy access to the apartment and checked in with us.  My stay was amazing all thanks to Harel. Although I had food poisoning from food I ate in the city. Harel was so nice, he made me chicken soup. He was always one call away. Definitely would recommend this place to everyone! From the moment I checked in to the moment checked out nothing but smooth! The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Harel was wonderful! Very accommodating and quick to respond. He even was nice enough to let us stay longer on the day of our departure due to late flight times. The apartment was in a very nice location with easy access to the subway and a grocery store right around the corner. We had a very pleasant stay!  I contacted Harel only a few days before arrival, because my reservation with another host was cancelled. He replied very quickly to my inquiry and allowed my grandma and I to stay at his apartment. I think Harel is a great host, because he was able to make last minute arrangements for my grandma and me and he replied quickly to my text messages when we were already at the apartment. Harels apartment is very clean. The location is close to the subway. My parents spent an awesome week there. Our stay at Harels apartment was very comfortable. He provided fresh sheets and towels, and the apartment was very close to the subway.   Harel was easy to reach if we had any questions.   One thing to note is that the oven doesnt work, which was fine for us as we were eating out most of the time during our first time in NY.  Harel was a great host I met with him and hes a very nice guy the apartment was clean i stayed for 3 days on different occassions fresh towels and clean sheets were always on the bed and everything was clean i would def go back Harels place is clean, quiet, and within walking distance to the train, great restaurants, and Riverbank State Park.  He was very responsive and flexible on the arrival and departure times.  Street parking was never an issue.  We had a great time in NYC and would absolutely stay in this rental again! Was satisfied with the Apt. Everything was as advertised, except maybe there were only 5 cable channels and no ESPN. The apartment was close to the metro which was handy. Harels communication was good but not overly helpful when I was in need of extra bedding equipment (he told me to go and purchase my own extra pillows). The apartment was small but enough for 3 of us. Slightly cluttered which made the place feel kinda dirty, but overall the pricing was the cheapest in NYC.  Owner is a good guy. Host was very helpful and accommodating to us getting in. Apartment was pretty much as advertised. Could be cleaner though. And the sheets on the bed were not adequate. There wasnt even a fitted sheet on the bed. And towels were kind of gross. The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Very helpful and efficient. Great stay Location was close to restaurants And transportation. Could be a bit cleaner. Communication was great. Overall a good stay Great Host! Easy to check in and out. Clean and great spot! 	0
796	Everything went smoothly, felt like a professional hotel!  Highly recommend!  If you are looking for a short-term, low-budget stay near restaurants and bars in Harlem, this could be the place for you. The listing is a true reflection of the space. The sheets seemed like they had not been cleaned (yuck!), as well as other missing amenities i.e. no more toilet paper. It seems like Gio lists the bedroom and then his kind roommate, Wil, is tasked with upkeeping the physical space, it seemed a little unfair. In order to make the experience better for guests, perhaps Wil should be compensated for his services for being an outstanding host when he really doesnt have to be. Overall, the experience was good, nice space, nice neighborhood, and Wil is a nice guy.  El lugar esta muy cerca del metro y de Central Park. El cuarto es perfecto para dos personas. El departamento es muy agradable y cómodo. Hay supermercados cerca y lugares para comer.  Fue excelente toda la estadía. El lugar está muy cerca de la línea metro Cuadrado  Communication was good to begin with, even though Gio wasnt supposed to be there. We have actually met him in person, when finishing to prepare our room, which was great. He nicely let us arrive sooner than expected so that we could put our stuff. The apartment is well-located as indicated (hello Central Park and subway station, interesting neighbourhood) and well-equipped as well. We were told there would be his roommate, who ended being a couple with a baby and theirs needs (very nice family), maybe we could have got this information sooner (which wouldnt have changed our mind anyway). Theres still room for little improvement (cleanliness?), but in NYC, youll hardly get a better quality-price value than this. Thank you for everything, Gio! Need to improve the cleanness and accuracy about the place. Flat very pleasant, beautiful and vert well located !!! We spent à Nice journey in NYC as it us near yo Subway, bus and central Park. Gio answered all our question even though Id like to meet him. The apartmant is charming, location is excellent, Gio is super friendly, but it wasnt clean. Thats the only thing we didnt like. 	0
797	The reservation was canceled 15 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The reservation was canceled 50 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The reservation was canceled 39 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. We stayed at Daniels apartment for 7 days and upon arriving, there was a musty smell, the apt was very dusty, the restroom had hair all over the place and the sheets had hair and stains as well!  I informed our host about the issue immediately and said the cleaning person had cancelled (didnt inform us immediately) and we were suppose to bring our own sheets, according to the listing??? (which was a total lie) His response was very bizarre considering we traveled 3,000 miles away and eventually suggested we can stay somewhere else if we werent comfortable. Of course we werent! Very rude suggestion and It was such an inconvenience taking time out of our trip to stay with the cleaning person the next evening.  Overall, the location was good and had a good birthday week, excluding the fact that the apartment was extremely dirty.  We will never stay at his apartment ever again and he should not make it available if he does not know how to be a great host.  Great location and very accommodating. Even though i didnt need tips on places to go he was willing to help.	0
798	Nice Great space in a beautiful building with a lovely rooftop terrace offering stunning views. Ideal location near food and transportation. I had all the privacy I wanted and would stay there again. Terrible.. Canceled 20 min before ariving after driving 9 hours. This isnt the first time he has done this apparenlty. Needs to get off Airbnb. Cant get my money back for 15 days. First of, Russell was a great, involved host. Very accessible  before and after I arrived. He gave me tips during my stay.  Please note, my review is based on my perspective of this being my first experience with Airbnb and in Brooklyn. Im from the South, where everything is bigger, less crowded, and private. The apartment and room was pretty small but, for a 5-day stay and the asking price, that suited me fine. I was rarely in the (Website hidden by Airbnb) if you just need a small place to lay your head at the end of a  busy day outdoors, this is it. Private  bathroom, private bedroom, shared kitchen (has great, friendly roommates). Place was tidy and smelled great but unfortunately dusty (I wore socks indoors and could tell) and see-through curtains in the bedroom (but these are easily fixable). Great and safe location in Bed-Stuy Brooklyn, I walked everywhere as part of my summer exploration, even up 12am. Apartment had the basic amenities needed (for me anyways). Subway (G) is 10mins away, public Metro bus stand is on the corner....get a refillable MetroCard ! NY was pretty easy to navigate ( (Hidden by Airbnb) map app (Website hidden by Airbnb) tour the cities, boroughs, and water taxi. Personally, I would re-use Russells place for future trips to BK and re-use the Airbnb service for future trips to other applicable locations. The place looks just like photos show. Its a new building and it has an amazing view from the roof. It takes about 30min to get to Manhattan. There is a great pizza on the corner just 2 min. walk. And it is very close to Williamsburg, where there are lots of restaurants and bars. We havent met Russell but it was easy to comunicate. It could be a little more clean but still we totally recommend this place! I loved Russell’s place especially the entire apartment building. Russell made my stay pleasant and provided me all the necessities I needed. Didn’t get to see much of him but he is definitely a great host and would recommend him to other guests.	0
799	Great Townhouse in a great location  Nous avons passé un agréable séjour dans la maison de Swati . Proximité de petits commerces pour les 1ère courses . Le métro est à 10 minutes à pied de la maison . Je recommande vivement aux amis , famille etc mais il faut compter environ 3/4 d heure voir 1h de métro pour se rendre à Manhattan, Times Square, etc .....  Bon rapport qualité/prix !  The host canceled this reservation 47 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. We stayed at this place for 3 nights. The place wasnt as they advertised it and it wasnt fit for 5 adults (there was only a kid bed for the 5th person and no extra mattress). My friend had to sleep on the floor for that.  It wiould be nice to give guests true and complete information about your house before people request for renting. You have to mentioned you can accomodate 4 adults and a kid. You dont have allocated car park (you have to park at the back of the house in front of garage) and if the guest have large SUV they cant park in your spot as they will block other people entrance  You charged money for cleaning so you have to clean your house truely not having used food in your refrigerator. When you mentioned sheets are new and later on we found it dirty ( with a stain in one of them) and not having on the other one we have to look for them, there was no communication before to warn us that you are not supposed to use some items at house ( we rent the entire place and if you dont want us to use things you have to mention it first not requesting money afterwards.  The location of the house is good for people who dont want to check Manhattan every day (30 minutes drive with no traffic and 59 minutes with buses and trains. Nice Lil townhouse to use as a base for exploring NYC. Just note this home is about 30-40 Min Walk+Train to Midtown if thats your destination. Well worth the money. My group loved the place. There is a lot of space for a comfortable environment and everything was very clean. I would highly recommend for anyone who takes a trip to NYC.	0
