0	Jack was a very nice hostr who recieved me perfectly on time. The room is just as described and he had nice informaton on the city, a Macys goft card (which came in handy!) and water, towels, soap etc. The location is ideal and nice walking distance to metro, good bus lines and all you need. Overall a very nice experience! Great host, he made sure we were comfortable and gave us enough privacy. He even help us to find a parking lot :) Jack was wonderful host, providing me with breakfast and Chemex coffee in the morning was much appreciated after several winter storm Jonas-related flight cancellations. Jack was able to accommodate my last minute booking as well, and in general, the entire visit throughout was very pleasant. The room is quiet, clean, and as advertised. Would highly recommend to any upper east side visitors.  Jack is very welcoming and helpful. He provided me with great tea and croissant for breakfast. The room looks exactly the same as it is on the photo. Jack was a great host who was very friendly and accommodating. He even made us coffee and croissants for breakfast. The room was cozy and the bed was comfortable.  I had to stay in the apartment for one day and it was great for that. Jack was very kind and helpful.	0
1	"Matt could not have been a more generous, kind, insightful, helpful, and just all around good guy that I could have ever hoped for. He knows the local neighborhood, Brooklyn in general, as well as all of NYC, which  demonstrated by the accuracy of his descriptions and recommendations which proved time and time again to be spot on. He could not have been easier to get along with and made my stay, which was over one month long, a truly ideal experience of staying in NYC. As a genuinely caring, intellectually and culturally tuned in person, he made my NYC stay, which can in fairness be a little intimidating, helped me to navigate my time there, from where was the closest best place to get dinner,  to understanding the larger NYC experience from someone very knowing from both his time spent in the city, and deepened by his years of work in the literary world. By staying with him you will be rewarded by not only having your own personal tour guide to the exciting, amazing, somewhat overwhelming experience  that is NYC, with the comforting knowledge that you were lucky enough to find yourself in a comforting sanctuary of a truly warm, truly smart, and truly good hearted person who also provided a lovely and charming space in which to live in. He, and the home he provides you with, was for, me the most ideal environment in which to explore the wonderful wild of NYC, knowing that when you returned from your day and night out and about,   you knew that you had a really nice and comforting place to call home while you are in NYC. He made my stay just so nice and helpful, that, though Im sure there are other great Airbnbs there, I can state from my personal experience that whenever I visit NYC, I will, if lucky enough, call this my temporary home. Additionally the fact that the subway was one and a half blocks from his front door was supremely ideal. Stay with Matt Pavino if you want to make the most of your time in New York City! Matts place was great, Id definitely stay there again.  He cleans the towels, sheets, comforters between guests; the living room and bedroom have their own separate AC units; hes inviting and knowledgeable about NYC and the area around the place so always has good recs for anything you want to check out; overall he gives a friendly and welcoming vibe... so that always makes for the best part of an air bnb stay.  I wish I couldve stayed a bit longer and had a chance to get a beer with him.  His place is in a fun but safe and central part of town with great access to the subway for an easy Manhattan commute, really good  neighborhood dining, gourmet grocers, and walking distance to the gardens/museum/park.  I would definitely stay again. Matthew is very nice person and very helpful if you ask for help.  Matt is a great guy who makes you feel at home straight away. The room is very comfy and the location is very convenient, close to the Franklin Ave subway stop, and only a 5 min walk away from the Brooklyn Museum. I would definately recommend Matts place to anyone looking for a place to stay in Brooklyn! This was my first time using Airbnb and I couldnt have has a better experience!  Matthew was a great host, he was there to greet, helpful with directions and ideas of things to do in all area of NY! The room and his place was very clean and comfortable. If you are looking for a great and convenient place to stay in NY his place is it.  He is less than a block away from the 4 train that takes  you straight to key spots like wall Street the Brooklyn Bridge, and grand central station.  If I ever go back the NY I would stay with Matthew. My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights in September 2016. The host Matthew was really friendly and gave us some great recommendations for restaurants, bars and places to visit. The flat is in a great location, less than 2 minutes walk from Franklin Avenue subway with a range of cafes and diners nearby. The room is actually quite a bit smaller than it looks in the photo and two adults with two large cases was quite a tight squeeze. Although in need of a good clean, the flat was comfortable and ideal for a city visit when youre out most of the day. Matthew was often there when we got back late and was always friendly and chatty - he even let us go on the roof terrace which has a distant view of Manhattan. Overall a great stay! Matthew is very nice and friendly person, I was a new in New-York, I was looking for an apartment and Matthew helped me a lot also he gave me suggestions which were so important for me.   Home is really nice comfortable and clean, you feel like you are in your own home. Very nice neighborhood a lot of markets, bars and restaurants, very convenient one minute from subway station (four subway lines 2/3/4/5) which takes 12 minutes to Manhattan.  I really suggest to take an advantage of Matthews home and book. Mathew was very welcoming and accessable.  We were not there alot, but had TV and all kitchen access if needed.   Neighborhood was pretty quiet and many food options. Staying with Matt was great. He was a wonderful and extremely accommodating host. We had a ton of questions about the area and he was a wealth of knowledge! The location was perfect and in a nice part of town. It had great access to restaurants, prospect park, and bars. I would absolutely stay here again.  Matt was an excellent host. He makes you feel comfortable since the very beginning.  His place is clean and nice. The situation is excellent, in a safe area with a live atmosphere, in the same block of the metro station. I will try to come back to his place whenever I come to NYC. Matthews home defined NYC living. His home was well kept, safe and clean. It is conveniently located, providing easy access to anywhere you want to go in the city. Matthew is just a great guy, very friendly and knowledgeable. A stay with Matthew is one you will not regret. Matt was great. Understanding to my late arrival from the UK too. Location is awesome, really good for a chill out and to absorb some of the local community! Matt was very kind and accommodating. The apartment was typical for Brooklyn. He was very good at explaining everything and making us feel comfortable.  Matthew was super friendly and welcoming! He made us feel totally at home in his living room and allowed us free run of his things, such as Roku, books, and his kitchen. The neighborhood is nice - although its somewhat Crown Heights than Prospect Heights, and so a little dumpier - but super convenient to subway, shopping, etc. I only went there after reading other comments about Matthew. But hes even more unique than that. He is kind, generous and super easy to be around.  And he even gave me great feedback that helped me a whole lot.  I could write a lot more, but hopefully the words Ive written make the point.  It could not have been a better experience for me personally. And for anyone interested in American football, especially foreign tourists, hes The expert!! Matthew was a gracious host. His apartment is very, very convenient to the train and a Starbucks.  Matthew was very quick to respond to my messages and very kindly let me check in at 1am since I had a late flight arriving in New York. The room is a good size and really convenient as its only a few minutes walk to the subway station with two lines connecting to Manhattan.  Matthew is a great host. The room was clean and quit. The location is great, really close from bars and restaurants. I would stay there again without hesitation.   Matthew is a great host.   He had every detail ready, making it easy to check in and out.  The room is flooded with light and the bed is comfortable.  He is personally very pleasant and easy to speak with.  So much so,  I invited him to my daughters gallery opening.   The neighborhood is up and coming and full of good restaurants. Street parking is scarse but doable.   Steps up to the apartment  could be a problem if you dont live exercise.   Easy and comfortable place to stay. Matthew is very welcoming and a great host. I had a great time staying at his place. It was clean, quit and comfortable.  Matthew was a great host! He was quick to help me with directions and to get me settled in. He was very friendly and easy to talk to and the place was clean!  Matthew and his place are great for solo or couple travelers. Everything well appointed. Very professional yet friendly.  It would be hard to get a better location too. Id return again.  Matthew was very helpful in talking to my wife and I about the area and with our apartment search. The apartment was very well kept and was in a great location. Great place for the price.  Matthew is very nice and communicative.  The bed is very comfortable and the place is close to bars, restaurant and public transit.  I would stay again. O Matthew foi um excelente Host, me deu dicas dos melhores lugares pra comer, comprar roupas e Veber. Além disso tudo conversávamos bastante sobre a cultura local e como evitar embaraços. AH! Também me emprestou uma jaqueta e uma casaco até que eu comprasse minhas próprias roupas de frio. Voltaria a ficar no apartamento dele sem pensar duas vezes. Tive uma ótima experiência Todo muy bien. Mateo es un buen anfitrión. Se porto muy bien con nosotros. Nos enseñó lugares que conocer. Nos mostró que trenes tomar y el camino. La casa estaba limpia y es cálida y agradable. Brooklyn es muy lindo. Espero poder volver. Tiene el subte cerca y muchos lugares para comer.   Matthews place was the best place Ive ever stayed in AirBnB - had a very clean room, the location of the house especially was super nice!! Very close to the sub, extreme restaurants everywhere around, a lot of groceries, and a very cool and nice host! I would definitely stay at Matthews place in future! Cute place + Amazing location + Incredible Host. Matt is the man. Matthews place is very cute and cozy. A comfy bed with a nice view of the neighborhood and its super close to the subway station. He is a very nice and welcoming guy. I would stay here again.  Matthews place is in a great location, its about a 5 minute walk away from the nearest subway line (which has express trains into manhattan). There are also lots of great restaurants literally around the corner. The apartment is very warm and the bed is very comfortable. Matthew is a real nice guy and offered tips for checking out the neighborhood and other places around the city.  Lappartement a été conforme à lannonce, la chambre était très confortable, il nous avait préparé les serviettes et le savon, mis a disposition sèche cheveux... Matthew était disponible, il a été très arrangeant pour lheure dentrée et de sortie de lappartement. Il nous a conseillé sur les choses à faire à New York... Lextérieur est bruyant la nuit, klaxons etc..mais cest New york, avec les journées de visites que lon faisait nous avons quand même bien dormi ! Et lappartement est très bien placé, juste à coté dune station de métro ! cétait parfait, merci ! Thanks! Matthews place is located in a cool neighbourhood and really close to the subway line so getting around was easy peasy. Amazing place! Has everything you need and walking distance to the MTA. Awesome neighborhood full of cool bars and food! And youre not too far away from the Prospect Park Zoo and Botanical Garden/Brooklyn Museum. Highly recommend! Im a returning guest. What else to say! I love the place, so near from Prospect Park and one minute from the metro station. Matthew is a very nice host. Its always a pleasure talking with him about any topic, and he is always helpful. Thank you, Matt. Ill be back soon! first time in newyork with nice experience Real Brooklyn living Matthews place is great for one or two people. Basic accommodations at a fair price. The apartment was clean, and the bed was so comfortable. I made no plan when I came here, but I had so much good time following the tips Matthew gave me. And Matthew himself is more awesome and cooler than this city.  This is a great, comfy room with lots of light and air flow; bed is comfy and so is the living space. Matt is a great host, super nice and goes out of his way to be hospitable. He is always reachable by text or phone and took his time to explain to me the neighborhood spots and best train routes etc. neighborhood is really surprisingly incredible, lots of super fun bars and Caribbean inspired restaurants and wifi cafes too. I recommend!!! Matt is cool guy. He gave me a lot of advices whats nice to see in NY or where is good to eat. Room and flat is cozy but really nice. Theres AC also. Another big adva Excellent location for groceries, food and subways within 3 minutes.  Nice accomodations and helpful host. Great location. Mattew was very flexilble and helpful. Matthew was a very accommodating host. It was a great value in a cool neighborhood  Matt is an awesome & friendly host, his apartment is very comfortable and in amazing location.  I really enjoyed my stay!  Matthew was such a great host! He gave us so many great tips and ideas what to do and helped us wherever he could. On our last day he let us stay till late in the evening, prepared towels and gave us some last tips how to get to the airport (Website hidden by Airbnb) The Room is small but comfy, the bed is great and there’s even space for storage and cloth. The kitchen is ideal to cook and have breakfast. We cooked very often and enjoyed it. There’s a Dining/living room, very comfy and great to chill and talk.   All in all we had a wonderful stay, a great room and a great host.   Thank you Matthew House needs a total clean up and odor free . Super convenient location very accessible to subways. Matt was a great host and very easy to communicate and coordinate with. Highly recommend this place and would stay again. Great location in Brooklyn, super-convenient for everything, from eating and drinking to transportation and running in the park. Matt is a very helpful host, too. Matthew is an amazing host and a great guy. The room and Matthews apartment was very clean when I checked in and out . He helped me plan my days whilst touring the city and suggested some great places to eat in the area. 10/10 would come back again Matthew was a great host - polite and flexible. The bed was very comfortable, and the room gets great natural light. The shelf/rack was convenient for luggage and hanging clothing. It was nice to be able to use the AC unit for a fan. The rest of the apartment is very much a bachelor pad - not in an old pizza boxes strewn about way, just in decor and feel. I only used the room for sleeping and wifi (which was fast and reliable). I ended up showering at the yoga studio so I cant review the shower. The neighborhood, from the little I saw coming and going, is charming in one direction and sketchy in the other - do your research before wandering around on your own, ladies. Matthew is so the heartwarming and amazing host.He advised how enjoy in Brooklyn. We recommend to Matthews room. Matthew was great! Super flexible ! The location is literally one min walk from the subway station. A lot of good restaurants around. There is a grocery shop just downstairs.  Highly recommend this place !     Also I really enjoyed talking with Matthew ! As it was said already a lot of times here on Airbnb, Matthew was a great host, he gave us practical tips and everything was without any problem. He also let us leave our baggage on the last day in his apartment because we had a flight at night so we could enjoy a full day in the city. Thanks a lot again! Very very nice landlord, very very good room and very very pleasant three nights. Matthew is the first friend after I reached US for the first time. Great thanks for his map, enthusiasm and convenience provided!^_^ Matt was a superb host - right from the prompt communications, accommodating check-in times, navigation to the location, local tips, great information discussions, letting us use his kitchen, etc.  The place was very safe and as mentioned, very accessible via the subway. There are local groceries and nice places to hang out near by.  Only thing to be cautious about is if you are travelling with a lot of luggage. The room was a bit small and the apartment was on the 3rd floor without elevators. So, in case you are travelling with lots of luggage (like we were), it can be inconvenient.  Apart from that, we had a great time and I would rate Matt as a superhost! Matthew was a wonderful host giving us a tour of his space. The area is close to public transit, restaurants and museums. Although, our stay was short we had a comfortable and enjoyable stay. Matthew’s place was great. It was super conveniently located by the subway, clean, and had everything you needed to be comfortable. Matt Was Very nice and helpful with lot of recomendations. House in Brooklyn just one block from subway, nice neighborhood with restaurants, bares, and music. The House has no elevator and flat is on the third floor. Room was small but enough for short period, with window and lots of light, but sometimes noisy at night and early morning cars, garbage trucks... I will recomend to clean the House, unless the restroom as the toilet and shower was dirty, and the room needs also to be clean deaply, under the bed and corners. Bed linen were very nice. We enjoy Brooklyn and NY, Manhattan is around 25-30 minutes by subway. thanks Mat Matthew was an excelent host. He answered all our questions and he helped us with a lot of things. Also he recomended us places to eat. The neighborhood was quiet and safe. There are a lot of shops and is one block from the subway. I recomend this place! Matthews place was the perfect spot for my husband and I. It was in a great location where you could easily walk to Prospect Park and see the Brooklyn Museum and Botanicals Gardens as well as a bunch of restaurants, bars and coffee shops. Matthew gave us great tips on where to check out and we got to try some awesome food around the neighborhood. Very easy to find parking and Matthew was accommodating and quick to respond. Overall a very enjoyable stay and we would stay here again next time we come to Brooklyn! One of the greatest place where I’ve been! Matthew is a great person. Thanx. The place has a great location and Matthew is a wonderful host, we would definitely like to come back. Friendly host, good location, reasonable price! Great hospitality from Matthew, always willing to help, place as described. Although there were noises at night, still, a great experience. Great spot and host. Super close to the subway and local bars Matthew was kind, friendly and super flexible! He was really helpful for everything. My boyfriend forgot his wallet at Matthews house and he mailed it back to us quickly. Would definitely stay here again! Good location, friendly host. Couple issues in terms of cleanliness (bathroom), but nothing that couldnt be easily addressed. The room itself was clean and adequate in terms of space. Didnt really spend much time there except to sleep or make any use of the common areas, so cant really speak to the rest. Matthews apartment is in a great area with lots of restaurants and bars, and is very accessible by subway. Felt pretty safe at all times of day. Matthew was an excellent host and gave us spot on bar recommendations (try the Crown Inn!). The apartment is relatively clean, for the most part, and has a definite ""bachelor lifestyle"" feel. Would stay again! Great Location! Matt gave us so many great tips about where to go, which was incredibly helpful! Great and convenient location in a cool neighborhood. Matt gave us good tips about the city and is a very welcoming host."	1
2	We ended up not staying with David due to unforeseen circumstances while getting into the city, but David was very courteous and understanding of our situation. We very much appreciated it.  David nous a très bien accueilli. La chambre était très confortable et bien équipée. Le quartier est très agréable, au nord de Harlem, et on accède rapidement au sud de Manhattan pas la voie express située non loin de là.   David was a perfect host! He and his flat mates were every friendly and easygoing, I happy we had the chance to chat! The room was very comfy, clean and we had our privacy. I had a very good experience :) recommend! Amazing. Very nice hosts. Glad to met all of you The host canceled this reservation 6 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. David was a wonderful host and we enjoyed the living space and bedroom. David was very welcoming and helpful when we had questions about where we were going and how to get around. The room was welcoming as well, with plenty of space for our belongings. It was also nice to have a computer in the room so we could research places to see. We will definitely return when the opportunity arises. Highly recommend staying with David! Hi to everybody!:) Me and my friend Tanya stayed at Davids Funapartment from April, 18 till May, 2nd. David is a very hospitable and friendly host (and interesting person)! The room is clean, nicely decorated. As a bonus u get a MAC and printer in case u need to print out some guides or vouchers. The greatest feature is the bed - soooo big and soft))) Apartment is close to several subway stations (157 st; 168 st), there is a supermarket and laundry in the same building. We really enjoyed staying there, this is a choice for those who want to feel authentic spirit of the city and and its daily living!  Hope we will back! We found David to be a most charming host. Everything was perfect from collecting the key to be being most helpful with all our questions. We loved our stay in Davids apartment. He was very helpful when we needed advice with stuff like transportation. David was only home the first day of our stay but he was very helpful all the time and responded quickly. His roomates was very kind and helpful too. Also - the wifi works pretty good! Although we didnt meet David, his roommate gave us the keys. The room is big and the bed is super comfortable!! We didnt spend much time on the house, but our stay was very nice. It is 20 minutes by subway from downtown. The area is quite safe during the day, everyone speaks Spanis. El cuarto está bien, con un poco de polvo pero bien. La cama es muy cómoda. Al baño le falta limpieza. No conocimos a David pero siempre nos respondió muy rápido. El timbre de la puerta de entrada no funciona téngalo en cuenta para avisar que están allí de otra forma. Nos dejaron las llaves en el cuarto y la persona que nos abrió nos dijo dónde esta el baño. Es un poco lejos sobre todo para volver en la noche, pero el metro te lleva a todos lados. El vecindario es seguro pese a la primera impresión. Todos hablan español. Muy buena comida Dominicana y a Mexicana por la vuelta Nous recommandons cet hote!  David a ete super sympa et accueillant, malgré notre arrivee a 2h du mat, il etait la pour nous accueillir! Lappartement est grand et la chambre est vraiment accueillante, le lit est tellement confortable que lon se croirait sur un nuage et beaucoup de rangement a disposition (pour les filles cest genial), un mac a dispo et le quartier est paisible, bref un logement a 5-10min du metro qui nous mene en 20 min au centre de Manhattan on ne peut rever mieux.    David is a great host! He was very kind and helpful. Even though we arrived at his place around 2am he was there to welcome us. The flat is very cosy. The room is perfect and the bed is so cumfortable that youll have the feeling to sleep on a cloud! Lots of space for our stuffs (great for girls!)  Washington heights is very quiet and about 5/10 min from the subway which takes you to manhattan in 20min : we coudnt hope better for our first time in NYC. David es super amable y la casa super tranquila.  La cama es muy cómoda y la ubicación esta a 25 min de downtown en metro.  La recomiendo I had a very pleasant stay at Davids place. The room was big and clean and everything was fine with my stay. Davids apartment is located in a really interesting area of Uptown Manhattan and is conveniently located a few blocks from the 1,2,3 trains. Definitely a comfy bed. I felt at home at Davids place. David is a nice and reliable host! Great location. Walkable to the 1 and A train (under 10 mins). Comfortable bed and spacious room. Close to local restaurants/grocery etc. Easy access to public transportation. David was kind enough to wait for us even though we arrived at midnight.  The host canceled this reservation 29 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Ottima qualità prezzo posizione buona vicino alla metro x raggiungere in breve il centro anche se il quartiere non è il massimo. Le foto corrispondono alla realtà camera spaziosa e letto comodissimo, unica nota dolente il bagno molto sporco e decadente a livello di sanitari  This was the perfect place for my sister and I do enjoy New York and to sightsee. David was a gracious host, he was happy to answer any questions we had. Overall it was a great experience! Perfect location in Upper Manhattan close to metro station (157th Street) on Red Train Line 1.  House is very artistic and living room is cozy.  Bathroom is kept really clean.  Bed was comfy and heat in the apartment was great.  We had a really good stay.  David was vriendelijk en gastvrij, we konden eerder dan de inchecktijd langskomen om onze koffers te brengen. Uiteindelijk had David de kamer ook al eerder voor ons klaargemaakt.  Het is een gezellig huis in een veilige straat. Alles in het huis was schoon en netjes.  Zeker aan te raden! David was a great host! He was very welcoming and was quick to respond to any questions we had. The room felt like home and it was tough to leave! The neighborhood was lively and had a nice grocery store only a few blocks away. We (2 persons) walked through the neighborhood on multiple occasions during the hours of 11pm-2am and did not feel unsafe. I would strongly recommend staying with David!	1
3	Mirit is great and easy to communicate with. Her place was perfect for our visit to see family in the area. The bed and pillows are fantastic. Parking was very convenient.  The apartment was a bit hot and the upstairs neighbors were noisy but overall it was great stay.  Overall she is very nice and really tried to accompany me with every question I had wish I really appreciated. However some of the pictures she has to alter then because the couch doesnt look like the couch in the picture because theirs stains on them. She keeps all her personal clothes , undergarments and shoes inside her dressers and closets which I really didnt approve because it didnt make me get the feeling like Im in new place ? Felt more like she was living there , really didnt like that aspect  of the place but it was a very good size and the tv is very sharp and easy to work with.  Had a great time renting with Mirit. She responded very quickly and was very accommodating with last minute questions and requests. I would rent this place again.   A air conditioner or fan would have been nice. Overall, great place to stay in a quiet neighborhood close from both JFK and La Guardia airports.  This place rocks. Excellent location. Very close to Main St. which is where there are some restaurants and a few boutique stores. I was working in the city and my wife very much enjoyed the area.  Mirit is a great hostess with quick responses, very clean place, well-heated. We are orthodox Jews and the location was perfect for our needs. Nice neighborhood as well.  Total 5-star recommendation. Mirit was friendly and responsive.  Good location and roomy (for NYC) apt.  Dedicated parking space was a nice convenience.  There were a few minor glitches that I believe Mirit will be addressing.	0
4	"Perfect, everything was in order from the moment I arrived, I was provided with everything that I needed. More than that Susan was very friendly and  helpful and I enjoyed spending some time with her, all in all it was more than I expected and If I go to New York again il definitely be staying here.  Susan is a very good host very easily to communicate, her apartment is very comfortable and lots of beautiful paintings. The neighborhood has lots of good restaurant an Susan gave us some good recommendations, and the location is also near to subway and buses, nice apartment and nice host.  Susan pretty much saved our trip to New York. We had originally tried to book with someone else and 9 hours before our train left, we still hadnt heard from the original host. We contacted Susan and she got back to us in a really short time. Susan met us at the apartment, showed us the bedroom (with balcony) and settled us down with a glass of wine and good conversation. Susan was friendly, helpful and accommodating. Susan was very accommodating, as my flight was delayed a day due to weather issues flying into NY.  The location is great -- Upper East side, close to great restaurants and Central Park.  I needed a bed for a couple of nights before my family arrived in town, so this was perfect.     Great apartment in a quiet neighborhood with a gracious host.    Beautiful private balcony. (Very) Comfortable bed.    Will definitely consider using again in the future. I had an amazing long weekend in NY even if i was traveling alone thanks to Suzan. I had a warm welcome at home with a glass of wine then Susan helped me set the plan for 3 days over the most interesting places in the city. Thanks so much Susan for making my stay a memorable one and I will for sure come back again. Susan was an awesome host, super funny and made you feel comfortable right away. The neighborhood is perfect, tons of restaurants, safe to walk around in the day and night, close to the subway, and overall everything I was looking for in this NY trip & would not hesitate to stay there again. (:  Susan was a super host, warm and welcoming. In the city for a meeting, staying at her place worked out really well. A great balcony, a great conversation and comfortable bed - all is as described.  We were in dire need of a last minute place to stay and Susan quickly accepted our reservation through instant book. Greeting us with a glass of wine was a nice touch, and it was nice sharing travel stories! Susan Boujnah is a wonderfully interesting and friendly person.  Her apartment is quaint and spacious despite in smallness.  The penthouse bedroom is airy with a divine mattress.  Lots of light and the private patio is another ++ addition.  The location is good to public transportation and there are lots of places to eat. Susan est une jeune femme très chaleureuse, joyeuse et sympathique.  Lappartement est très bien situé dans un quartier très agréable. Nous avons aimé la terrasse à notre disposition. Très bons souvenirs de notre séjour. Great location,  For the First Timer in NYC everywhere we wanted to go was either a subway or a nice long walk distance to us. Susans place was safe, clean and cozy. Enjoyed being there a lot!  The perfect place to stay at to discover New York and have a cozy retreat. The moment you step into Susans apartment, it immediately feels like a home away from home. Susan is so nice and accommodating, she also has some great tips for spots nearby to check out (go to ""The Auction House"" for a nice bar experience). The bedroom and bed are very comfortable. Also, the balcony and its view a a big plus. Will definitely stay here again for my next NYC visit!    The area is really good to.o The subway station is just a few blocks away on 86th Street/Lexington. Also, 86th Street offers many choices for shopping, including groceries. That came in very handy. The apartment of Susan is very good located surrounde by a quite neighborhood. It is very easy to reace via the subway and a 5min walk. It has a nice balkony and is very clean. Susan is very helpfully and kind. She gave us a lot of recommendations for eating. All in all everything went fine and I would go there again :) - Susan! Muchas Gracias por mi estadia en tu departamento! Siempre estuvo atenta a lo que me hiciera falta. El departamento es muy comodo en el último piso del edificio. El lugar es como se ve en las fotos.   El barrio es seguro y cercano a varios medios de trasporte para moverse por NY.  Recomiendo a Susan al 100% Pase 10 dias maravillosos en NY! Gracias!   - Susan! Thank you for my stay in your apartment! He was always attentive to what do I need. The apartment is very comfortable on the top floor of the building. The place is as seen in the photos.   The neighborhood is safe and close to different means of transport to get around NY. Susan I recommend 100%. I spent 10 wonderful days here in NY! Thank you! gave specific directions and information about getting into apartment and leaving Susan è una host molto gentile e mi ha fatto sentire subito a casa. La posizione dellappartamento é molto comoda per girare Manhattan e lappartamento è come descritto nellannuncio. Ve lo consiglio!  Susan was really nice. She has great vibes, very warming, and loving. I came to NYC for my friend spring break and my week in the city was a living nightmare. My friend put me out of his apartment out of jealousy and I was hotel hopping- spending crazy amounts of money (Easter weekend) -- A friend recommended that I shouldnt use AIRBNB in NYC because it was sketchy, but I never listened and I thought I was getting a really sweet deal. $216 for two nights- Penthouse in the Upper East Side- better than paying $350 a night in a hotel. -- Susan had to run some errands and allowed me to check in early which was great- but once I stepped into the apartment I was disappointed. It didnt look like the photos at all. In the pics it looks extremely clean, white, spacious, etc-- there was laundry in the common room- all over the place- photography supplies everywhere (papers, lap top, etc) -- didnt feel like I could chill and watch tv to relax and meditate, collect my thoughts. I couldnt figure out how to use the tv/cable, and it was extremely cold. I felt like I was invading someone space. The bed was reallllllly high to the ceiling - and I had only one flat a** pillow. Now, I dont expect hotel service and for someone to bow down to my every needs, but if youre going to list your space for $200- i expect for you to deliver and make it feel welcoming. The restroom had used towels on the shower rod.. i was over it... I contacted airbnb and they helped me out-- Im really not one to complain... but I wasnt sleeping in that mess.. I was already upset about the damn trip and now Im gotta deal with being cold, one pillow, uncomfortable high bed, and looking at filing cabinets in the bed room... no tv upstairs... first time using the service and i was disappointed. This is me being 1000% honest. No anger involved. She was very nice, I respect her... and her hustle using airbnb for some quick cash.. but deliver Susan....  3 I left the key on the table and checked into another expensive hotel in SoHo. Susan was a great host and very flexible. I had booked to fast, and realized thar i woyld need a bit more space as I had a lot of work in the evenings. She was cool and let med change the dates. Great balcony and Great location. Susans place was terrific. Everything, both the room and bathroom were very clean with a super comfy bed. And Susans really sweet and also chill! Will tell you as much as youd like to know about the neighborhood but can also be invisible and out of your way. Would def recommend.  Susan was great host, very friendly and helpful. The neighbourhood is quiete, has lots of places to eat out (Thanks Susan for your recommendations), is close to public transport and also to the East River with a nice promenade. I had a very good time at Susans and would come back anytime! Eveline "	1
5	"I was incredibly excited to stay in Brooklyn and in this semi remodeled home. Unfortunately I had an occurrence that in many ways put a damper on my trip. The cleaning crew came a full day early, due to there own mistake. However it felt like a grotesque intrusion. According to the house rules guest are asked not to wear shoes, for me and my friend this was not an issue because I do not wear them in my own home. Needless to say, no door bell or knock just waltzs in the cleaning guy, mind you several pairs of shoes at the door, but proceeds anyway. Goes into the kitchen where my coat and phone and wallet are there begins cleanings..now most rational people would assume someone is still here. Mind you proceeds up the stairs where I am walking out of the shower and I meet the cleaning man face to face in the nude. Ok so of course I am startled, he stands there and continues to ask me questions...and i assume would leave there after. I think the appropriate thing would be have been to exit while saying I am terribly sorry. Instead I was given an apology and down the stairs he goes...but it gets better I have to put clothes on because a couple of minutes later I hear his voice in the living room. The cleaning guy is having a conversation about check out I assume his (Website hidden by Airbnb) I have to go downstairs and ask him to leave. To me he should not have gotten past the shoes at the front before he questioned but not only did I experience a violation of privacy, this man wasnt clear on social skills as I feel he should have been gone?! Granted this is not a direct fault of Corey, but in the end he hired them so fault is in his hands. I did not appreciate the the way the ordeal was handled in the end. On the positive side the house is basically as described. However the shower pressure in one of the bathrooms is nearly non existent so the rainfall shower is not really a feature. The pressure in the other bathroom is bad but acceptable. The furnishings could use a sprucing up or taken out of the home. The beds however appear new and super clean with fresh towels and linens. The neighborhood is Brooklyn so a little gritty but wonderful places to eat and a little corner store to pick up water etc at the end of the block. Not some place I would ever stay again, but in time the skills of Corey dealing with his guests should improve.   The house is as it appears in the photos.  We really loved the house and its brightness and cleanliness plus the distinct and comfortable styling of the downstairs lounge and dining. It is well equipped in the new kitchen plus lots of extra towels for the 2 bathrooms.    We were 2 adults and 2 boys 17 and 12 and there was plenty of space for all of us.    The area is changing area and we were after this rather than a fully gentrified Brooklyn.  We felt we had the balance of both. Good coffee nearby - we loved Zakar.  Bar Lunatico 486 Halsey St had great live music and cosy bustling atmosphere. Opposite this Ma and Pas for great affordable soul food.  plus much more around.  The walk to the J or the A and C lines is equally of around 10 to 15 plus a pleasant walk. The A has express services so you can be on Manhattan in 20 or so. I love the J line as it as an above road line through Brooklyn.       The house is better than the pictures - great space and decor, it is definitely worth staying here. Corey is very responsive and was very flexible with our last minute reservation. The place is rich in details and houseware: from kitchen stuff to linens and towels - there is plenty of everything. We cooked dinner on the first night and were delighted with the quality of kitchen utensils. A plus is the easy of parking your car for free on the street - we had a car and could park it all the time without any problem. Some things to consider before booking it: the neighborhood is a little far from everything but it is easy to access it, it only takes more time. Also, taking a shower is a little challenging because of the water pressure. Other than that, it was a great experience. I would stay there again.  Beautiful, spacious home. It was a very comfortable stay. About a 10-12 minute walk to the closest metro station.  This flat looks just like it does in the pictures.  We enjoyed the worldly, restorative decor.  The host always replied within an hour of each of our many inquiries, which is greatly appreciated!  My only dislike is the rain showerhead - I prefer more water pressure.      Corey is a great host, always reply me in one hour. Even though we have a little inconformity, he is still being gentle and polite, very great host!    For the place, check in is pretty easy and smooth. The space is pretty large for New York City area, more than enough for 3 adult and a 2 years old baby, it was roomy and brightness, the heater is heavy duty, it was nice and warm inside even it was raining out there. Overall, highly recommended! Assets: - pictures are exactly like the flat - passcode to get into the flat is very convenient - great kitchen and accessories  - good furniture  - great style and aesthetic  - a lot of space- large flat - walking distance from several subway lines - close to delis / corner stores  - quiet and safe neighbourhood  Suggestions for improvement / cons: - not enough blankets to accommodate 6 people. It is important to note that there are two bedrooms upstairs, each with a queen bed and a single bed / couch - so three people total to a room. The single bed / couch does not have linens on it but we found several sheets and 2 extra pillows in the closet. However, there was only one extra blanket in the closets, and to be honest, it was an old quilt on its last legs. I put it in a duvet cover and it was ok. The big problem was that there was no second blanket for the second single bed / couch so one person used sheets and empty duvet covers as a blanket. This urgently needs to be resolved.   - bad shower situation. The construction of the two showers is gorgeous but they are not functional. One shower did not work the entire time we were there. The other shower - both are ""rain fall"" style - had zero water pressure. With six people staying in the flat, only one shower, 4 women with long hair trying to rinse shampoo out, it took forever and was annoying.   - need to install coat hooks at front door, towel racks in bathrooms, and toilet paper hooks (there are NONE). A small inconvenience but wet towels draped everywhere and TP rolls piled up makes the flat look messy and unfinished.   - please leave instructions on how to use the heat.   - please leave instructions on how to get rid of garbage and recycling and include a bin for recycling.   - the floors are very creaky. Not a problem for us, but when considering the neighbors, it might make it quieter to add a runner for the stairs. We once heard some strange banging on the wall when we were there and I can only imagine it was because the neighbours were annoyed. Also, rugs on the stairs and upstairs would make the place more cozy.   - no access to the backyard. This would be great!  - not TONS of good restaurants in walking distance. It was fine for us because we had plans to explore, but be expected to travel.   -   Nice place! Coreys place is so beautiful and located in the wonderful Bed Stuy neighborhood of Brooklyn. Corey is an excellent host, very responsive and easy to communicate with. Highly recommend this place! La casa de Corey es bonita pero está descuidada y sucia. ( suelo, alfombras, sofás.. ventanas que no funcionan y no pueden abrirse..) Se necesitan hacer muchas mejoras! Las dos camas individuales no son camas, son sofás y no son aptos para dormir. Por lo que la casa debería anunciarse para 4 invitados y no 6.  En los dos baños las duchas tiene muy muy poca presión,  en una de ellas es muy difícil tomar una ducha. Está situada en un barrio agradable cerca de dos líneas de metro. Una casa en la que no nos volveríamos a alojar, aunque con un poco de limpieza y algunos arreglos podría mejorar mucho.  This town house was brilliant. Such a great amount of space. The décor, furniture and furnishings made for a very special few days. 3 issues, which are reflected in previous views are that 1 shower is just a dribble, so you really only have one shower for all guests. Theres nowhere to hand towels to dry them. we had very warm weather so they dried quickly out of the windows.The other issue was that the aircon units were so loud we couldnt use them - we opted for opening windows for airflow but its hard to keep them open without a chopping board as a prop. Despite these bug bears, I would stay here again and is a wonderful place to call home while visiting NY. Thanks :) I was really looking forward to staying in Coreys home in Bed-Stuy, but encountered several issues during my trip.  3 days before my trip was scheduled to begin, I politely asked basic questions about check-in procedures, including a) how do I check in and enter the home and b) would it be possible for other members of my party to check in earlier than 3 without my being there. Corey answered ""no"" to the early check-in, which was totally fine, but ignored my other questions. I sent him two more messages inquiring about how to get in the home in the days leading up to my trip and on the day of. Check-in time came and went, so we tried to call and he did not answer. We called him and he didnt answer but sent a text back saying ""the code is ____"" at 5pm, 2 hours after the stated time. Luckily, my fiance was in town for a conference and had a hotel room, otherwise we would have been roaming the streets with our luggage and no plan or place to stay.  In addition to communication issues, we experienced a few other problems that demand attention:  The house manual clearly states that central air conditioning is provided. This proved not to be the case, only one window unit in a bedroom.  As described in other reviews, the showers have very poor water pressure. In fact, a knob fell off the tap as one of us was showering.  Finally, there was a sheet of drywall blocking a doorway to a room in the basement. There was another occupant in the home, and a man lived in the bottom. This apparently connected to his room.   It seemed to me and the other guests that the owner of the Airbnb does not live there. We werent rambunctious during our stay, but we felt terrible for the bottom tenant who must deal with frequent guests on the top floor.   I have had nothing but positive experiences with Airbnb until now. I hope that Corey takes these suggestions about communication as well those of other reviewers to heart. If he does, Im sure the property will be a lovely place to stay. We were 5 adults staying in this space and we loved it! The decor is amazing and it was so roomy. We enjoyed having the 2.5 bathrooms, although the water pressure could be a bit spotty in the main bath and the glass door was a bit awkward. The beds were super comfortable and the air conditioning was such a blessing in the +30 Celsius heat. The A/C subway line got us everywhere we needed to go and was a pleasant 10 min walk from the apartment with cute coffee shops and restaurants along the way. It was a bit of a trip to some parts of Manhattan but the subway rides were such an adventure that we didnt mind at all! It was still missing some of items others had mentioned in their reviews, ie, towel racks, toilet paper holder, an iron, but hopefully those will be added soon. Overall, we enjoyed our stay a lot! It was a beautiful place to kick up our tired feet.  Coreys house is nice, clean and very spacious. Very interesting and cool bathroom designs :). We had a great time staying in the appartement. The place is spacious and has good atmosphere. It is right in a normal neighbourhood, so you feel like a real New Yorker. With two subway stations nearby, you are downtown in approx. 40 minutes. Service was fine, Corey has been quick in responding to our questions. La casa no es lo que parece, le falta limpieza y una gran reforma por todos los lados. Falta presión en duchas, los suelos crujen, una de las camas se inclina hacia un lado. Lo bueno es que La Cocina de gas es estupenda y los baños con algunos detalles que les faltan, también estarían muy bien. Si Corey se lo propone podría tener una casa con mucho encanto This was the first night of our east coast trip, and it didnt go the way we wouldve liked it to. To start off, the host wasnt reachable all day and we werent sure on what the check in procedure would be. He wasnt responsive via messages either. Luckily he answered our call just as we reached the house and told me what to do.  The main issue with the house was that the pictures made it look a lot nicer than it was in person. The location of the house wasnt right either. When I looked at the location before booking it, it showed the spot close to Brooklyn heights  But the house as such was deep inside Brooklyn. There were no fans nor an AC in the house, and staying there in the heat was impossible. Its unfortunate that our journey started off in that fashion, and we left the place then itself and checked into a hotel. Maybe our expectations for the place were too high, but we just werent happy with the place. All our past encounters with Airbnb has been wonderful and maybe we just expecting this to be in the same lines, but unfortunately wasnt. Even to locate the house was not easy as the door number was faded.  Les photos ne permettent pas de se rendre compte du mauvais entretien de lappartement et des meubles. Les pièces sont en réalité beaucoup plus petites et moins lumineuses. Great home very welcoming and warm.  The unique art work in the house was awesome.  Would definitely stay again and recommend it to future guest. Large and very charming house on a beautiful and quiet lower middle class Brooklyn Street.  We had everything we needed in that place. The renovations that have been made in the house are actually upscale. We did get one important deterrent. When we arrived around 7h00 pm., the house was left exactly the way the last guest had left it.  We made up and cleaned up beds and bathrooms with linen we had in our luggage and some clean linen found in the house.  We did not have a washer and dryer in the house. This would have been useful. Besides that, everything was really just great. Great place and Corey was easy to contact. The host canceled this reservation 25 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Corey was a pretty good host. There were a few lags in communication during my stay at the location. Prior to confirming my reservation, I asked Corey if he had resolved the issues that were mentioned in previous reviews and he said yes. Those issues was the water pressure and air conditioning. Unfortunately, maybe because the house is on the older side, those issues were not.   The air conditioning unit is located only in one of the rooms in the house. We were fortunate enough to not have a hot week during our stay in NYC, but had it been 10-15 degrees hotter, it would have been difficult to stay comfortable in the house.   The water pressure in one of the bathroom showers was pretty much non-existent and in the 2nd shower where it ""worked"", it was sufficient. I messaged Corey to see if he would have a maintenance guy to come fix the issue and after about 1 day delay, Corey said he was unable to get a hold of him. Corey did refund me 1 nights stay for the inconvenience and I was extremely grateful for his gesture.  There were a few other little things when it comes to maintenance of the property that I think Corey could take care of that would make this a 5-star location, but it was hard to do so despite all the issues.  The location was amazing, 10min walk to the A/C trains. The Halsey Traders Market grocery store was awesome and a 5min walk from the house. So we stocked up on food in the fridge for the week. A decent amount of restaurant options within walking distance again, ranging from vegetarian to soul food options.  The property was very clean, large windows and was beautiful. Given that it was built in 1899, it shows it age in some areas, but you can tell Corey has been putting work into the home to refresh it.   Would I stay there again? Possibly. But if youre looking for a large home and have less than a 20min ride on the train into lower Manhattan, then this is the place for you. The house is very beautiful and the thematic of the decoration is very cool, but they could improve some things to make it better, also give maintenance to the house so it doesn’t look old and unattending. The house was clean but we found some cockroaches. The pressure of the second bathroom is very low, so is very difficult to take a nice shower, also the door of the little bathroom downstairs is stuck. They provide us with an extra mattress, and enough clean towels. Coreys place is well located in a quiet neighbourhood. The house is spacious. too bad that the garden is not well kept. The white floor is a bit stained which gives idea that it is dirty but it is not. there is not much water pression in the shower so dont be in a hurry if you want to wash yourself. Besides that, we had good communications with corey and he responded properly to all our need so i will recommand his place without any problem but as i said before, people obsesed by cleaning and total confort, not for you 100% ;-)  Thank you for having us ! Le logement est grand et bien éclairé et se trouve dans un quartier intéressant. La décoration (thème africain) est réussie. Malheureusement, le logement nest pas très propre (canapés défraîchis et sales),  on trouve beaucoup de poussière et parfois des détritus (entre la fenêtre et le comptoir de cuisine - cest un endroit presque inaccessible) et nous avons aperçu quelques cafards. Certaines fenêtres ne se verrouillent pas ou souvrent et se ferment difficilement. Je crois quil y aurait un sérieux coup de barre à donner de la part de Corey pour redresser la situation. Had a great stay. Host took a couple messages to respond but was friendly and helpful when reached.  The host canceled this reservation 28 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Corey was an amazing host! I absolutely loved his place and the decor! I appreciated his willingness to let my friends and I check in early. I would certainly stay here again if I bring a group of friends back to Brooklyn!"	0
6	"First the Good: The Bowery House is about 2 blocks or 5 minute walk from Whole Foods Bowery location and also about the same from the ""F"" line subway station. It is located in a part of town that caters to stores that sell restaurant equipment and supplies (stoves, sinks, chairs, etc...) and also to some art museums and galleries. The Bowery House is reasonably easy to find and quite clean inside including the bathrooms. The receptionist / front desk staff are really nice, hip and friendly. Also for cost it was approximately $50 per night including AirBnBs surcharge. The B.H. offers linens, a real bed, complementary earplugs and 1 set of towels. Now the Bad. Super noisy!! The Bowery House sits above a restaurant and bar. The music and noise definitely come up through the floor into the 2nd floor dormitory. Also, the ""cabins"" are really a series of about 40 or more closets that are open to a common ceiling but has some type of garden wooden trellis that sort of covers the ""ceiling"" of the closet. Its like sleeping in a very, very, very tiny office cubicle..with very thin partitions between you and your neighbors to the right and left of you. I could hear every snore, grunt, pant, fart, belch, etc...and the music and noise from the bar and restaurant below....well, the earplugs are a necessity!! Also, each ""cabin"" has its own light / lamp. With no ceiling, the light from one cabin illuminates into the adjacent cabins, so no real darkness in which to sleep. I had to use the hand towel as a blindfold to block out the light. The ""cabins"" are about 58"" deep, making the bed / mattress about 56"" long. So if you are over 56"" in height, you will have to sleep in the fetal position because there is no way to stretch out. I am 5 foot 9 inch and I had to contort myself all night long and combined with the lights from my neighbors and the steady noise, I got almost no sleep two nights in a row. Maybe the rooms are the right size for a Hobbit. I also think there are not nearly enough bathrooms / toilets available per floor. One toilet for an entire floor of 40 plus cabins (second floor). I found myself having to climb to the third floor to find an available toilet. The Bowery House is much more like a hostel, in most hostels its dormitories with bunk beds. The B.H. at least has partitions (cabins) with doors that can be locked so there is more privacy and security. The B.H. is also a lot like a flop house which I think is what it originally was used as decades ago. It still has that feel and it actually has a few residents that live there permanently in those tiny closets...but I guess thats what $1500 a month gets you living in prime territory SoHo Manhattan. For future visitors to... The cabin is small but clean. The bathroom shower room is also clean. Most importantly, it located in downtown near subway. Nice place for short stay in downtown NYC. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Space was just as described, tiny cabins with little privacy. A good place for single travelers just looking for a place to crash. The showers and bathrooms are very clean and modern. Host upgraded me to a bigger room without additional charge. Tried to place me in a more private area upon request. The room was spacious, quiet, and very clean. It was perfect for short stay and its located in the center to all the touristy places. All the people at the front desk and door were friendly and helpful. Actually, i didnt come but i said that before and maintained my reservation as well. They were very understandfull.  Thanks. This was a great place, located in the heart of near NoLiTa. Everything was within walkable reach and the hosts were thoughtful, helpful and accommodating. This is a great place to lodge for the downtown location and the comfort of privacy in NYC brings :):) The Bowery House is great for price, location, staff very friendly. Its not the biggest room - Im 510 and just fit - but loved being in the middle of NYC for a night, for $100! Would stay again... It was great This hotel is great. Just know that on the main floor, there is maybe 50 cabines and only 1 toilet and 2 shower. So if you like privacy, take that into consideration.    Otherwise the staff is very nice, and here 24/7. Cabines are clean. Definetely a must go if youre looking for cheap but clean and reliable place to sleep in NYC. The Bowery made for an easy, comfortable stay. I most liked the proximity to SoHo and East Village destinations. The room was small, but clean. Towels and ear plugs were provided. Im 58"" and I fit on the bed comfortably. If I were a few inches taller, maybe not. The lobbies (main and my floor) were retro-cool and clean. Other guests kept to themselves. The mens room was limited, with two showers, but I never saw a line. For a single, small-medium-sized person whos not going to spend much time here, this is a good bet. Id stay again. Its a very small cabin with no windows and no sound isolation. A toilet and a shower is one to 50 cabins and not very clean. The rest is ok for this price.   The place was super cute and in an awesome SoHo location! The staff was super super super friendly as I can say I made at least one new friend. The cabins were just what I needed for my short stay.  It is what it is. Fairly cheap and nice location.  having a key to lock your ""room"" is great. Also the wi-fi is VERY fast. However, your experience there can vary wildly depending on the other people staying on the same floor. Good choice if you just need somewhere to sleep for one night and have no other options. Solid place but I wish specifics of the cabin set up and check in were more clear prior to arrival Straightforward small cabin perfect for  a 1 night stay It did the job. I stayed for one night, its a great deal in terms of price/location. Upon reaching the Bowery House, which is discreetly nestled by a bar, I went upstairs and was politely told to go to the second floor check-in desk, which is also the floor with the female showers. I arrived several hours before check in and the staff politely greeted me, allowed me to check my bags, gave me two great maps, explained the maps (major plus) and were over all very pleasant. Due to the conference I attended I only returned around 5pm or so, and was checked in formally without question by a different attendee who was equally nice and offered to put me in a larger cabin on the first level due to 1) My height and 2) He was deeply troubled by my difficulty breathing after going up the stairs. It was very kind of him. The staff overall is excellent. I checked for bed bugs and found none before unwinding.    The problem with Bowery House is this, at over 6 feet tall the rooms are incredibly small and in for average people the rooms are still incredibly small. I actually could not physically lay down completely and ended up in the fetal position all night. I expected this reading the other reviews, but it is quite another thing to actually have to cope with it. I had two horrible cramps that night as a result of this limitation. As a result I would not recommend more than one or maybe two nights for taller people. One terribly gross thing was I stepped on a toe nail clipping that was not from me. A. Large. Toe nail clipping. Yuck. But otherwise it was rather clean. I did wipe the room down with Lysol. The rooms have open trellis ceilings so you can hear every door open and close. However, noise isnt necessarily an issue if you use the ear plugs they provide(also complimentary water which was excellent). Another minor thing is their showers have a down spout from the ceiling, which as a woman of color with kinky curly hair was difficult to manage with how small the showers are. I really couldnt shower comfortably without getting my hair wet, which is very different for my hair type than people with straighter hair. Despite that the bathrooms are modern and clean, which is often hard to find. Before check out I overheard two of my neighbors talking with someone who recently checked in, and they described a ""animal"" in their bed (in their incredibly cute German accents). I did not see bugs or ""animals"" myself, but this is something to be aware of.     Overall if you need a quick place to stay and dont plan to spend a lot of down time in where youre staying this is the best value for your dollar with an all around attentive staff. This is a hostel for those passing through who want to be in a trendy neighborhood with plenty surrounding them.  Suited my needs perfectly and is very convenient at a suitable price. The rooms are very small, probably smaller than you are imagining from looking at the photos. This is fine if you are just looking for a place to sleep and will be spending your days out in the city, but not if you are looking to spend any significant sort of time in your room. Also be prepared for hearing snoring and noise from others staying in adjacent cabins, as the cabin ceilings are open.    Overall, it fit my needs and I would stay again if I were attending another conference in Manhattan. Its a nice place to crash but whit a few problems whit bugs there. Great location and great price.  Comfortable and cheap. Recommended. great option if youre looking for a cheap place to stay in lower Manhattan for a night. If you are needing a room close to NYU and Manhattan this is a great location.  I enjoyed my visit and the staff was helpful.   This is more of a hostel than a typical Airbnb great little SRO style room. A place to sleep. Tall guests beware. The cabins are about 6 feet long and 4 feet wide. I am 65"" and it was very uncomfortable to sleep. Also the rooms have open ceilings allowing for minimal privacy.  Very small, definitely an ""experience"" They cancelled on me and I had to wait for a refund. They shouldnt sell rooms they dont have. Buyer beware cheap but noisy May be I didnt read the description well enough or looked at the pictures too fast but I wasnt expecting to be in such a small space. There are probably over 50 cabins per floor and no roof for each cabin. So as long as youre not expecting a ""room"" youll be fine. The staff was very nice and extremely helpful. And the rooftop is amazing. The bathrooms are clean. For the price, this place and location is fantastic! It’s like a hostel, so other guests will be travelers from around the country and world.   If you imagine hostels from Europe, that’s how this place is, BUT you get your own privacy in your room. With that being said, the room is very cozy, fitting only your bed and a small side desk. The room is also in a bigger room, so when other reviewers say there’s no ceiling, that’s because there isn’t a ceiling to your private suite since everyone is technically sharing that room. Also, it’s is extremely important to keep quiet in the suite, including always using headphones, not playing anything out loud, and ensuring that no alarms are set ( they offer a wake up call option if you like). Overall the rooms were great, I would only recommend to bring your own mirror.  Aside from the room, the service is great! They have a friendly staff and concierge 24/7 that actually wants to help :) The location is in Nolita, and theres a lot of tasty places to eat, museums across the street, and walking distance from a lot of  commonly used bus stops. If you’re on a low budget, are pretty low maintainence / laid back, then this place is for you! you should not be taller than 1.75 cm Amazing location and value. Staff are really friendly. The common space has character and is super chill. The rooms are really tiny but fine if you don’t plan on staying in your room the whole trip ;)"	0
7	First and foremost, I would like to say that by no means am I exaggerating. I first arrived to Adetutu’s place on time, and came up to the apartment, and didnt know what apartment she lived in because it did not say on the Itinerary. Once I figured out her apartment, I was greeted by Adetutu and a list of things of the apartment. One thing that struck me odd was her comment on the apartment being dusty. Now I had no clue that the apt. Was actually VERY dusty and untidy, as I have severe allergies to dust. The first three days I was coughing and sneezing from the dust left everywhere. Granted she gave us new towels and new water bottles, everything seemed fine as she described the apt. So for the next three days of my five day stay, I had to clean the dust from each room and clean the bathroom with bleach. There was barely any toilet paper for us and one paper towel roll set out for us to use, and no plunger. As I used the paper towel, the entire week I bought my own along with any other food and utensils I needed. I only used three toilet paper rolls of hers, which I assumed she let us have because she told me “feel free to use anything in the house.” While I left, I wrote her a nice letter explaining that we used some toilet paper and one paper towel and I had left her 10$ on top of the $392 that I paid for our stay, in order for her to pay for the toilet paper. Now the climax is when I told Adetutu that I had used bleach to clean the toilet because it clogged and she had NO plunger, and I had to knock on one of her neighbor’s door at 11:30 at night and borrow a plunger. As if that wasn’t bad enough, the toilet overflowed everywhere onto the floor. So I used bleach and soap to clean it up. While doing so, some bleach splashed on her hand towels, that I also gave her money to replace. After all of the trouble, we left tons of utensils, food and drinks, AND extra cleaning supplies for Adetutu to enjoy that we didn’t even get to enjoy ourselves. We didn’t mind leaving her these things we payed for, on top of the extra money we gave her to replace the towels and toilet paper…. BUT Adetutu had a major attitude after all of this and texted my partner the next day while he was at work, accusing us of having a party with people over because she said “It seems like you had people over and there’s things damaged and you used all of my paper towel and toilet paper”... When in fact, we used nothing more that what she said we could. AND I gave her money out of the kindness of my heart so she could... Adetutu was so welcoming.she made my check - in  easy and the apartment was exactly the same way described in the listing. Her place was nice,cozy and clean. she communicated and responded anytime i had questions. i enjoyed my stay and i will definitely stay again! Adetutu was a wonderful host for our NYC trip. We had an awesome time - the apartment was small but clean and a perfect place to rest after long days wandering around the city. The subway is a close distance and makes travelling around super easy.    We were two young women and worried initially about the neighbourhood but we actually met some lovely people and those we passed on the stairs were super friendly.     Bathroom was nice, Wifi was fast, shower was hot and the bed was super comfy.    Most impressive was Adetetus hosting. We were hugely delayed at JFK after we landed (foreign travellers be aware that you WILL have to add 1hr30 min to get through JFK immigration and Taxi). She stayed till 11pm to let us in. We had some issues getting hot water mid-week and she was deeply apologetic and offered us a refund, we ended up not taking it but staying one extra night. She is flexible, kind and communicative.      Thanks to Adetutu! Adetutu was a great host. Communicating with her was very easy. She was also very nice to let us check in much earlier (12pm). The apartment was exactly the same way described in the listing and in the pictures. It is small but clean and very close to the subway making the comute to Manhattan also very easy. Adetutu was lovely, very welcoming and easy to communicate with. The apartment was great and the neighborhood is perfect for someone looking to stay outside the business  Manhattan.  My boyfriend and I had a lovely stay! Adetutu was a great host and she was kind enough to let us check in early. The subway station is only a short walk from Adetutus apartment and we were pleased to find out that the two train could take us to almost anywhere in Manhattan. Overall, our stay at Adetutus was enjoyable and I would recommend this listing :) Adetutu is very nice. She was available and always happy to gives us some advices.  The subway is closed so its easy to move to Manhattan.  The place is a little bit hot in summer but you can deal with it.  The neighbourhood is quiet. But The quarter doesnt seem so safe.  We were happy to be there. Thanks Adetutu  The host canceled this reservation 28 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great place in Brooklyn that is close to the Brooklyn Museum and Subway to get around NYC. We drove but were able to keep our car parked in front of the building when we were using the subway. The apartment was in a nice quiet building in a residential. We felt safe coming and going at all hours of the night, but as always use personal caution. The apartment was a good size for our stay. Only issue I had was with the overall cleanliness, it looked like the apartment hadnt had a deep cleaning in a while, but rather a few once overs with a swifter or towel. Not bad but also not good. Other than that it was a great alternative and easy to navigate apartment in NYC.	0
8	"The apartment really served our needs well. The pictures were accurate and the apartment was clean, safe and just perfect for our family. Juliana was very easy to deal with and all the logistics in terms of checking in and out were straightforward. We appreciated how quiet and safe the neighborhood was.    This was our second experience with this building and host and we could not recommend either more enthusiastically. The apartment and the building its in are wonderful -- quiet and safe, yet extremely close to all the treasures of the UWS. The apartment and building were really nice and very well maintained and clean. And our hosts were extremely responsive and helpful. We were even able to work out a few extra days at the last minute. We did not want to leave and would repeat the experience in s heartbeat.  Juliana was very quick and pleasant to communicate with, both before and during our stay. She even made us feel welcome with OJ and food in the fridge when we checked in - this saved our first jetlagged morning. The flat is good size, has everything you need and we (ie family with a 15-month-old) absolutely loved the location. Just moments to Riverside park and plenty of shops and cafes nearby.  Juliana was very clear about how to access her apartment, and I found it very clean, presentable, comfortable, and exactly as the photos suggested. We had a very pleasant stay, and would definitely consider staying there again.  Great neighborhood and the apartment looked just like the picture, very clean.  Juliana was super responsive, 7 days a week.  I decided to stay and extend my trip because the area felt like home. I keep extending my stay because of work and this has become my second home.  Its easy, comfortable and I whenever there are small, minor issues, Juliana responds immediately and handles it.  Ill be ending my stay soon and will miss my second home! This became our second home.  Great neighborhood and Juliana was really helpful and always quick to reply to any message 7 days a week, usually within minutes.  When we left, my daughter said ""Im going to miss this!"" It was a wonderful 5 week stay at Julianas 2 bedrooms apartment on the Upper West Side. As our first time at Airbnb, she made the experience quite pleasant and reassuring with her prompt and kind responses to our many questions.  Once we arrived, she continued to stay in contact to ensure everything was going well. One of the best criteria for me is the responsiveness to any problems that might occur. This is a real apartment after all and we were there for a while. I found she always responded quickly and always did what she could go solve the problems to our satisfaction.  While we never met her personally, we met quite a few different members of her staff. All were polite friendly and helpful  As for the neighbour hood, loved it! I was worried it was a bit far west and north but not at all. There are 3 great grocery stores within 5-10 minutes which is crucial to a long term stay. Also, the 72nd street is express so you could even get to Brooklyn in under 30 minutes.  We would definitely consider this apartment or another of Julianas apartments in the area for our future needs. I really recommend!!!  房子位置还不错。总体住起来也很舒服。不会太吵。附近的生活很便利,离地铁口也不远,买菜买东西都很好买。房东帮忙准备的餐具也很齐全。 Julianas place was exactly as described and pictured - its a clean and well cared-for unit in a well maintained and quiet building, all situated in an absolutely perfect location. Juliana was extremely responsive and easy to deal with, including extending our stay graciously and seamless. Very happy to highly recommend!  Juliana was amazing. She help me with many things during my time in NY.  The apartment looks exact as the pictures. In fact all the neighborhood was incredible. Everything is waking distance, services as Supermarkets, pharmacy 24hrs, subway stations, restaurantes, bars, shoppings, theaters, all.  I was alone, studying and working and I felt very safety even when I came back at night.  The parks are so close so you can walk with a nice view of the Houdson river!  Thanks Juliana. You answer me even on Sundays!!! You are amazing.  . Great location, spacious, would stay again!"	1
9	Too expensive for what you get. Hostess was nice, bathroom was tiny. No extra furniture in the room.  Everything was great! Great host and nice clean place! The host canceled this reservation 39 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 20 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. It was a nice and clean room. 	0
10	She was so kind left milk tea coffee for us and asked us to contact here with anything else we wanted. Claires apartment is very well maintained and she was a great host, making sure we had everything we needed and when we encountered problems, responded very quickly and made sure we were doing well. Great place to stay, I would definitely recommend it to others  We loved the place. It is close to the subway, Brooklyn museum, parks, surrounded by cafes and restaurants. The apt has everything that we needed and Claire was very friendly and responded to any questions right away. We really appreciate that she was also very flexible with our arrival and departure time. Definitely recommend her place.  Claires place is very cozy and comfortable. Ive stayed with my cousin and it was perfect for us.  Just a couple of blocks from a beautiful park and the subway. Would definitely stay there again. Thank you ! Claires place is wonderful. It is close to a plethora of bars and restaurant. The interior is very relaxing and artsy as described. I will defintely stay here again on my travels to NYC.   My two sisters and I were in town for a girls weekend. Overall, we enjoyed our stay. From a positive perspective, Claire is very accommodating.  She graciously agreed to bump our check-in time from 3p to 12 noon, which we greatly appreciated. She was timely in her responsiveness and provided detailed instructions and helpful directions that aided in our being able to get around with no problems. The bed and sofa were also super comfortable.   As is the case in most scenarios, however, there were a few areas that could improve. The bathtub had a sticky residue and was not clean. There was no closet space, due to it being filled to capacity with clothes.  For 3 women, it was a bit of an adjustment not to have somewhere to hang our things, but we made it work. Also, while it was very thoughtful of Claire to offer the use of items in her refrigerator, the milk was past due and there was an unpleasant odor coming from the freezer.  It just seemed as though it had not been cleaned prior to our arrival.  As I stated earlier, overall we had a pleasant time. We did like that there was a grocery store within walking distance and whatever deficiencies we encountered, we were able to work around them and enjoy our weekend. Claire was a great host from the first time getting in touch. No hick ups whatsoever. She even gave us tips and checked on us during our stay.	1
11	It is a great place at this price! This is the cleanest and best organized airbnb I have stayed at over the last 2 years.  That takes dedication and work.  Henry is great. Henry is a great guy,very friendly,funny and always there when you need any kind of assistance.his place is very clean.I call his place home away from home.. Henry is a warm, kind person who keeps a great, clean, quiet airbnb. There were no surprises. Everything was as he said in his ad. Wouldnt hesitate to stay with him again. Clean, quiet and nice room. But a bit too far away from everything you know as NY. Henrys place is spacious, clean, and quiet. It is really close to the subway and bus stations. If you have a car, street parking was never an issue for me.  Henry is an awesome host. Kind, communicative, flexible. Always friendly, but gives as much privacy as you want. Highly recommended, would stay here again.	1
12	"So is really very kind and nice!Though we have no chance to enjoy her house because of the gas problem,she changed another better luxury house to us and we had a wonderful night.In a word,this is a terrific trip! So was very responsive to all of our messages, emails and facetime calls in every moment of the trip. The apartment was clean and well presented. It was a little bit of a physical effort to get into de apartment (it is in a 3rd floor), but the apartment was nice.      The apartment is located 2 blocks from a metro station, it has an Starbucks across the street, several bars and, a buffet restaurant called ""Treehous"" (burritos, good coffee, noodle bar and upscale buffet), a noodle restaurant nearby and a Dely in the entrance, so it is very well provided of places to buy anything you need for your trip.     We had towels and shampoo on our bathrooms. A little bit of a busy street in the mornings but for the rest it was just what we needed in NYC. Like other visitors, we spend little time in the apartment but it fulfilled all of our needs.  We were pretty disappointed when we arrived at our apartment in Midtown NYC. Although So is a very accommodating host (leaving us the keys for pick-up and being available when we needed her), the apartment in itself is not in a very good state. The beds were ok (the second double bed a bit small) and although a cleaning lady supposedly had cleaned up before our arrival, the place was still kinda messy (dirt under the bed, dustbunnies and trash between the sink and the bathtub that looks like its been there for a while). Seeing as the apartment is at the cross of a major intersection, expect some noise when you open the windows (although bearable). Seeing as I have had airbnb experience in NYC prior, I was kind of disappointed with the state of the apartment having had better before for a similar price. Also also make sure to bring your own items, such as soap and whatnot. Muy buena ubicación, cerca de subway y caminando a la 5a avenida y otros highlights.  Un poco pequeño para 6 personas, creo que sería genial para máximo 4 personas.   The apartment was well located with great dining options around. There was a 24x7 deli below the apartment which was very convenient. However, the apartment is too tiny for 5 people. The photograph on air bnb site is misleading. The apartment has no effective ventilation or air condition. It needs to be improved with basic facilities. We couldnt use the kitchen as the facilities were lacking. There was no connected working gas and utensils.  The apartment was nice, excellent location and had everything we needed for staying in the city, the building is old and this affects the details of the apartment, for us this was not an issue, in our opinion the only thing to improve is the security of the front door of the building, even if it is a safe neighborhood... all the other things were fine and we will love to come back in the future, thanks So! So our host was so great to deal with, always easy to contact and to get the keys to the apartments (even with a move in between) was a very carefree experience. Easy to communicate with and the place is exactly as described. Sophia was extremely reasonable about checking in and out. She allowed use a little more time to get our stuff together the day of check out. Couldnt ask for anything more. Would definitely stay here again. The apartment needs updating. However, the location was great. It is on the third floor and the stairs to access are uneven which can be difficult for some people. The lock was initially difficult to open but once I learned ""the trick"", it was fine. The host kept in touch and offered assistance as needed.   :) thanks!!! Everything perfect!!  The host was very helpful and the location great. The apartment just need a little paint to make it look better.  A few drawbacks: 1) Funky entrance,  2) 3-flights of very dark & rickety stairs, 3) No lights in the Halls and Stairs except for lamps on an extension plugged into the apartment (whats up with that?)    A final thing,  my son lost a set of keys,  I did the right thing and texted the owner expecting her to tell me to leave $10-20.  She said it would cost $60 because of the complicated nature of the Mul-t-lock key.  Doing an internet search and contacting the nearest lock smith on 1st ave I was quoted $15.  I did leave the $60 but something to consider It is in a really good location. We enjoyed our stay!! Det var en rigtig beskidt lejlighed, den var ikke ordentlig ren gjort inden vi ankom. Lejligheden indikerede at man kunne bo 4 mennesker, men der var hverken plads til at bevæge sig eller have sin bagage med, lejligheden var meget lille. Vi var bange, fordi der var bordel i underetagen og i lejligheden ved siden af, vi blev selv chikanerede af de prostiturerede. og det var helt tydelig en bedrift i resten af opgangen. Vores udlejer Sonja, havde også kun et set nøgler, hvor det andet set var blevet tabt af den foregående lejer, hvilket også gjorde at vi blev ret bange for at nogen kunne komme å låse sig ind igen i lejligheden, da Sonja intet havde skiftet af lås eller andet set nøgler. Vi forsøgte å klage flere gange da vi var i  N.Y, men Sonja afviste os hver eneste gang, jeg har skrevet en email til hende efterfølgende, for at forsøge at opremse alle problemer der var ved vores oplevelse af lejligheden.   So is an accommodating person to work with. Aside from a hiccup, everything went smoothly, from check-in to checkout. The hiccup was that So had to cancel the last day of my reservation due to construction issues. She did give a reimbursement as an apology for the inconvenience. I would not hesitate to rent from her again. The location is great, and the host is very nice and easy to get in touch with ! The host canceled this reservation 5 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The appartment is really well located in the city, which is very convenient when visiting.    Manhattan is well-known for being pricey. We thought the price we paid for this place was really to high, considering:  1) the size of the appartment  I want to specify that we were 6 persons. The rooms are quite small (which was ok with us). The kitchen is really tiny, and there was no way for us to have a meal together (not enough space + no table around which 6 persons can seat).  2) the overall quality :  - the windows really need to be changed, because they dont close properly ; as a consequence, the place was quite cold at night, and there was a lot of noise, especially during the night (this is Manhattan...)  - we could not operate the heating system (heating system operated for the whole building, apparently)  - many little things could get fixed (especially with such a high rent price) or repainted  - the gas on the stove was not working (problem in the whole buildng, from what I understood) - but there was an additional electric stove    We got a message a few days before our arrival warning us that the place was not too comfy and was pretty small to accomodate 6 people. We would have liked to get such an important piece of information before renting the place.    To sum it up :  - pros: great location to visit the city  - cons: too small for 6 people, too expensive, windows need to get changed   Very easy communicating with So. She is very responsive and was very accommodating. The building entrance is between the mini-mart and the flower shop, which confused me because I didnt see it at first due to it being pitch black outside! Upon entrance into the apartment, it was exactly what I expected. Cozy and perfect fit for what I wanted. Price was very good too considering it is in NYC and can fit 5. I would definitely recommend this place to someone who wants to stay in NYC for a few nights. Thanks So, youre awesome!  La ubicación del apartamento es muy buena, se puede ir a todos lados a pie. Con respecto al apartamento, debe de realizarse algunos arreglos a nivel edificio, ya que tuvimos inconvenientes con el agua caliente y solo podíamos bañarnos a la mañana muy temprano. Entiendo q es un edificio antiguo y falto de mantenimiento, pero luego de andar todo el día es importante poder bañarse. So, trató de solucionar el problema pero la excedía por ser un tema del edificio.  Estaría bueno q el departamento contara, con microondas y máquina de café en el futuro.  Saludos Appartement well located. Cleanliness is ok, but lack of instructions for the check in and check out. Rooms rather noisy. Overall, it was ok. We stayed in So for few days, overall it was a pleasant stay. Great location, close to many good restaurants,bars and showing area. Communication with host its excellent! We definitely recommend !!! We did not have running water and there was construction work outside all day and night long. So was a good host with fast email response times, and provided us with fairly detailed check in and check out information.  However we did not receive the apartment unit number and could not reach her by phone during check in, luckily we had the number of her cleaning lady to call.  Apartment was located in a great location and close to public transit.  Place itself was small, just enough for the 5 of us during our short stay.  The bathroom is quite old; toilet flushes very slowly, and bathtub was quite worn out.  There was a radiator in only one of the bedrooms, which was not strong enough to reach the second bedroom, causing it to be quite cold at night .  It is also very loud whenever cars pass by at night.    Overall although the amenities would benefit from some upgrading, the apartment is located in a great central location as posted, and good for a short stay if you want to experience living like a local.   This is a clean, budget apartment with a great location. Make sure to ask So about the apartment number in advance if youre checking in late and So wont be there in person to hand you the keys. The apartment can get fairly cold in the winter, and there is no thermostat. So does however keep one heater in the closet--but there are two rooms! Overall, for the price I have no complaints and thank So for always being available via text messaging. The bathrooms was nice and clean as well--which is always a relief. Decent value for your money, if you are travelling in a group of 4. Any more and youll find the apartment to be be super / a little too cosy. 1 queen bed, and 2 fold outs / futons (enough for a maximum of 6). Bathroom was ok, being an old building the water pressure for the toilet wasnt great, and neither was the drainage in the shower.  Location being in midtown-ish was great, only 3-4 blocks away from the Metro station. Easy and short rides to the whole of manhattan really.  Apartment was however a little cold and had basic amenities, which made for an ok stay overall.  There was no face to face contact with the host, though she was easily reachable and always ready to offer help etc should you require it (via Airbnb messaging / the phone number provided).  Finding the place wasnt too difficult, the entrance is slightly hidden, tucked away between a convenience shop and a flower shop on the street corner.   Note for those travelling with more than 1 luggage / large heavy luggages, youll need to climb up to the 3rd floor, as there are no elevators in the building. Great place in unbeatable location. Lots of restaurants on the same block, and a market on the ground floor so you can stock up on essentials. So was very responsive and helpful. Brilliant flat. Fantastic value for its location. Had a group of five pretty messy boys but we all had enough room. So was very quick with communication and we had no problems at all.  The apartment was great for four people, we had a great time, thanks for everything!! The location was great, and the space was fine for a short stay. The floors were tilted, which was quite disconcerting, and the shower had almost no water pressure. The place was otherwise as described, and communication was very clear.  Good location and great response time. We met the cleaning lady who was really helpful with checking in :)  Myself and 3 girlfriends spent a night there on a mini girls trip. The apartment was on the 3rd floor which was not made clear- a little tough for our friend that was 7 months pregnant. Space was pretty tight but manageable. Check in was a little strange- the keys were left with the flower vendor outside, we never received a name or contact, just were told to find him. Overall- it was ok for one night just to sleep, but thats the most we would have wanted to spend there. Very clean and communication with host was timely.  So is a wonderful host and her appartement is really nice located in Midtown. Some of the major sights are nearby: 5th Avenue, Top of the Rock, Central Park.. The Subway is not far away too.  Next to the appartement you find some nice restaurants (breakfast,lunch,Dinner) and a supermarket. We really enjoyed our stay in this appartement in NYC.  We stayed at the place with 4 people (2 couples). Youve 2 seperate bedrooms, but one is really small. The building and apartment is quite old and the flush and shower not the strongest. Nevertheless the location is really close to everything and you only stay in the apartment to sleep;) Can recommend the place to everyone who doesnt need a fancy place to stay but a great location:) The beds are comfy and the communication was perfect.  The location is great in Manhattan where everything is really expensive ! Metro 6 can be accessed in 10 minutes. But the apartment cannot accept 6 people, only 4 ! We were 6 spending a one week holidays and it was really difficult to live in the same place. 2 bedrooms, 2 beds and one sofa bed which is in one of the bedroom so we slept at 4 ! Beds and floor squeaks so when someone get up all the other 5 people are awaken. Kitchen is really small and there was only 2 electric stove to cook. The bath is really old and toilets dont work well because there is no water pressure at all (really complicated to take a shower). Even if So answered all of my questions before and during the stay, I wouldnt choose again this apartment if I could go back in NYC (6 or 4 people). Great location, great stay! Nous avons passé une nuit pour 5 personnes chez So, elle est une hôte de confiance. Lappartement peut être petit pour 5 ou 6, conseil un court séjour à ce nombre mais idéal pour 2 à 4 personnes. Logement très bien situé, propre et aucune surprise à larrivée.  As a whole I would not recommand this apartment and would not come back there during a future stay in NYC. The water pressure in the bathroom is terrible for both the toilets and the shower. There is basically no pressure in the shower, to a point where you almost need to lean against the wall to get some water. The apartment was not clean (old tissues below one of the beds), dusty and i clearly have doubts regarding the sheets, not sure if they had been changed. The apartment is small but would work for 4 people if not all these disagreements. However I would definitely not recommand it for 6 people.   The apartment was also not really taken care of (looks like some people tried to break in, the door and some walls are damaged and have not been fixed).   The apartment is in a good location and So is communicating and replying fast whenever needed. However I would not go back there if I should stay in NYC again.  So has been very kind with us and he help us in everything that we need. The apartment is comfortable and is the best localitation. Its basic but it has all necesary for you new york estancy. The location of the apartment is just great. 10 min walk and you are in Times Square. The apartment has what ever you need for a good night sleep. We were 5 so it got a bit tight but you only use the apartment to sleep and that worked very well.  a good location, but the place could use some maintenance.  I could just repeat what the other guests wrote before.  Great communication, great location.  We stayed there with 2 couples with 1 kid each (1,5 years). So it was really really small for us.  But nevertheless we didnt spend there a lot of time.  The house worked perfectly for our necessities. Not a comfortable space but considering that anyone visiting NY for sure that will not spend much time at home it’s a great place to stay. The location is top notch, you can move around several avenues easily. Sos place is in a great location, very close to Central Park, Times Square & 5th Avenue, etc. There are lots of restaurants and small shops all down the block. Our group did experience a lot of noise during the night time but its pretty much expected in NY.  Check in was easy and quick. The apartment is small but has all thats needed to rest after long days of touring the city.  However, the apartment is very, very small I would not recommend for more than 4 people. There are 2 rooms (only one has an a/c unit) and the larger room has the sofa bed, we slept 3 in that room as our group was of 5. The shower/toilet have almost no pressure. Very difficult to shower and toilet took some time to flush. Toilet seat was cracked so we had to be careful to not get pinched. Cleanliness was the concern overall. So was not very good with prompt communication. Most responses were received very late at night.  Overall, if youre just looking for location and have a small group (2-4 people max.) this could be a great place for you. As for myself, I will probably not be staying here in future visits to NY.   We loved the location, near excellent coffee, excellent restaurants, and within walking distance to most of the important locations in NYC.  Im not much of a review writer but Sos place was great to have. The location was awesome!! Like any other typical NYC apartment, they are small spaces but we were only there for a place to sleep and we had 4 adults, 1 child, and our 40lbs dog!! Plenty of space for us. It has a couple of air conditioners, since we rented it in August, and it kept the apartment cool. No elevator so you will need to use the stairs to get to the 3rd floor. We stayed for 4 nights and it was awesome to be able to stay in Sos apartment. If you drive there, like we did, parking was fine for the weekend. The block is ""NO STANDING EXCEPT TRUCKS LOADING & UNLOADING 8AM-7PM MON THRU FRI "". If you get there @ 6:30PM or so, you can grab a spot right in front of the apartment and leave it there for the weekend. Here is a good link to use for NYC Parking Signs and Regulations:   (Website hidden by Airbnb)   There are great restaurants close by too. There were a few suggestions that we let So know about that should be taken care of and she was very understanding and committed to looking into those. All in all it was a great place to stay and So was wonderful to work with. She is committed to making sure your stay is a pleasant one. We were a company of 5 staying in the apartment for 7 days. The location is excellent, within walking distance of the most interesting places in Manhattan. However the apartment is VERY small, there is place enough for 6 people to sleep but hardly any room to do much else.   I wouldnt recommend trying to cook a bigger dinner, but for breakfast the kitchen works fine. The bedrooms were ok and sheets were clean but there is no AC in the smaller room, and since the AC in the other room/kitchen wasnt working the first two days of out stay it got extreamly hot.   The bathroom was pretty bad, there was hardly any water pressure in the shower and the toilet.   The overall condition of the apartment is pretty bad and we were charged 150$ to pay for a door frame that was already broken when we opened the door upon arrival. Also the first two days we spent without the AC working and a broken toilet seat. There are some power outlets that are not working as well, so the TV cant be plugged in. This place has a good location and thats about it. No frills and very basic. The location and price are hard to beat. You are walking distance to many restaurants, the subway and midtown.  The apartment is clean but could use some paint and a few upgrades. The toilet is tankless so it requires holding the handle for a few seconds to flush and the key takes a little jiggling to get out.  If you are looking for an inexpensive, safe, convenient spot to crash after spending all day in the city this is the spot for you. Sos place was great! The location of this apartment is perfect as you are right in Manhattan with lots of restaurants and convenience stores around. I was a little skeptical about the size of the apartment because of the previous reviews stating that it was small for 6 people, but as for me, the apartment was just the right size for what I wanted. 5 of us stayed comfortably, 3 in one room (2 in a bed and 1 in a sofa bed) and the other 2 in the other room. The room that only accommodates 2, doesnt have enough space to move around as the bed takes most of the space but if you just there to sleep, then its perfect so even 6 people could stay there because theres 3 beds. So was also a great host. Even though we didnt meet personally, it was easy to communicate with and actually let me check in before 2pm which was very convenient for me. The water pressure in the shower is definitely not powerful, but that wasnt an issue for us as we were able to shower. Overall, Sos place was just what I was looking for. Overall, this is one of the worst AirBNB experiences of my life.  As you walk into the front door, one notices that the lock on the front door appears as though somebody bashed it in with a hammer and takes forever to open.  Both bedroom doors also show signs of break-in damage and one wont even shut because the damage is so bad.  The shower head also doesnt spray water and instead just comes out as one stream.  It made it very difficult to get some rest at night since I was fearing another robbery attempt.  I cant recommend anybody staying here for any reason. As advertised After 4 x nights in Sos apartment, I want to leave an honest review.   PROs For the cost of the apartment, the location is unbeatable. 10 minutes to Rockefeller Centre, 15 / 20 to Times Square, and 5 mins max to Lexington Avenue subway.  For a first-time visitor to Manhattan who wanted to do all the usual tourist spots, it was a great location.  The apartment also has air con - for anyone that have been to NYC in the Summer, youll understand this is an important consideration!  So is a great host - helped us check-in early and always responded to my random requests and messages super quick, so thanks for that!  CONs The apartment is tiny. I mean, really small. For a family of 4 x adults (Mum, Dad & 2 x daughters) it was a tight squeeze and I wouldnt want more people than that in there.  The shower / water pressure is terrible so washing my hair (typical girl feedback) was very difficult. Sounds trivial, but we felt it was a huge con for the apartment.  The neighbours that we met were friendly, but be careful the apartment next door sometimes leaves dog poo outside so if youre coming home quite late, watch your step! This isnt Sos fault, but a consideration.  WOULD I STAY AGAIN? If I was going back to NYC with 2 x friends and wanted somewhere super cheap and in a good location to stay, then yes. If I could increase my budget slightly, then I would stay elsewhere. But, without Sos apartment being so affordable, I may not have been able to afford a trip to NYC in the first place! The apartment was a ruin the pressure of the shower was almost nothing , so sent me the check in instructions 2 hrs before i went to the airport Lappartement est bien placé.  Il ne convient pas pour 6 personnes (au maximum pour un couple avec 2 enfants). Le ménage a été fait très rapidement: déchets entre les éléments de cuisine, poussière. Dans la plus petite chambre, il nest pas possible de tourner autour du lit. Pas dendroit pour sinstaller pour manger. La cuisine nest quun couloir étroit. La pression de leau est très faible (simple filet deau dans la douche). Une des chambres na pas de climatisation. Lappartement est bruyant. Très peu de rangement. Lappartement a besoin dune rénovation complète. En mi opinión la ubicación es muy buena, pero es lo único bueno que tiene... la casa es diminuta, como máximo para 4 personas. Uno de los dormitorios es muy pequeño, no se podía ni abrir entera la puerta. Las puertas de ambos dormitorios no cerraban puesto que estaban reventadas como de haberlas forzado... daba un poco de mal rollo. La bañera también estaba un poco sucia y el grifo no echaba apenas agua y tenías que pegarte a la pared para que te cayera encima... lavarse el pelo ha sido una odisea. Las ventanas no aislaban ni del ruido ni del frío y no se podían abrir. Eso sí, el chico mexicano del puesto de las flores de debajo ha sido un encanto y nos ha ayudado mucho. Decent enough place , Nice area restaurants but a decent walk to time square area , $95 cleaning fee is way too high 3rd floor walk up apartment without a living room. Location was convenient and apartment was very clean. This is a great accommodation for travelers looking for a clean and safe place in mid-town Manhattan to drop their head at night, to go see the city during the day and evening, and not to pay and arm and a leg for the pleasure.  But to be complete and to help clarify some past reviews that I had read that were more negative, please understand that the apartment is not charming, inviting or cosy.  The floors are swept, the bathroom and kitchen are quite sanitary, the sheets are clean, and the beds are nice, with no bugs in sight, but overall it is rough around the edges and could do with some TLC. I would also suggest earplugs, going to bed late or being a heavy sleeper, as the noises from the street can be loud at times in the late evening.  It is very easy to get from the location to the subway and quickly get to most parts of town that average travelers would likely want to see. I would highly recommend staying here for anyone that has the appropriate expectations. The place was absolutely great! Location CENTRAL, I was walking everywhere from this place. The Deli in the building is open 24/7. This is the Manhattan place that you want to experience, real NYC vibe! Great City view from the window. Fairly comfortable for 4-5 people, but New York- Manhattan apartments are not large in general and they are known to be pricey. This one is priced exactly well, even could have been more considering the location! Clean, and all was functioning well (I assume some things were improved as Ive read some reviews earlier, I didnt see anything broken or un-functional in this apartment). The host was responsive 100%. I would definitely come back here! Location was great. Sos appartment is well located, near Rock Feller Center. It is also near to the subway. So is very nice and has always answered quickly to our questions Best location- was able to walk to any point in Manhattan. Host was great, place was clean with clean sheets and towels, TV and fast WIFI. For the price you cant get better- great value!! I would definitely come back to Sos apt! The host was nice and reachable but our main issue was we couldn’t shower in the apartment. There was absolutely no water pressure and we notified the owner the night of check in. The issue was not fixed until after 6pm our second day there, which was appreciated but did not help us because we had someplace to be at that time. This was a huge inconvenience for us. Also the window in the bedroom, which was being held up by a stick, had such a bad draft due to an opening at the top, when we tried to close the window more it made the opening worse to the point we had to put a towel there to fill the space. It was so cold in the apartment, we had to use every blanket in there and were unable to sleep in that bedroom the first night. This was a huge inconvenience to us because we were there for a birthday celebration with many things to do and we were unable to use the shower. It’s just unacceptable. How was that not known when the place was cleaned? Great place. Good value for a simple two bedroom in middle of manhattan. So’s Airbnb was in a great location. Quite central and close to the subway which made it very easy to get around. The apartment is small and can be a bit confined at times but ultimately it has all the necessary amenities and is great for travellers that will be out exploring for the most part. Never ever ever stay here. 15 degrees Fahrenheit with no heat or hot water. Response by So? “It’s an old building - it happened last week but came back the next day.”  Why does Airbnb permit this listing? Host was communicative and helpful at times, but the actual apartment is claustrophobic. Way smaller than in the photos. One of the bedrooms was literally unusable because the no electricity was running through the outlets, so it was pitch black. And it was so small, the entire room is just a bed, zero room to walk. Doors didnt even close all the way. I feel like a lot of these problems should have been mentioned I had a time, instead of misleading the guests. I wouldve spent money on a genuine two bedroom instead if I knew. Very nice apartment in a great location. So was amazing host. So’s place was really amazing and had all my family needed! Central location, Midtown Manhattan, was easy for us to walk to Times Square, Central Park and other main points. We checked in late in the evening, the keys kept in the Deli, check in was smooth and easy! So was always available to answer my questions. Place is clean, with fresh towles and sheets, was warm and cute. Functional 2 bedroom apartment with very affordable pric - recommended 100% !"	0
13	The host canceled this reservation 43 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great place, great location, lovely host, very keen to help.  My girlfriend and I stayed at Ashs apartment  in Nolita. Getting access was easy. The key cafe is a few minutes away on Mott Street and instructions were given ore check in.  The apartment itself is great. The location on Elizabeth street is something else. We both fell for Nolita big time.  Ash was a good host. We didnt communicate much as we didnt need to but I felt he was available if needed.  I would recommend this place to any prospective singleton or couple, looking for a base to deplore NYC.  I will be staying here on my next trip!   Our experience with Ash was great! He was very hospitable, communicated very clearly and super welcoming to his place and neighborhood. His place was clean and modern and in a great area of the city! Would definitely recommend this place!  Ash was super nice, available and helpful. The location was perfect. The apt was very clean, bright, spacious, and surprisingly quiet for NYC (no street (Email hidden by Airbnb) fy bed too. I couldnt have asked for a better place or host. Looking forward to staying there again one day.  Ash was a very helpful and kind host. He explained everything in detail and made our stay very easy. The place is very spacious, bright and in a very good location. In the center of SOHO, surrounded from the best places to eat, drink, shop etc. Would definitely go back again and we recommend Ashs place to others. Thank you Ash ! la casa era lo que esperaba, el barrio muy cómodo, todo funciono  perfecto. así estaba siempre conectado para contestar nuestras preguntas The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Ash is a great host. It was super easy to communicate with him. He was kind enough to accommodate our last minute request. Checking in & out was easy and comfortable. The place itself is really awesome, very bright and very spacious; it is really a rare finding for NYC. Great value! The location is the best in the city: Nolita is a charming little gem in the middle of lower Manhattan. Highly recommended place! Great host ! Very communicative. Flexible on check in and check out times which I always appreciate. wifi, Apple TV. Separate bedroom and living and very spacious which is rare for nyc. Centrally located in the best neighborhood in NYC! Made suggestions etc. everything we needed was in the apartment. Ash was a great host. His apartment is in a prime location, great size especially for the area. Key pick up was easy, no issues, easy to communicate with. I would definitely stay with him again!  Ash was very friendly and amenable and replied speedily before I arrived and to iron out a question I had over the keys. The apartment was lovely, great neighbourhood too. My only gripe had to do with the quilt on the bed being all bunched up as if someone had just got out of bed - I had no idea if the sheets had been changed.  Ash was amazing! Great quiet apartment in one of the best neighborhoods in NYC.  See you next time! Perfect location for restaurants, bars & shopping! Excellent apartment.. spacious, great location and affordable. Ash was a helpful and reliable host.  Was was a great host. Very attentive and accommodating, his place is clean and well kept. the location is fantastic, within walking distance to Spring Street, Broadway, china town, subway stations... Overal fantastic! Thank you Ash  The place was great and Ash was quick to communicate if I had a question. We loved the apartment, and Ash was a terrific host.  He responded promptly and in a very friendly way to our initial inquiry, and to a later question. The apt. is spacious, has very nice light in the living room, is very well furnished, and  is extremely clean.  The location was superb - easy walk to the subway (and a Whole Foods!).  Nice shops and restaurants right in the neighborhood. We would definitely stay there again! Ashs place couldnt be more perfectly located in the heart of the LES, easy to walk to, comfortable and roomy, and he is a terrific communicator. A 5 star experience for us! A very impressive, clean, cool place to base yourself for some Lower East Side fun.  Ash takes good care of his place and has great recommendations for the hood. The AC saved me at night too! Would definitely stay again.  Ashs place was amazing. Perfect location in an amazing neighborhood. The apartment was super easy to access and had everything we needed. Ash was very helpful with suggestions and answered any questions we had. Would definitely stay again.  Great location! Roomy for a NYC apartment. Ash was easy to communicate with and helpful.  Emplacement idéal ! Dans un quartier très sympa (proches restaurants et bars), au 3 etage, avec une clim parfaite. Vous vivez comme un local chez Ash. Lappart est bien équipé et il a un matelas fabuleux : immense et hyper confortable ! La chambre ne donne pas sur la rue donc vous pouvez dormir tranquillement.  We higlhy recommend this appartment !! And Ash is really easy to contact, good location and gret place. The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Excellent place and excellent location. Ash was speedy with responses and worked with us and helped us with everything. The place is quiet and nice, just be prepared to hike up some stairs (so bring small bags, unlike me haha). Located a block and a half away from a subway platform, so moving around is incredibly easy. Would recommend to anyone The place is great. Ash is very responsive and offered many good suggestions on the area. The neighborhood is very nice and there are several good food options all over. Easy to get to other neighborhoods from here. Great stay and host. Ubicazione perfetta, appartamento piccolino ma curatissimo nell arredamento, letto comodo e gigantesco, host disponibile e cordiale! Siamo stati benissimo!!	1
14	Sergio was a helpful and accommodating host.  The Host was very friendly. Before and during our stay he gave us all information we needed. If there were any issue with something he immediatly answered and tried to help at all the time. He did everything to make our stay confortable. Nice travel, the flat was pretty small but clean and confortable, near to subway. Verry good to visit Manhattan quikly. Everything about Sergios place was as promised, it was very clean, a convenient location with access to subway and bus. We had a very comfortable stay. He made the check-in process very easy even if he was not able to do it himself and we did not have any problems throughout our stay. Over the weekend there was some music late at night from across the hall but other than that, we didnt have any problems. Id recommend if you are coming to explore NY. The directions and process for getting the key were easy and straight forward.  The short distance to the subway is great.  The apartment is clean and functional.  Sergio was easy to contact when we had any little questions. Sergios apartment is exactly as on the pictures it is not big but cosy. It is clean and easy reachable via public transport.  The neighbors enjoy eating in the corridor so if you do not like the smell of chinese food you might want to pass however you will miss an unique experience  The apartment is near to Financial District and the metro (5 minutes walk). It is comfortable and clean. Sergio is a very open person, and available to any request.  The only negative point is the building and in particular the stairs that are very dirty (but its not Sergios fault).  I think to book this accommodation in other occasions. The host canceled this reservation 6 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. It was really easy to check in and out as well as to reach Sergio anytime we needed. Cozy apartment in an interesting and well connected neighbourhood. A real New York experience! The listing was very accurate. The location is s and this was the perfect spot because the NYE party was located less than 15 min walking distance from this listing. So overall this was a great listing, good host, and a fantastic location. Would stay here again in a heartbeat.  very convenient!	0
15	We had a perfect trip thanks to Carmela! Everything was so good. Brand new, super clean, got everything we needed. Very close to subway, convenient. We were so pleased! 5-star hotel quality  This is a very comfy place to stay..i will definitely choose to stay here the next time  we come back to new york. Very accessible to the metro train. Thanks again Carmela ☺️ Carmela’s apartment was a perfect stay for our weekend in Brooklyn. The apartment is bright, comfortable, clean, safe and spacious. Everything is provided for you but if you do need anything extra there are stores within walking distance and Carmela was more than willing to provide us with essentials if needed. We found parking which is huge in NY. I would definitely recommend staying here. We were a party of four guys in New York for a friends wedding and stayed for five nights. This is a beautiful apartment which appears to be recently refurbished and is well kitted out. The location is good in terms of access to subways (one 2 minutes away and another toward Ridgewood about 15 minute walk in the other direction). But the neighbourhood is quite noisy which may not suit some. We didnt meet Carmela but she left us a helpful email prior to our stay which was very concise in terms of check in and worked well for us as we were not all arriving at the same time. Overall, we had a really good stay. Great experience! Carmelas house is very clean and very confortable! The Subway is very near so you can enjoy the city as you want. Thank you! Nice appartment, clear and bright, quiet place, above expectations hosting, lovely peoples. An ideal basecamp to visit New York. Strongly recommended. Carmela was a great host. Very timely in her communications and all directions for check in, etc. were very straight forward and clear. The place was very clean and was just as it was described. Grocery store and other stores (Rite Aid) were conveniently located about 1 block away, as well as the subway, so very convenient location. Great amenities, we were able to cook breakfast each morning. I would definitely stay here again, next time I am in NYC. The place is amazing and In the perfect location! This apartment was very roomy and convenient to the subway. Just be prepared for the neighborhood, Carmela told us what to expect and she was exactly right. Great place to stay while visiting New York.  Very close to public transportation.  The apartment was clean and beautiful.  Everything was as Carmela described, and she was great with communication. The apartment is very comfortable, offering all amenities which made our stay so easy.  We appreciated the little extras of coffee, butter, kitchen roll etc The subway is at the bottom of the street and there is also a good supermarket and Rite-Aid for all you need with regard to shopping.  Carmela was v good at responding to messages and access to the property was clear.  The apt is spacious with walk-in closets and lovely bedding.  Overall, we were very happy with our short stay. Its a very nice home, close to the subway which is very convenient especially after a long exploring day in NYC. Carmela is a very helpful host, my family and I really enjoyed everything there. you can buy the 3dollars metro ticket and it will take you to time square which is very budget to stay here. recommend! Great place! Super clean and cute apartment. Carmela is a great host! Great location, close to subway and easy ride into Manhattan. Beds are very comfy, overall great value. We had a wonderful stay at Carmela’s place! It was very clean and spacious and complete with everything we needed. Highly recommend! Carmela’s place is absolutely beautiful - very big living space with natural lighting, comfy beds and a nice kitchen. Carmela is also a very helpful host, giving tips on what to do and eat around the neighborhood and thoughtfully bought first aid items when one of us got an unfortunate cut. The location is only a 3min walk from the nearest subway station. Strongly recommend a stay here! We loved our stay at Carmela’s place! Literally a two minute walk from the subway that got us to every destination we needed to go to. The place is secure and very spacious. The mattresses in the bedrooms are also amazinggg! There was four of us girls the only thing the place lacked was more mirrors as the rooms do not have vanities. Very spacious and nice . Super close to the subway to transportation is easy Carmelas place was fantastic with plenty of room for my 5 friends and me. Communicating with her was very easy and there were no problems with our entire stay. I would definitely stay here again. Amazing space, modern and lovely, open spaces, great light , private and quiet, close to the subway, restaurants and stores. Locals were impressed by the beauty of the apartment. It was very clean! And her brother stays downstair, it was easy to ask. I hope to stay again if I visit NY. Thank you so Much for having us! We really enjoyed our stay... Lovely place, easy acces to sub and Good kommunikation :) Would recommend Carmela place any time.. Very beautiful and clean apartment. Super near the subway! Highly recommend	1
16	Nice Appartement in Queens Astoria, quiet neighbourhood and very good for a NYC visit because the subway is close to be in Manhattan within 15-20 minutes.  Also a lit of shops and restaurants in the area. Try the astoria bagel shop ... ! Hosts were very helpful. Perfect place for 2 people, studio is not too big but 2 people can comfortably stay for a 7-10 days. I was with my wife and daughter and enjoyed my stay very much. No pots available if you want to cook, besides a frying pan and a rice cooker, so I bought my own. Subway is 15 minutes away on foot, but if you are in NYC and dont have to deal with work and errands, then it is not an issue.  I would definitely stay there again. Bodde i Vanessas lägenhet drygt 2 veckor i början av augusti. Jag träffade henne inte personligen men hennes kompis var där och såg till att incheckningen gick lätt och smidigt. Jag skulle absolut kunna tänka mig att stanna där igen!    Beskrivningen av lägenheten stämde bra och boendet passar fint för par eller om man reser själv. Skulle tro att det blir lite trång för 3 personer dock. Bredbandet var snabbt och fungerade bra. Luftkonditioneringen var lite bullrig men effektiv. Det hade varit trevligt med kabel-tv (med tanke på OS i Rio) men skulle inte säga att det var något problem.    Det här var första gången jag bodde i Astoria och måste säga att jag gillar det! Området känns lugnt och säkert oavsett tid på dygnet (jag var ute till 4 på morgonen ibland..). Inom promenadavstånd ligger Ditmars Blvd med många bra restauranger, kaféer och tunnelbanestation. Är man beredd att promenera en bit längre kan man ta sig ned till 30e Avenyn (med ännu större utbud av barer och restauranger). Finns även en stor park i närheten med utsikt över stan (och tillgång till pool och tennisbanor). Att åka till Manhattan tar c:a 15-20 min.    Som sagt, jag hade en bra vistelse i Vanessas lägenhet och rekommenderar er att stanna där om ni är nyfikna på Astoria.   Listing is accurate.   This place is at a great little corner of nyc. It has a perfect location for a quiet stay, but it was supper easy to get into the city to do anything we wanted. Great little stores just two blocks from the studio.  	0
17	"Pros:    - The building runs itself; you show up, find your room, take your key and do everything autonomously.    - Very clean, nice smell and decor, great kitchen facilities and washroom    - Responsive host    Cons:    - The ""futon"" in our room didnt actually fold into a bed but instead, you had to remove its cushions and sleep on the floor. When I raised this issue to the hosts representative, I was told that the futon ""utilizes the floor as a box spring"". This was not sufficiently explained in the ad, which stated the room has ""2 beds"", one being a ""real bed"" and the other being a ""futon"". The word ""futon"" generally implies that there will be an elevated surface above the floor. Had the listing made it clear that this was not the case, we would have spent more money to get a room with a proper futon or a 2nd bed.    - Earplugs are pretty much mandatory because there are many rooms all surrounding the kitchen/living room so if other guests are up late and being loud (there can be 8-10 guests per floor), then sleeping at a reasonable hour can be a challenge. Its a really good room, and easy to go with the subway. The home is clean et quietly. If i come back to NYC, i come back at this place !  Great room for money. Thanks Lauren. Solid, communal-oriented accommodation for travelers To be honest (no offense), Housing does not meet the specified price, on the area, we were afraid to go out, the floors too scrapie (not convenient to walk, did not want someone to wake the neighbors) Great little place for what youre paying. Clean, quiet, everyone was really friendly. Would definitely stay again. This was a very nice, clean Brownstone. The location from Subway was a little walk, but M train got us to Manhattan really quick. Very pleasant stay, everything was as described.......Thanks Es exactamente como lo ves en la foto! El barrio es muy seguro. Para moverte por a la ciudad no es complicado, hay dos estaciones de metro a 15 minutos caminando y en las calles cercanas pasa el bus! El edificio es cómodo y agradable. Solo tuvimos un pequeño problema con el A/C que queda a la altura de los pies! Fuera de eso todo excelente! What I like best was the quite area the house was located in. Epecially good for coming down after a busy day in Manhattan. Also, you get to choose between 2 train lines (J leads you directly to Manhattan and the G line to Williamsburg). Though, expect to walk approx 15 mins.    The self-check-in system was excellent as we were arriving late.  Be aware it wont be the typical Air BnB- experience, if you need space all to yourself than you should go somewhere else. Laurens place rather feels like a hostel due to shared bathrooms, kitchen etc. All in all, youll get what you pay for. Chill spot. Never met the host. The building/room were not like listed in the way that, this was not someones ""home"". This was planned out to host like a hostel does. I text the host a few times about check in and got no response. I messaged her through the app and still nothing. She apparently stays in one of the rooms, but never came to check on us or even give us a tour.  I think the photo provided is just a front for who really runs this ""home"".   It is all very- one man for itself.  When we tried to open the window in our room, it fell out, and almost hit us in the face. It did not lock, which isnt a problem considering we were on the 3rd floor, but I imagine its not very safe to have a window that doesnt lock with all our possessions in the room. The outlets in the wall did not work, only one outlet did out of three. The bathroom smelled of mold, though none was visible. The floors were horrible and creeked at every movement. I highly doubt this is cleaned ""professionally"", as the pillow cases had stains. You definitely pay for what you get. The neighborhood is nice, but far from the center of everything.  Bonjour,  Je suis globalement très satisfaite de mon séjour chez Lauren! En effet, le prix était très bon marché pour New York et lappartement agréable. Même si la chambre était vraiment très petite pour 3 (ce qui est bien précisé dans lannonce mais pas forcément évident si on regarde uniquement les photos) nous avions accès à un salon agréable et spacieux. De plus le self check in nous a bien arrangé car nous avons pu arriver à lheure qui nous convenait. En revanche laccès à la salle de bain était parfois compliqué du fait du nombre de personnes résidant dans lappartement et des problèmes quil y a eu dans dautres salles de bain de la maison. A cause du nombre de personnes, celle-ci nétait pas toujours impeccable.   Malgré ce dernier point, je recommanderait complètement lappartement de Lauren à tous les petits budgets voyageant à NY ! It was great, clean and everithnig was prepared. I think that was particulary safety part of Brooklyn. This was almost too easy. Lauren responded to me quickly, I had all the necessary information for the room right away. The room itself was perfect for what I was looking for and was exactly as the photos showed. Great neighborhood, with easy parking and easy access to the train. I will be back at some point! VERY Nice place ! All was great ! This was perfect for us! Safe neighborhood, lovely AND clean townhouse. Pleasant accommodations with easy access. We effortlessly came and went as we pleased. The metro was a ten min brisk walk (it was chilly anyway) and the bus got us even closer - within a block or two. Lauren quickly responded to any questions we had.  Nice, clean room with easy check in and out, street parking, good value Didnt actually get to meet the host but quick to respond.  Wonderful place. Area very close to public transportation. Got to meet new friends. Good vibes all around. Clean. Warm and toasty during the winter. No bed bugs thank goodness. Colorful environment.  BUen lugar, con funcionamiento parecido al de un hostel. Buen barrio para quedarse si se quiere conocer brooklyn. We did not get to meet Digna, neither communicated.. I texted her about the way we could more easily reach the neighborhood but she never replied. Fortunately, we have stayed in this area before so I knew how to get around. The area is really great and Lafayette Ave (where the house is located) is a beautiful street! The house is basically a ""hostel"". It is all rented out to various tenants. Our room was nice, ikea furnished with a backyard view. (there is not really a backyard, just an empty space but its fine.) We had clean sheets and towels but the floor was dirty. Also there was just one plug working in the whole room. The bathroom was pretty dirty, and there were three girls on our floor that would leave their hair EVERYWHERE.  It was fine for the price but would not stay there again... It has a potential to be nicer but its not there yet. I loved the stay with dignas place very clean !!! Just missing a few things such as microwave , iron maybe she had one somewhere in the house but she was never home when I wanted to see her :( but other than that I would recommend this place for a nice budget! Im sure shes gonna upgrade and put some more stuff in soon! And the neighborhood is very quiet deli stores on almost every corner very convenient! I will be staying here again! Thanks for the stay!  It was a great choice staying at Dignas place. Location let us felt like a part of Brooklyns community for a while, doing shopping, laundry, joining tourist-free coffee shop and so on. The place is quite well communicated both with Brooklyns, Queens and Manhattan spots with Metro trams and Busses.   The place is clean, mostly quiet with allover the world travelers around- hostel style.   When you arrive you get your own code to the main entrance ( convenient ) and your room waits for you with a key inside, so you can check in and check out whenever you wish during the period you own the room.   So enjoy your stay in NYC :)    Nous navons pas vu Digna pour le check-in et out mais notre chambre était prête à notre arrivée et la communication était bonne. La chambre que nous avions était pour 3 couchages, mais une fois le canapé-lit déplié il ny avait plus du tout de place dans la chambre, nous avons donc laissé nos valises dans le living-room pendant notre séjour... Limmeuble est plutôt propre, le métro est à environ 15 minutes à pieds pour rejoindre Manhattan en 30 min par la suite. En somme un endroit correct pour dormir.  The room is cozy and lovely. Although we did not have a chance to meet the host but everything in the house is super clean and the process of check in is smooth.  Since we were comstantly on the go we never met with our host but the room was great. We had everything provided for us, the bed was comfortable and the room was clean. The kitchen and common area were very convenient and the bathroom was also very neat. Digna gave perfect directions, though i didnt get to meet her she was constantly available via text and was attentive to me and my needs. Not too far from train. Enjoyed the walk because it was almost summer but if it were in the dead of winter it might have been a bit troublesome. The room is nice and clean with AC. The only major thing that may bother others is the flooring, its uneven and can be dangerous because the stairs are the same way. I was on the 3rd floor, it got a bit narrower while going up the steps. Be careful and enjoy! Me and two friends stayed here for three nights, the room was comfortable, small, and exactly as pictured. We had access to a kitchen and a shared bathroom, and although the bathroom was often a bit full/messy, overall the space was lovely and everyone staying there was quiet and respectful. We were also VERY grateful to have that AC window unit, having visited at the end of June! We had a great time and would absolutely stay again, great bang for your buck and a great location!  Great room for the price! It was about a 15 minute walk to get to the trains into Manhattan, but there was a bus option which was closer. We were comfortable and felt it was a good option for those who want to spend some time in NYC on a budget.  Digna was friendly and provided me with information that I needed. She was willing to give us extra towels too. Easy and stress free check in/out process. The host seems to have the it down to a science. Everything was labeled. There is no room for confusion.  Ce nest pas du Airbnb, mais une professionnelle qui loue une dizaine de chambre dans une maison sans intérêt, dans un quartier glauque où il ny a rien. Il faut prendre le métro à 15 mn. Nous navons pas vu lhôte, elle nest pas sur place je pense. Bref, nous les avantages dun hôtel, nous les avantages du Airbnb. A fuire   Room was as described, directions to enter house were very easy to follow. Always felt safe & never too much noise. Would stay here again, thanks!  The House has 3 floors with a bathroom on each floor. Even if the house felt like a hostel it was very quit during the nights... We didnt see Digna but for the price I really recommend the house :)  Weve stayed at Dignas apartments only for one night.  The room was too small but clean and tidy.  The only thing we were confused for, it that we saw a big cockroach in the bathroom.  It was easy to communicate with Digna. She allowed us to leave  our luggage in the room because we had a flight late evening - thank you for that! I had no communication with Digna the whole entire stay in Brooklyn, which was okay. I got inside the listing okay, but it would have been nice for her to come say high and see if she could help with anything. Digna made it an easy and great experience for my trip to New York. I highly recommend her if you are looking for easy access and no hassle for your trip. She gladly offered to take our luggage, as we arrived early.  Her place is conveniently located near the bus stop and Metro station.  The bedroom was small, but was clean.  The shared bathroom was also clean.  We liked the fact that there was a large kitchen and dining area with all amenities where you can actually cook.   We were able to come and go freely.  It was a great value, and we would love to stay there again.  She is a nice host, comunicative, flexible hour for check-in after 5pm. Every thing was perfect.    Fitting three people in the space was tough, but managable. Fortunately the couch folded out, but was extremely uncomfortable. We were gone all day so it satiated what we needed; a place to sleep.  Good budget room in Brooklyn very cozy place, easy to access with  ample street parking! good location in the middle of brooklyn. Nice place, great location, close to the subway so easy to reach either Manhattan or different other parts of BK. Recommended. Elegimos este alojamiento por precio pues buscabamos una estancia económica en Brooklyn. El precio es ajustado para los precios de NYC y el barrio es una barrio residencial, tranquilo y comunicado con varias paradas de metro. Además de esto, en nuestra experiencia personal, tuvimos muchos problemas: calefación mal purgada, que hacía muchísimo ruido, con una temperatura excesiva, puerta del cuarto que nunca cerro con llave, wifi deficiente (muchos días no podíamos ver nada el ordenador), vecinos irrespetuosos con fiestas en mitad de la noche y baños & cocina sucios pese al servicio de limpieza diario. Creo que este alojamiento es sólo apto para gente muy joven, para estancias de 2-3 como mucho y que no les importe mucho el tema del descanso ni la pulcritud. Respecto a Digna nada que objetar, yo no la conocí personalmente aunque si que estuvo accesible en el teléfono.  Pros: The price.  The location, it is near bus stops and metro stations so you can get everywhere you want to go. The neigborhood is safe.  Early check in, we arrived in the morning at the city and we were able to let our luggage without any problem.   Cons: Wifi conection was terrible. At night, when everybody was at home, it was imposible to connect. Too many people for only two bathrooms. Despite the bathrooms were cleaned every day, by night they were always dirty.  The couch was extremely uncomfortable.   Nice clean budget room just as described and I would stay there again Linda habitación  Das Zimmer ist wie beschrieben, klein aber günstig und das Bett war sehr gemütlich. Das Wlan hat teilweise nicht funktioniert, das hat ein bisschen gestört. Die Gastgeberin haben wir nicht gesehen, aber es lief alles problemlos ab. Das Preis-Leistungsverhältnis ist gut. Nach Manhatten hat es ungefähr 40 Minuten gebraucht. Good and cheap place This room is exactly how it is described. The bed is comfortable and cosy if all you need to do is sleep for the night. The kitchen is clean and is full of equipment. Check-in and check-out was simple. The location is just great! Close to bushwick and Williamsburg, and to different metro stops that take you to Manhattan in 15 minutes. The room is small and simple, but clean and warm which is what you want if you stay in NY. Great fine place, close to public transit. Quiet street, near the basketball pitch and workout zone. Highly recommend! Its a nice place for budget traveler! You will see many travelers in one bnb! Prepare yourself for getting to know more people :) Cozy room in a centralized location. Only two bathrooms for LOTS of guests. Found bugs in the room and mold on the shower. Other than that, it is an ok place to spend a night in Brooklyn.  I think the room is not enough for 3 people, especially if yall have luggages. It took around 25mins to go to Manhattan from the airbnb by Uber. Didnt see or meet Digna during my 4 night stay; however, I was able to drop off luggage before official check in time, which was much appreciated. Surprised to find condiments in kitchen and some toiletries in bathroom.  Dignas home in Bed-Stuy is in good location, close to busses and train. Stay was accommodating and other guests were very nice and friendly. This is a really unique situation and totally a great option for anyone looking for a budget stay in the city. Clean and quite, all of the descriptions are accriate. Highly recommended!  This place was a night mare. The showers were dirty. mildew and mold on walls.  The tub was unkept. The floor was always wet. The ceiling on the second floor bathroom was leaking and there was a hole with this very bad odor coming from it. There was hair and toilet tissue every where. There other guests belongings were all over the bathroom. The bedroom where I was assigned had no light, I had to get a light from the living room. I called her to notifying her on the lighting situation but never received a call back from her. The house was very dusty. I sneezed there entire time I was there along with my daughter. When outside we were fine but inside we sneezed. The other guest were loud. I didnt see the host not once the entire time. Thank god all we had to do was just sleep there. We came in late and left early so that what ever was causing our sneezing we werent expose to it for long. I dont recommend this place. It is close to transportation yes is you dont have a car. Theres no street parking, it first come first serve. There was a fridge that was very small and had spoiled food in it. I didnt use it. The living room was very hot. The fan was small and very dusty. There stairs were very noisy and unsafe. They were cut to fix, so if you dont know to angle you feet a certain way you will fall. Other guests walked around in their underwear, I had my daughter with me which was so uncomfortable.  All was great  Its an ok place for a low budget. It has a lot of rooms (around 10?) for 2 bathrooms. Its not very clean, mostly the bathroom. A lot of hairs everywhere. I didnt meet Digna, but she was very flexible about the check in, which was very nice. The location: is a little bit far from the metro and it take +/- 45min to go to manhattan. Ottimo rapporto qualità prezzo, a 10 min a piedi dalla metropolitana. Unica nota negativa la pulizia del pavimento e del bagno. Everything was great. good contact with the owner. The description of the apartment is in line with reality. I recommend! Everything was as Digna described! :) Very filthy toilets. We are satisfied with our stay. Sheets were clean and no without bugs, thats what we were expecting.  Its exaclty as described,  a nice budget room. We are very happy we could sleep in Brooklyn for that cheap, we didnt care about the look or the size. The little lounge on the third floor was cool and quiet, but we basicly came in just to sleep. Maybe we were unlucky with the shower be the one on the third floor was broken and kept falling appart. Im guessing its a new problem and that it will be fixed. The fridge was full and really smelly! Otherwise it was perfect for us.   Julie, Pascale and Dominique : Happy travelers! To jest raczej Hostel nie mieszkanie, tyle że bez recepcji. Do dyspozycji 3 kuchnie i 3 łazienki na kilkanaście mikroskopijnych pokoi. Mieszkanie w samym centrum Brooklynu. Tanie, ale i jakościowo jak na standard europejski raczej mizerne. Rzekł bym syfiaste. Pokój po wstawieniu walizek był już nie do przejścia. Dla kogoś, kto sypia w schroniskach i nie krępuje się obcować z innymi - spoko. Dla kogoś, kto tylko będzie tam wracał na noce - rewelacja. Cena czyni cuda, raczej i tak - polecam... Very nice This place is not very clean, fresh towels and sheets do not smell fresh. Theres a mouse living in the house that we could hear at night and it ate our chocolate. Shared spaces are not so clean and new (there is nothing to hang your cloths on while taking a shower etc), something you can expect from a shared space though. The area seems pretty good, the G line subway is pretty close as for Brooklyn. The room is very warm (we slept with an open window in the freezing weather). This is a very budget stay though, I recommend it for people travelling for cheap. This room can not accommodate three people, even with minimal baggage. If there are three of you do not choose these rooms, please. Choose something different, otherwise, your vacation will be spoiled because this is a serious inconvenience. ""Bed"" for the third person is the floor area between the main bed and a small wardrobe. That is, you have to step over to the person literally. It will also be impossible to open the door or you can not open the suitcase. In winter, batteries have a noise like a loud knock. A lot of people on the same floor use one bathroom, which makes it really busy. The bathroom had hair in the sink and we had to remove them, and it was a very old set of hair. The same goes for the toilet and I will not tell you how we cleaned it to use it. The sockets in our room did not work and we had to charge our phones in the kitchen. Very sorry for all of these details, but look for something more comfortable if you can. Great for short stays First time staying in a shared space with airbnb and I was highly impressed by the cleanliness. The price was incredibly affordable and nicely served the purpose of having a place to stay while I attended a conference over a weekend. The Canadian couple that was sharing the house with us was also fantastic and kind enough to offer some beer and good company after a long day. Overall it was a great experience! So this place has few problems we faced. 1. Location was not really good, 2. Bathroom was really dirty, hair everywhere and cockroaches around. 3. There was a hole in window so it was cold at night. 4. Host takes her time to reply, she is probably very busy. Check in was smooth though."	0
18	"Had a great stay - was everything that the booking promised.  Cant be beat, phenomenal place to stay The right place!!! For me it was an ideal location. So close to everything I wanted to be close to; however, there is question as to whether it is worth the value. A few things left me wondering if it was even legitimately rented out.  I was given the address, and when ready to move in, I had contacted Heidi and the address was different (a few doors up on the same street - just thought it strange - but hadnt used airbnb before); I was greeted by a male, who took my luggage up the stairs and advised me to ""hurry up"" as someone was following behind us. There was another gentleman in the room (later was advised that the cleaner was in the room, and the person following was some building supervisor or something). I was alone in New York.. and wasnt greeted by my host, at the address provided by airbnb, but a male a few houses over, and rushed up stairs, then another male was in the apartment... Kinda sketchy. Then later was advised that if anyone asked, I was a friend and not to mention rental agreements.. again.. sketchy. The apartment was perfect location, cute, and I was so excited to be in NYC, so really didnt want to focus on the house I was staying in.. But for $400/night CAD Id expect a lot more; and was advised I should really warn others. If the price point were not so ludicrous for what was offered, I dont think Id really have many complaints. The apartment was cute, relatively clean. Wasnt forewarned that the stove didnt work. I went to use the washroom, and there was no more than a few pieces of 1 ply toilet paper (I did ask Heidi if there was a stash somewhere I missed) the response I got 5 hours later was ""You dont have toilet paper??"" - which can be interpreted several different ways via text ... I went and bought toilet paper... after paying $400/night. The sheets on the bed were super itchy; very uncomfortable to sleep in - had to again bring my own. There was a bright street light that shone in the room through the windows - it lit up the room like a spot light (Id advise sleeping with a mask), and bring a set of ear plugs, as theres a church that lets you know every hour on the hour what time it is.. and it really letser rip on sundays! Im not a complainer.. and I can live pretty simplistic.. However, if Im paying $400/night.. I just expect a lot more. By writing this now, I expect to get a crappy review myself.. I leave no carbon footprint.. :( The host canceled this reservation 6 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. It was in a wonderful position and we were well looked after. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. This place is a scam, so keep browsing.   A few months prior to my attempted stay I told Heidi the reason for my trip, and her response was ""sounds good"", which should have raised SOME red flag to me. A few days prior to my trip I reached out to get clarity on the doorman instructions (which indicated there was a 24h deli on the corner that had her keys but there was nothing that fit that description on (Hidden by Airbnb) Maps), and she never responded.   When I arrived at the location, her name - or a variation of it - was not on the buzzer at all. I stopped into every restaurant on a corner to inquire about keys and got nothing. I wrote to Heidi again, and she never responded.   Thankfully, AirBnB themselves were great and got me a refund, and I was able to find a place to stay.   Heidi is a scammer. Learn from my mistakes and avoid this listing. Great location, nice flat, friendly host. Thanks! This is a scam. The host never responded to any messages and I had to wait a couple days after the reservations ended to receive my full refund after calling AirBNB a couple times.   DO NOT BOOK."	0
19	Overall the room was as expected, private space and a good size bed. The room faces a somewhat busy street and stays pretty noise till about 3am.     Easy to come and go as you please. Todd is an agreeable fellow, easy to talk to and very accommodating. It was great to have access to a clothes washer and big shower, as well as a few blocks walking to the Metro.   I had such a blast staying at Todds place!!    The room was clean, warm and bright, and actually quite large! So plenty of room to store your stuff. There is also an AC to keep the  place nice and cool during those hot NY summer days.     The apartment itself is conveniently located just a couple of blocks off the Montrose stop on the L-train, which makes travelling to Williamsburg/Manhattan super easy.     Todd and everyone else I met during my stay in the house were very nice & welcoming. The kitchen/living room area is a great place to kick back with some beers and hang out with the roommates (or anyone else who tags along!). Theres also a big garden in the back, so you can even go outside on sunny days if you want to!     All-in-all, my stay at Todds was wonderful, and I can really recommend the place to anyone whos looking for an affordable roof over their head in Brooklyn! Youre bound to make some new great friends out here :)    Cheers! Lappartement est simple (chambre climatisée quand même héhé!) mais absolument parfait pour ce que je venais y faire: visiter NY avec mon fils de 18 ans. Il correspondait parfaitement à mes attentes. Super ambiance, Todd est juste adorable, cest une personne très humaine et hyper agréable, pret à vous aider ou vous donner des conseils sur la ville si vous le souhaitez, et les autres personnes présentes dans lappart étaient hyper cool aussi. Cest un endroit où je me suis sentie libre,comme chez moi instantanément, il y a une bonne énergie dans ce lieu. On peut y cuisiner ou aller se poser dehors, chacun respecte lautonomie de lautre et ça jai beaucoup aimé, on vit ensemble mais ce nest pas envahissant. Jy retournerais sans hésiter lors dun prochain voyage. Merci pour tout Todd!!! Merci aussi à la charmante compagnie qui résidait en ce lieu quand jy étais, des personnes souriantes et heureuses de vivre:) We stayed for two weeks in Todds apartment and overall everything was very easy. Todd is a really lovely guy, we hung out with him a fair bit. Him and his housemates are always up for a chat. The apartment is busy with other travellers too.      The room is exactly as advertised, however just be mindful that the bedroom window is at street level and can be quite loud at night - lots of buses and trucks go past. You get used to it.    Todds apartment is really well located, good coffee, bagel shops and grocers 5 minute walk away. On the L subway line - really easy and quick to get to Bedford and Soho. If your looking for absolutely no frills, cheap and affordable, this is for you. Situated in between great eateries and excellent subway L train connections, the place is local and convenient. However, what was not great was the fact that 8 new people moved on during my 2 wk stay, which I was promised would not happen. Then the bathroom was a complete disaster. The old toilet bowl blocked twice which was absolutely disgusting. Perhaps because 8 people were using it in the space of 10 days.. The flat needs a good clean up ( spores on bathtub) and some organisation. Great if your a student and enjoy the grunge life, but Im a working professional and needed basic cleanliness. Im sure todds an awesome guy, didnt meet him and Im sure hell take this honest feedback and improve the great shell of an apartment.   Best wishes  Great location! Todd and his house mates are amazing. Lovely clean stay, great size room with air-con! Very chilled house that makes you feel at home instantly .  i lived from 16th to 29th of September in one of the two rooms Todds provides and it was really good. with me was the whole time a couple from Venezuela and for a few days a guy who was couch surfing.     my room was big enough for evry basics, there was no partying or too much noise. i never cooked but there was enough space for it. the bathroom was off course busy at some time. definitely a solid good place to stay for a while.    Todd was very nice, he even gave me a little laptop for the time. and as he was gone because of family business Roman was there.  both are pretty easy going guys, if there is a question they are willing and usually able to help.    the neighborhood was okay, not as hip as You see it a few blocks away. a living, not a sightseeing area. can be noisy on weekends, but not the whole night. so i needed my ear plugs not very often.    the room cant be locked, that should be mentioned. i felt safe with the people in the apartment but for a person that is not so trusting it might be a problem.     overall a very nice place to stay ! I stayed at Todds for a week and had a great time. The location was good, close to the L train, and a not very noisy street.  The apartment was clean, comfortable kitchen and bathroom, and the room was also great, clean and indeed cozy.  Above all, Todd and Roman were absolutely great, real nice and friendly.  Very recommended. I loved staying at Todds place. Both he and his flatmate, Roman, is really nice and helpful. They were inviting me to join them several times and it was nice to hang out with them when I had the chance. I felt very relaxed and at home within a second. Its nice to have an easygoing base to return to, since NY has so much excitement to offer. Its easy to get to and from the apartment. The room has everything you need.     Great place to stay! Great location, close to trains, Manhattan and a variety of cool bars and restaurants. Todd and his house mates are really wonderful! The house and the atmosphere are so cozy, makes you feel like at home. I ll definitely come back :) Thank u! Great location. Clean room. Pleasant atmosphere. This is a great place to stay if you want a laid back experience and instant new friends that are happy to hang out with you or invite you to a party or bar with them. Its kind of like staying with some old friends who happen to have an extra bedroom for you, but didnt necessarily go out of their way to scrub the kitchen and bathroom for your arrival. Definitely better if youre easy-going, social, stay up late and can go with the flow if somethings not what you expected. It is a street-level room facing the street, so expect to experience the NY street noise, as well as the comings, goings and conversations of your super nice temporary (Hidden by Airbnb) .  I had a great time in New York with Todd 1 and Todd 2! Both guys are really warm, friendly, laid back dudes, interesting and well-travelled, who  like to socialise and let their hair down while having a good yarn. Todd 1 was away looking after his mum over the holidays for much of the time that I was there and Todd 2 was a great host in his absence. He is something of an encyclopedia of local food knowledge if you want to know the best local places to eat (or where to buy the best and cheapest Ecuadorian hot ginger and honey drink for example!), and the location of the apartment is really great. Its close to the L line into Manhattan and decent walking distance from Williamsburg. East Williamsburg itself is a bit more diverse and multicultural than hipster WBurg, which is nice too, but there are HEAPS of really cool little bars in the surrounding block alone! I had one of my best nights in NYC at Duck Duck! And if you need real coffee, theres Cup two blocks away right next to Montrose station. And the best (vegan!) donuts Ive ever eaten across the road at Dunwell Donuts as well!The house is definitely suited to younger crew who are keen to meet new people and explore NYC and although both guys are out and working a lot, when schedules coincide, theyre heaps of fun to hang out with and both lovely and extremely generous guys ...  Todds place was a great place to stay during my NYC vacation. The room was cozy, the neighborhood laid back and Todd x 2 were caring and made me feel at home.   Pure dead brilliant! The lads are both easy going and the flat is nice, too. We stayed in couple of other places in NYC but this without doubt the best experience in the Empire City.    The fellas took really good care of us, gave tips where to go and what to do and I didnt mind the occasional pint neither.    If youre up for a laid back, this ones going to be your bet! The room is really cozy, clean and and comfortable and the apartment is lovely (it has a big livingroom and a nice garden).  The place is in a fascinating neighborhood, you can find everything you need near home and there are different kinds of pubs, clubs and restaurants.  Todd is a wonderful flatmate: he is very willing, tidy and friendly, a great company if you want to go out with someone who knows the city! In the apartment there are several rooms for rent, so if you are lucky (as I was!) you could also meet nice people from all over the world!  welllllllll-recommended!!!! Todd is a super nice guy! The place is described as a hippy traveler spot and it definitely is. I was looking for a spot super last minute and Todd was nice enough to come through. My stay was short and my only grip was the bathroom wasnt very clean. Possibly it was an off week. Not sure. On the bright side the AC works amazing for those hot NYC months.  Cute place! Very clean. Quiet. Close to lots of bars and restaurants. Todd is a great host. Had an awesome stay.  Accoglienza fantastica, host super disponibile, zona interessante e ben collegata! Consiglio vivamente:) Todd was so nice host!  Very kindness,friendly,funny,and cool! And also house was so cool,comfortable and nice location :)   And my recommend place is balcony! Drink beer at the balcony,it was so awesome time :) You will  like it :D I stayed for 1 month. Todd was very welcoming and accommodating. Its an awesome space, a real gem. The street gets noisy at times in the upstairs rooms, but nothing too bad. The location was perfect for anyone wanting to explore Brooklyn or Manhattan. Right next to a great Mexican restaurant too. I had a great stay! Todd was a great host! He was very easy to communicate with prior to arriving and really nice in person. He even invited me to come out and see a show! The apartment was cool and super easy to get to, only a few blocks from the subway. The neighborhood was great too with bars and restaurants nearby. The room was just as shown, clean, private, and affordable. This place was just what I needed and I would definitely stay here again. Thanks Todd! Todd was a fantastic host who helped us out heaps. His place was close to the subway and was  only 20min to Manhattan. Plus his cat Pablo was cute as! The reservation was canceled 6 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Todd and his housemates are all very nice and welcoming and Todd even invited me out with him a couple times which was very kind of him.  However, I had mostly a negative experience.    I arrived in Brooklyn at around midnight from London and Todd was working so I went to my sisters to wait until he got back. He was 20 minutes later than he said he would be and despite him saying that someone would open the door if I buzzed, they did not. Given I had been travelling all day I was pretty tired so not too happy about this, but understanding given he was at work.  During my stay I was woken up 3 times late at night in my 8 nights. Twice by Todd at as late as 6am, playing guitar in the lounge and making an unnecessary amount of noise for hours and once by one of his housemates at around this time as well.  Given one of these occurrences was on the Sunday night that I arrived and I was knackered I was less than pleased as this was extremely inconsiderate. I would have been fine with it this happened on the weekend but all 3 times were during the week.  Furthermore, the bed slats came out a few times and there were ants in the kitchen on the counters and table. A great, affordable place to stay! The room is comfortable with beautiful light in the mornings. The house is very chill and welcoming with cool backyard to get some sun.  Very easy to get to and from with plenty of bars and cafés within easy walking distance.    Tom was sweet and easy to communicate with. He was flexible with checking in and out. Plus, his cat Pablo is the best.    Another reviewer mentioned a lot of street noise, but I felt it was totally fine. The room is on the first floor, so some city noise is to be expected. But it was not a problem for me at all.    It is a great find. Todd was an amazing host and the apartment was excellent. I had just returned from a long trip and needed a place to set up for a 3 day conference in New York. Todds place was perfect. Todd is hospitable, friendly, generous, and invited me out a few times. I wish I had had more time as I certainly would have taken him up on the offer and look forward to staying with Todd next time!.  Todd was a great host! His place was all I needed and for travelers who want to explore Brooklyn/NYC it is the perfect spot.    I hadnt had time to prepare for 3 days of working in Brooklyn. It came down to the day that I would bus my way up. I went through 4 other AirBnB requests before finding Todd. The other Airbnb-ers werent able to work with my late arrival time but Todd was super chill and able to accommodate. I really just needed a roof over my head and Todd made it feel like I was crashing with an old friend. He made sure I had everything I needed and was very easy to reach.    His apartment was clean and homey.  The room was neat and comfortable to live in.  The area is nice and safe and its very easy to get to a subway stop.    I had to work during my time in NY so I only used the apartment to sleep and shower... but something about Todds apartment really gave me the travel bug! I remember getting in bed every night and wishing I had more time to explore the area or that I was in another country with another adventurous day ahead of me. Todd a été un hôte agréable et sympathique et sa colocataire était également très accueillante. Lappartement était bien situé, à 10 min du métro et environ 15min en Uber de Manhattan. Il était donc facile de se déplacer et dexplorer la ville.   La chambre était spacieuse et correspondait à la description. Elle donne sur la rue donc il faut sattendre à un peu de bruit mais rien danormal lorsquon est logé dans une grande ville.   Je recommanderais cet appartement aux touristes qui souhaitent profiter de tout ce que New York a à offrir en toute sérénité. Todd was a great host. I stayed with him for a few days while looking for an apartment. The first night we grabbed dinner nearby at a Mexican place on the block that he recommended. The food was excellent and I got to know him better. He was very welcoming and invited me out a few other nights as well. Hes got great recommendations for places to go and eat or resources to help you find shows and anything else you could want.  The neighborhood is fun, lots of bars, restaurants and easy access to go to Manhattan or other places in Brooklyn on the L line.  There was some street noise, but I slept fine with the AC on and it blocked most of the sound.  Id recommend ear plugs if you have a hard time sleeping with noise.  The room was clean and tidy when I moved in and it was great to crash or hang out there when I wasnt out. Also, be sure to play with Pablo, hes a great cat. Hes very sweet and affectionate.      Finally, just a tip for the shower, the hot/cold is reversed and was probably hooked up wrong whenever the places plumbing was set up years ago. I took a cold first shower before realizing that hot=cold and cold=hot on the dial. What a wonderful week I had staying at Todds.  A great neighborhood. A great home and a great host.  Everything was perfect including Pablo el gato! You will be hard pressed to find a better place ! Many thanks to an exceptionally hip host !! Tutto assolutamente perfetto e corrispondente allannuncio. Todd è una persona veramente carina ed ospitale! Suggerisco senza nessun dubbio di soggiornare da lui a Brooklyn e di visitare il quartiere, soprattutto Willamsburg (per chi ama la vita notturna, ma non solo), muovendosi da lì per Manhattan. Penso che per gli standard delle stanze in affitto a NYC, questa stanza sia anche molto spaziosa. Spero di poter tornare presto. Intanto consiglio questo host anche a ragazze che come me viaggiano sole e vogliono un quartiere dove poter girare e muoversi senza problemi. A presto, e grazie di tutto! Perfect. I was able to check in at a flexible time. Room was ready and smelling very nice. It big and has a lot of storage room. The bed is comfortable and it was not noisy at all.  It is very close to the train stop and food places are close-by. Todd was amazingly nice.  Id stay here again The neighborhood very is cool and Todd was very nice on the phone. Since it was the holidays he wasnt there but he made en effort to make things work even from far. The fact that i was coming in a short notice made it less optimal (we had communication problems) and also my reservation was approved for another room then the one in the pictures... (the one i though im having was already taken). even though it was an OK room, i would prefer to know it in advance, since it was in the basement i might have decided not to take it.  For those wanting an experience with the artistic and creative side of New York, you couldnt find a greater place or person to stay with. Todd was a great host and his apartment is in a great location close to two L train stations and near some cool independent bars and restaurants. (Hes near a Dominos too, which he highly recommends against lol). The room was spacious and comfortable, next to a bathroom, and he allowed me the use of his washer-dryer downstairs. Youll hear some street noise, of course, but youre in New York, so no escaping that no matter where you stay.  Ill be staying there again during my next visit this summer.  Simple, clean room close to the L train. Hosts were gracious and helpful. I would stay again! Todd and his girlfriend Ploy are such nice, welcoming and friendly persons. The appartment is very well located (Williamsburg/Bushwick), just two blocks away from Montrose Station (L train going to Manhattan).   The flat is large, cozy, clean with a little garden where you can enjoy a beer on a sunny day. I definitly recommand Todds place for a typical Brooklyn experience. Awesome place to stay! The host, Todd, is so accommodating and helpful. He went out of his way to make sure I was comfortable and showed me the best places in town. Perfect place to stay at whether youre visiting the city or just moved and need a temporary spot to transition in! Gute Unterkunft für einen Städtetrip. U-Bahnstation direkt um die Ecke. Todd und seine Mitbewohner sind total nett und hilfsbereit.  You re in Williamsburg so you are in an artistic neighborhood. Todd make me feel like at home. We play music, drink, can talk a lot together so thats cool! The airbnb is comfortable, well-decorated, close to the subway, situated in a cool neighbourhood. Todd and his roommate were very welcoming and gave me good advice about New York City! I totally recommend this airbnb! Great communication, good location near the L. Overall a smooth experience. Thanks! Great place with super friendly guys. Fantastic location too! Little bit of street noise but I had a great stay. Thanks! Todds room was ok but the rest of the apartment was dirty. It appears that the other tenants are not fully aware that The place is regularly rented on Airbnb. The room was nice, it is right off the street, so if you sleep light then this may not be the place for you.    Easy access to everything I needed and good conversations with the hosts The host canceled this reservation 4 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Youre probably not going to find a better deal in NYC than Todds place or a more authentic east Brooklyn experience. The apartment is super close to the subway so has easy access to the city, as well as a long-ish walk to the trendy part of Williamsburg or a super quick ride. I didnt see Todd or the other guests much at all during the two weeks I was there because I was working for most of the trip and Todd often works at night/guests go out exploring,  so it almost felt like having the place to myself. I did get to meet Todd though at the end and hes a cool and very hospitable guy. Maybe Ill see you there again this summer Todd! L’emplacement est bien à 5 Minutes de la ligne L qui va tous droit à Manhattan, la chambre est bien juste un petit bémol sur l’isolation de la fenêtre qui laisse passer le froid et c’est un peu bruîllant Car elle donne sur la rue . Dans l’ensemble parfait et Todd est un super hôte !!! Cool host and a great value, super close to the L. Todd was a lovely and incredibly considerate host. The space is comfortable and the location is perfect with easy access to Manhattan and other parts of Brooklyn. No complaints here!	1
20	The apartment was clean, tidy and just as the photos depicted. And great neighbourhood cheat sheet! Would recommend. Nieve has an amazing listing that will enhance your NY experience due to the amazing location. It was easy to find. Her room is super clean, sunny and is very cosy yet comfortable staying there. Her roomies took care of us and helped us. The bathroom was also very clean and comfortable for use. The apartment and room was very nice! Everything was very clean. The location was perfect, close to the subway and restaurants. Nieve also responds to messages very quickly! El cuarto de baño estaba un poco sucio pero el sitio es acogedor. Dos días no hubo agua caliente. La comunicación fue excelente. Nieve contestó siempre muy pronto y nos facilito tanto la llegada como la salida. La zona se ve segura y habia actividad hasta tarde por la noche. Hay un par de paradas de metro cerca, pero faltaba la linea 6 y no hay nada que ver sin coger el  metro. Good if you want a good localisation (near a lot of bars/restaurants and subway), maybe not if you want a luxurious and quiet place to stay.   Be aware of the 5 floors without elevator. 	0
21	Christine was an amazing host and her place is incredible. I was a last minute guest and she was happy to accommodate me. Her place exceeded expectations. Love the neighborhood. Love the light and space! Fantastic place for a trip in New York !!!   Very spacious, very nice, idealy located near all subways lines, lot of restaurants, bars...  Dont miss this place if you go in NYC its a must !   Julien One if the best airbnbs we have stayed in. Huge, generously equipped, very  comfortable (tho we wished there was a proper bed in the studio so that we could have claimed it for ourselves!), perfectly located. And Christine and Beanie are great hosts. Best place to stay in NYC. The host canceled this reservation 199 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. One of the best AirBNB’s we have stayed in. Christine is a lovely host and the apartment was extremely stylish, spacious, clean & comfortable. Amazing attention to detail. The place is in a great location. Would definitely stay there again. Great location and amazing apartment. Looks even better than the pictures and a great host.  Highly recommend. Wonderfull place and stay Fantastic host, location, and space!  Spacious, comfortable, very clean and lovely with a casual, eclectic NY/European sensibility.  Great communication and hospitality.  All neccessities and many incidentals are provided, lots of of thoughtful touches.  Better than the photos.   Christine was super responsive to questions before and during our stay.  Worth the money for quality, cleanliness, comfort, host and location.	1
22	Li was very responsive and helpful.  She provided a ton of great local tips for dining and entertainment.  We also left something behind in the apartment and she went the extra mile to get it back to us. Toilet water did not fill up because water pipe was closed so we could not use the toilet almost for a day and the room is smaller compare to the picture. Definatly not suitable for 3. Finally a roach came out so we had to kill it meaning apartment is not clean. Excellent place! A clean place, great location. This is a bare-bones place that is best thought of as a place to sleep only: tv (antenna) did not work, WiFi didnt work, space heaters (2 of the 3) didnt work, missing light bulbs and a running toilet. But hey, if you have $75 and a sense of adventure, the place is just fine; safe and secure and quiet. Our party could have cared less about the things that did not work so we never asked for repairs or things to be addressed. I suspect that those things (wifi, tv, space heaters, missing light bulbs) would have been addressed but what a pain that would have been and I think it might have been something of a comedy routine given the obvious oversights. Tip #1: figure out the check-in and check-out times carefully with the host. Keys are picked up and dropped off at a nearby bar on 9th. If the bar isnt open ( 11a daily) youre out of luck.  Tip #2: if more than $75/night, keep looking. You can probably do better. Tip #3: tall people beware: futon beds. Amazing location - 5min walk to Times Square! Li is a great host and gives great tips on what to do. Would def. stay there again! The host canceled this reservation 54 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Li’s place is super close to time square, broadway and the metro, which is very convenient and also affordable. We did not have a chance to meet Lo but the place is quite clean and cozy. Would definitely like to stay in the place again the next time I’m in New York ! Close to time square Value for the money. Li is very helpful This was our first Airbnb and the place was pretty much what we expected of an inexpensive Manhattan apartment.      We wished there had been a toaster for breakfast, didn’t realize the shower was in the kitchen or that you had to passs through the one bedroom to access the toilet but overall it was a great fit for the 4 of us.    There wasn’t much space with the teenagers sleeping in the living area but who spends time in their hotel/apartment when you are in New York City? Lis place was great! Couldnt have asked for a better location and Li was always available for questions. I would highly recommend this place and hope to stay here again in the future! Thanks For the price, it’s ok, just. It’s not clean, it’s pretty shabby and the shower is in what looks like a kitchen cupboard. The toilet also floods, which must be a frequent problem because there is a plunger next to the loo. But, it is just a few minutes from Times Square, and if you’re happy to eat out and use it just as a place to sleep, then it does the job - although it definitely wouldn’t sleep more than 2 or 3 people. The beds are very small and the main bed is very short, so that even a person of normal height (I’m 5ft 6) has to sleep diagonally. Oh, and the tap drips constantly, and there were bugs in the mugs in the cupboard.	0
23	My stay at Andres was awesome!  He was extremely welcoming and accommodative to my every need.  He gave me great advice on places to see and tips for exploring the neighborhood.  He is super attentive and made sure I was happy at all times.  He was the perfect host, hospitable, warm, and approachable.  I felt like I was in great hands at all times.     The apartment itself is in an amazing location in the East Village.  It was super clean and very well kept, and Andre was thoughtful enough to include a bunch of amenities youd expect at a normal hotel.  Its on a surprisingly quiet street in the middle of the usually chaotic East Village.  I slept like the baby each night, even on Friday and Saturday nights when it feels like the whole city is partying.  Andres also got a sweet book and movie collection!  Youre really getting the quintessential East Village experience at this location.    I would definitely stay here again.  The place is amazing and Andre is a great host.  You wont regret it!     We just got back from our wonderful visit to NY and the the PERFECT stay at Andres place. we could not have wished for a better home for us to b in. Clean, esthetic, beautifully aranged and decorated. simply a jem. it is a great space that is orginized amart and elegant. it has a beautiful kitchen ,work place ,living room and bedroom. including a great TV system to relax after along day of seeing the city.  Andre was there to explain everything and even show us around in the neibourhood. the area itself is sexy and artistic. we would definatelly come back if Andre would have us :) Andre was awesome and the apartment is spacious and well thought out. As a tight NY apartment, Andre has designed it perfectly - with an attention to detail that means you always have what you need. East Village location is in the heart of the fun and he provides ear plugs in case you are a light sleeper ;) Best value I have ever had on AirBnB - definitely recommend! Andre was a great host. Very attentive to details that make for a comfortable stay. Well appointed and stylish bachelor pad. Apartment is located in an energetic and lively area. Great value, as the nearest hotel to this area charged more $ for just a single room.  Andre was a great host, super easy to communicate with and very attentive. Andres place is amazing. Super clean, spacious and beautifully decorated. The location in the East Village was perfect. Its a lively area of town and it is close to so many other great areas - any direction you go. Great spot, highly recommended! Its a great apartment for a single person or couple. Clean and comfortable. The location couldnt be better. Andre is a courteous and trustworthy host. Communication was clear and prompt.  I would highly recommend this apartment. Home sweet home All as Andre advised, he was there to meet us for easy check-in.  Apartment is as per pictures and descriptions.  Close to everything and on first floor so handy for luggage, would stay again! Dres place is great. Amazing location, very large, well decorated and really cool. I highly recommend staying there. Dre was awesome. Thanks Dre! Awesome place to stay at!! Love the stay at Dres place - very clean and cool apartment, located at East Village where you can find all kinds of restaurants and it is close to the metro. Dre is responsive on communications and helpful on check-ins and check-outs.  I only was able to spend 4 days and Dre was a great host, super informative and I actually didnt need to contact him at all after the first day because everything was prepared and perfect. I had an two extremely early flights there / back home and he was very accommodating to both my check in and out times. The location is as great as the apartment, lots of great food, shops, night life. It was an amazing first stay in New York. Would recommend 10/10 and would stay again :)  A great apartment plus an amazing host thats the recipe for a 5-star AirBnB experience. Def recommended! Thanks again, Dre!  Dre was a great host, very welcoming and helped me get set up. His apartment was close to restaurants and very comfortable. Would stay here again in the future if its available. Andres place is the perfect East Village apartment. Right in the heart of the action youll get a great feel of what life in the East Village is like. The apartment has all you need for a comfortable stay. A fabulous location and close to shops, trains and everything needed. I would return in a flash. Loved it here so much I extended my stay. Hopped around the city a lot this summer and this location was the best in all of NY. Great host; quality taste across the board. Thanks Dre! Andre was very nice and helpful. The apartment is very well located, very clean and have lots of charm. Definetly better than a hôtel. Highly recommended. Dre was a very welcoming host, and recccomand us for a very good places to eat and drink in the area.  The apartment was even better than the pictures shows.  the location is amazing, near everything.   In the morning there is noise due construction work in the street.   Great apartment will come back.	1
24	"good Arrived in NY very early, and host Blake were kindly enough to meet us earlier then the schedule time, and allow us to drop off our luggages. This allow us to explore NY worry free. Have not met co host Erwin, but with his tips about the transit, we got familiar with the subway system and enjoy very much. A localização é simplesmente excelente!  Acredito que a limpeza do banheiro poderia ser melhor.  Ficaria outras vezes.    Obrigada pela atenção na chegada!    Flavia. Very comfortable stay and great location, walkable to all major attractions - food places/shopping/grocery stores.  Would highly recommend! & the host is great!  Erwins appartement was in a great part of town. It was clean and quiet.  It was a nice airbnb expeirence as we stayed at the heart of Manhattan, where you can find the nice restaurants, bars, and shopping within walking distance. Blake was waiting for us when we checked in, he was nice and gave us quick tour of the place. The place is cozy and clean, I will come back again when I visit NYC.  el apartamento tiene buena ubicacion, la habitacion esta bien para familia con 2 hijos. aspectos a mejorar: el baño es muy pequeño y necesita limpieza, el apartamento en general necesita pintura para que se vea limpio y por otro lado no es posible hacer uso de la cocina.. el mobiliario algo deteriorado, a los muebles le faltan cajones tiene buena calefaccion y suelo de parquet confortable. Good and friendly hosts  Erwins place was perfect! The heater at night made you forget how cold it was outside. Best place to visit if you want to get a more ""local"" feel to NY. Franz also gave great recommendations on restaurants within a 500 ft radius! Its convenience to go everywhere , and bed is very clean and confortable ,we enjoy ,thanks. Very comforble place to stay. Just a walking distance to Times Square and restaurants.  A great location for us, easy walking distance to Westminster Dog Show at the piers.  Very comfortable beds with lots of great restaurants close by. Big Thanks to Franz for Hosting us and all the Tipps, we appreciated it very much.  Very friendly and nice accommodation, also the location is perfect close to time square and Central Park  Erwins place is in an amazing neighborhood with great restaurants steps away and a short walk to Lincoln Center, Central Park and theatre district.  The apartment is small but very comfortable and well maintained.  We stayed Friday - Sun and there was a lot going on in the area- our room faced the street so there is normal street and nightlife sound so be prepared for this but the location and charm offsets any noise.  Amazing apartment right in the centre of such a beautiful city. Would highly recommend!  We enjoyed our stay at Erwins room very much. The apartment is very nice, clean and cosy. Even though we had cold weather the room was nice and warm. Erwin explained everything in the beginning and we had no problems. Also the location is great in a short walking distance to Times Square. It is a wonderful experience. Actually, it is my first time live in Airbnb, and it is amazing. The apartment has a convincing location and the room is comfortable. Franz (co-host) is very nice and friendly, and he gave us a lot of tips about NYC.  Excelente ubicación, la comunicación con Erwin y Franz fue súper, siempre contestaron todas mis dudas. El apartamento muy limpio. Cuando regrese ya sé dónde puedo quedarme      The location was walking distance to Times Square and the theater district and restaurants.  The room was immaculately clean, towels were soft and fluffy. Beds were comfortable. Erwin was a great host. You are sharing the bath with the other guest(s). The room is overlooking the street and might be too noisy for some. Erwin had earplugs available.   Didnt actually get to meet Erwin, but we did meet Franz who is the sweetest person ever. He was in great communication with us and had lots of recommendations on restaurants that were as good as he said. The room and apartment are super clean with comfortable beds and of course the location was very convenient. The apartment was shared with other Airbnb guests who were respectful and clean as well. Would book here again :) Closely located to Time Square, Restaurant Row and Theatres. Easy to get around by walking, biking or metro.  We got good tips for restaurants and what to do.   The location near Lincoln Center is ideal. Bring earplugs to reduce the street and stair noise. Be ready to share a tiny bathroom not with the hosts but with other guests.  Location location location! Just do it. Great area for any foodie. Biked Central Park, walked to Broadway show and MOMA. Beds and pillows were amazing! Erwins place is such a good place for staying in NYC. The location is perfect because it is really close to the times square, the central park and to the metro station. Also, you have access to many restaurants and bars. The apartment is so clean and well organized. All in all, it is a very good option! We didnt meet Erwin but communication with his friend Franz, who checked us in, went perfectly. The room looked as described, beautiful and clean. Ear plugs are recommended because the room is located to the front side of the house with street and pub noise.    Great location, deli, delicious breakfast places, restaurants and bars just nextdoor. Close to the Subway and bus. Be prepared to share with other guests , not the owner of the apartment. Don.t forget earplugs ! Would definitely stay there again We had a great time here! Our room was nice and spacious, facilities and such were great. Whenever there was an issue our hosts were very responsive to our questions! Loved that there were so many cool restaurants & coffee shops nearby. I would definitely recommend this place! This was the most amazing Airbnb. The beds were incredible comfortable and the communication with the host was simple and responses were almost immediate. The location could not be more perfect. We were able to walk everywhere that we visited, and catch a subway nearby when we wanted to go downtown. I will most definitely be booking with this Airbnb again when I decide to come visit NYC in the future.  Erwins place is in a great location, just a block from transit that will take you literally anywhere you want to go in the city as well as walking distance to restaurant row, the theatre district, Central Park and more! Bring earplugs if you are a light sleeper, as New York is a busy city at all hours. The beds were comfy and the room was clean and as shown in the pictures. Overall great stay! :) Great stay!  Excelente ubicación,  cerca de restaurantes y trasporte público! Limpio y muy cuidado, Muy espacioso!  A pesar de ser dos camas matrimoniales lo ideal sería para dos personas ya que se comparte el baño con otra habitación. Great location, excellent hosts, the apartment was spotless and within easy walking distance to Times Square. We had a lovely time in NY and cant wait to go back again!  Appartement très bien situé et équipé dune excellente literie. Ne prétend à rien dautre que dormir et se laver. Cuisine présente mais le peu de matériel la rend inutilisable, seul le frigo et le micro-onde le sont. Erwin brille par son absence: après avoir traversé une bonne partie du globe, on trouve une porte close, en essayant pendant 1h de joindre désespéramment lhôte... Heureusement que son ami Raoul sest déplacé, une nuit dhotêl en moins sur la facture. Encore merci à Raoul, pour ses conseils sur NY (restaurant) et sa disponibilité. La chambre donnant sur la 9th Avenue, beaucoup de bruit, donc prévoyez des boules quies (earplugs). Enfin, les hôtes avec qui nous partagions lappartement étaient fort sympathiques."	1
25	The host canceled this reservation 31 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Nicoles apartment is an excellent place to stay! It was very clean, and super stylish. The location is close to tasty coffee shops, restaurants, and a good subway stop. Overall, definitely recommended! The host canceled this reservation 3 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Has everything you need Nice place to go and visit Manhattan with good location.	0
26	"We loved (Auntie) Freda! She was so inviting and sweet! She welcomed us into her home with a tour on Astoria and Bagels and Water etc! We were very busy with going to NYC Mets baseball games , but she was understanding of our late night arrivals. We completely understood that she requested we keep lights off, Chargers unplugged and shower once a day - NYC is expensive!!! Its totally reasonable! We will definitely  stay with Auntie Freda again if we have the chance! Such a sweet and loving woman! At Fredas home we spento a wonderfoul holiday.  The house is located in Astoria,a neighborhood perfect size, quite and comfortable. The metro station is just five minute from the Fedas house. Shes an Host welcoming and friendly. I recomand this accomodation to those who intend to spend vacation in NY. The only tip I can give Freda, is to report that during winter   the room does not have access to the garden  so whitout window. Greetings to Freda and I would say Her that she remain in My heart La habitación de Freda, es cómoda, muy limpia y tranquila. Se encuentra ubicado en un lugar muy seguro. y Freda es una mujer encantadora, amable y muy colaboradora; no sólo nos recibió, sino también nos orientó en todo momento. Tuvimos la oportunidad de compartir con ella y nos encanto. Gracias nuevamente por tu amabilidad, atención y hospitalidad, tía Freda!!!  Freda is a very friendly, caring person. Upon arrival I was greeted by Freda and her friend, and Freda took her time to drive me around the neighborhood so that I could see where the subway station, grocery stores and restaurants were located. She also offered me some fruits from time to time - especially the fresh cherries she picked from her garden were the best!  The room was comfortable, too. It was very convenient to have my own bathroom with a toilet and a vanity unit, because it minimized the need to use the shared bathroom for me. It was also nice to have access to the garden, which had fruit trees such as cherry, pear, and peach, and also beautiful roses.   In summary, I had a wonderful time staying at Fredas place! This was my first time using Airbnb, at the suggestion of my daughter, Erika, who frequently uses it. Needless to say, I was a bit on edge with the modern technology. However, my stay with Freda turned out to be a joy and a blessing. She was warm, hospitable, caring and giving. My stay was so exceptional in which there are no words to describe. She, absolutely, is the hostess with the mostest!  I will definitely go back!!! Freda was very friendly and helpful during our stay in Astoria.  The garden room was just as pictured--sunny and cozy.  My very favorite part of our stay was the private entrance to her beautiful backyard. I spent many lovely mornings there.  It was also wonderful to have a private 1/2 bath attached to our room.  I would definitely stay at Fredas again. Lo mejor de la estancia en casa de Freda fue la ubicación. Aunque no se encuentre en Manhattan, Astoria es una zona realmente tranquila y bien comunicada. A 20 minutos en metro desde Ditmars Astoria a Times Square. Tanto de dia como de noche no sentimos inseguridad en ningún momento. Respecto a la estancia, existen algunas normas como descalzarse, no hacer ruido a partir de las 23h ni usar la cocina, no lavar ropa, no dejar comida en la habitación, acompañar siempre el pomo de la puerta, apagar las luces... Básicamente es un lugar donde ir a dormir y cenar comida preparada o precalentada en el microondas (sólo facilita platos de plástico) en el jardín que tiene acceso directo a la habitación. El cuarto tiene baño propio (existe otro baño en la casa pero en ese sólo se puede usar la ducha -teniendo cuidado de no dejar pelos-) y se debe sacar diariamente la basura del baño puesto no se puede tirar papel dentro del WC. En la casa hay otras habitaciones ocupadas por huespedes pero estando de vacaciones raramente coincidimos. Cabe decir que el primer día Freda nos dio una vuelta en coche para conocer el barrio y el último día nos preparó struddel a modo de despedida. Abstenerse fumadores (le molesta el olor en la ropa) y ateos. Overall it was a great experience at Fredas. We arrived really late and she was very understanding, she welcomed us even late at night!   The neighborhood was great, the house was really close to the metro station which is only 15 minutes away from Manhattan. Safe neighborhood with many shops and restaurants.  I moved to NY with my teenage daughter ahead of my husband while she started school and I needed to hunt for an apartment to rent for our family and under this unusual circumstances Freda was above and beyond any host. We were treated like we were at my aunts house. She made some exceptions for us to have quick-to-grab essentials food by making a little space in her fridge. She showed us around in her car once we arrived and pointed out restaurants, grocery stores, train, where you get more value for your buck, etc. She also invited me to have a home cooked greek meal she made for lunch at her garden and the salad was made with cucumber and tomatoes from her garden. We stayed during an unexpected mild heat wave and when I requested a fan, very swiftly arranged for us a tall fan to use and she did this all within an hour and while stepping aside from a family situation (which I found out later). She shared her friends phone numbers that she thought might help me look for an apartment. She is a friend now in NY and as soon as I settle we will arrange to have coffee and invite her over for a meal. So, yes, go and stay at her place and for those that complaint in some other reviews that she is too ""strict"" please be mindful that by laying down some rules ahead and keeping them is the only way to manage unknown guests at your own home that arrive with their own minds and ways of doing things. The rules are all sensible and it is the only way to find a middle ground to say the least. Good luck and enjoy your stay!"	1
27	Dave is an excellent host, humble and kind. His home is definitely a great space with everything you could possibly need. Dave was rarely around but always a phone call or message away if needed. Will definitely come back to stay again. Thank you for your hospitality. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Dave was a good host. Would recommend for the person looking for a place that is cheap and has the basics. It is a room that has no windows but there is an lamp and a tv with a dresser. I stayed for two weeks while I waited to move in my actual apartment.  Dave and his other roommates were nice and I felt comfortable. I loved that the location was easily accessible. It was very close to a major subway station. Direct line to the airport and Manhattan. Cozy room with nice and accommodating host. Location made it super easy to get to subways that take you to any part of Manhattan or Brooklyn. Neither the photos of the room nor local description match the truth. My room had no window. The bed took up almost all of the space.  Although an effort for cleanliness was apparent, the fittings, cupboards etc in bathroom and kitchen were close to decrepit so difficult to clean. . A single ply wood panel separated two bed rooms. My only recomendation is to avoid Daves offer.  The place is ok and, although I barely met them, Dave and his family are good people. It takes about 40 minutes to Penn Station/Port Authority. Just dont choose this place if you are somewhat claustrophobic because there is no window. Conveniently located,and the host reply very quickly!	0
28	PROS: - Great value for money - Perfect location (1 stop to Manhattan and just minutes walk to Brooklyn Bridge) - Stylish and big room - Own bathroom - Smooth communication - Descent wifi - Clean and tidy - Comfortable bed  CONS: - None The host canceled this reservation 71 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 62 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The apartment is really well furnished and with a great view on Manhattans skyscrapers.  There is a big kitchen that you can use and a cozy living room to chill out.  The room has a private bathroom and the house is pretty close to the underground.  Perfect place to stay for a week or more in NYC! :) It was so dirty and disgusting. We couldn’t stay there.	0
29	"Adam is the most thoughtful host! His apt was super clean and is in a great location in the LES. He was super considerate and helpful with anything we needed and made great suggestions for nice bars and restaurants in the area... He even had bagels, fruit and other nice snacks for us. He definitely gets a 5 star rating for the nice chocolates he left as well. I would absolutely recommend staying at Adams :) Nuestra experiencia en casa de Adam ha sido bastante positiva. Adam es una persona educada, hospitalaria y muy respetuosa. además, pasa mucho tiempo fuera de casa y nunca cocina. los aspectos negativos que nos encontramos fueron que no tuvimos internet hasta pasados dos días y que la cocina no estaba equipada. tuvimos que comprar sartén y cuchillo para poder cocinar. además, el sofá era inservible por lo que no pudimos hacer uso del salón. la ubicación es bastante buena porque tiene el metro bajo de casa.   Our experience at Adams home has been quite positive. Adam is a polite, hospitable and very respectful person. also spends a lot of time away from home and never cuisine. the negatives were that we did not have internet until two days and that the kitchen was not equipped. We had to buy pan and knife for cooking. addition, the sofa was useless so we could not use the room. the location is pretty good because it has subway station next to home.  Adams place was great!  Clean, tidy, and more than comfortable, not to mention very conveniently located, but maintains its quietness.  As for Adam, an awesome guy and very accommodating!  Thanks again!!! Great experience! Adam is a great host, very nice and always ready to help. The apartment is very clean, the apartment is all what you need to visit NYC. The bed is upstairs and a little bit hard. The bathroom is excellent, Adam even left shampoo and soap for us. Definitely recommend! I can into town for a quick interview last minute and found Adams spot.  He was lightening quick to respond and setup / approve, and left me muffins and OJ for a morning snack.  Would recommend! Everything worked out great.  Adam was very responsive.  He left me a nice breakfast as well as a box of chocolates.  We hardly saw each other but that was OK.  Thanks Situé dans un quartier très agréable et bien desservi, le logement dispose dun grand espace pour New York. Le lit 2 places en mezzanine est très confortable.   Adam est très attentif à ses invités et va au devant de tous leurs besoins. Cest un hôte discret, calme et qui fait tout pour être amical. Adam was a great and welcoming host. He prepared everything so we could easily access the flat the day we arrived. We especially enjoyed that Adam was very fast to answer any questions we had and our emails or sms. Everything was really nice and according to pictures and description of the place : very nice and vibrant neighborhood, clean flat (room, bathroom, kitchen).  We did not get to hang out with Adam too much as we spent a lot of time exploring the city, but Adam is a very friendly, welcoming and smiley person. Adam was very nice. He was polite and courteous. We had no problems staying with him. We  gladly would stay with him again.  Adam is a very nice host, and the appartment is as descibed, and clean. A very good way to visit NYC, dont hesitate ! Friendly host!  Adam was very friendly and welcoming and helped make our stay an enjoyable one . The apartment was as described , the only drawback for me being the bed was a bunk for 2 people and for people of a certain age was difficult enough to access. That being said we had a great stay . The neighbourhood is in Chinatown and easy walking distance to several other areas and about 5 minutes from the tube . On the first morning Adam came with us on the tube to show us where we were going , a very kind act . Place was quiet and clean. Adam was very accomodating and cooperative. He even left us with food. I would like to mention one point it was pretty cold during our stay and we were not given any blankets. That was the only negative point i could think off. Rest place was good and near to the subway station  too.  Adam was wonderful!  He was very willing to give us suggestions about restaurants in the neighborhood.  When we experienced a flight cancellation on our departure date, he was extremely responsive and helpful.   Five stars, Adam!   Adam was a great host. The place was fine. Location was perfect. Adam was very nice and accommodating to our needs. His place is nicely furnished and an ideal location within the lower east side. The price per night cannot be beat! Pros: Adam was very flexible and accommodating of my requests. Very prompt responses. Location was near several subway stops.   Cons: Lofted bed was shaky and somewhat small for my 63"" frame. Had a fight occur outside my window both nights so I didnt sleep well. Future guests should keep in mind that they are staying in Chinatown so it might get rowdy/loud at night.  Adams place is in a tenement building in Lower East side. 5 mins from Essex/ Delancey tube / metro station. Building was quiet, with families and another couple in the building. Its a good budget option for the area - and direct route in from JFK on the J/Z train. Adam was speedy on pre booking. I think the experience of being in Adams pad varies depends on his work life! Home from home? I wasnt really expecting to have to pick up sheets, pay for them, change them, empty bins and clean the plug hole before getting into the shower! Think his usual handover person wasnt around. And overall, its tidy as I get the impression Adam isnt there much. I was also lucky the previous guest was there to let me in - Adam had been stuck in the office. As a slightly plus sized person (16+) I found the raised bunk bed (see the bedroom photo - NOT the purple sofa cover photo  - thats the sitting room - nd also not too comfy) not so comfy - but wasnt a disaster.  The bonus points of this room are budget, that Adam is hardly there, and youll get access basically to a private flat, good shower, good location, close to restaurants and tenement museum, good wifi, good air con. Bad points - need to the number of the flat in itinerary , fridge noise at random hours, bed not great/  intro info or sheet with handover/ intro points to city (were the tea bags / fruit and bread for us?/ which toiletries ok to use/ instructions re door/ few basics re city - metro card etc? ) Mr. Adam is a nice person and we were received well.  We are a couple of age above 60 years and was difficult for us to climb the bed which is at height of 6 feet with narrow steel ladder was difficult for us. Also the room is very small with one chair and table below the bed. Apartment is on level 4 without lift. Though we had booking for 2 days, we shifted to a relative after staying for a night.  The landlord is zealous. The position is accurate with convenient traffic. However, streets around the house are dirty, not smell well. And the room is relatively small.  Thanks Adam! We had a great stay and you were a wonderful host:)  Die Beschreibung des Zimmers und der gesamten Wohnung traf sehr gut zu. Adam war ein super Gastgeber. Er hat alle meine Fragen ausführlich und schnell beantwortet und uns auch Tipps gegeben, wo man beispielsweise in der Gegend am besten frühstücken kann. Die Lage der Wohnung in Lower Eastside / Chinatown war für unsere Zwecke absolut perfekt. Besonders positiv fiel uns die Sauberkeit auf. Man fühlte sich absolut wohl. Adam est un très bon hôte, toujours prêt à rendre service. Séjour agréable. Cependant un petit peu plus de vaisselle comme 2 mug et bouilloire serait bienvenue dans lappartement. Très bien situé pour visiter Manhattan. Adam was welcoming and accommodating from the first moment we began our communication. We had full run of the place, and Adam was quick to respond to our questions. The room was as described, a loft bed (high bunk) with space below for luggage, and a closet. This worked great for us, but if you have physical limitations, this may not be the bed situation for you. The air conditioning unit in the bedroom was greatly appreciated and well utilized during our stay. The apartment is comfortable, clean, tidy, and open. It is on a comparatively quiet street, and within easy walking distance to the surrounding neighborhoods. Good cafes and dining found nearby (Goa Taco on Delancy and Pho Grand on Grand were awesome). Subway access is a few blocks away and easy to sort out. Adams apartment is a great place to stay if you want to get to know different neighborhoods outside of the big tourist areas, but with easy access to those attractions via subway. It is perfect for the independent traveler.   Great convenient and clean place to stay, host was super friendly. Would recommend! Adam was very friendly and accommodating.  The price was completely reasonable, and the location of the apartment was extremely convenient.  Would definitely recommend for anyone needing a place near Chinatown! Nice simple accommodations in a really great and convenient area of the city. Just what we were looking for! Last minute accommodation too, so this was really helpful.  Adam was such a great host! He was kind and so helpful. It was my first time in NYC and he made it so much less stressful. He was always quick to make restaurant suggestions or fun places to go. His apartment was super clean  and he had fresh towels and linens ready when I got there. The apartment is in a really convenient area with lots of great places within walking distance. I have nothing but positive things to say! Thank you again Adam!!! You were the best!!:) Adam was very friendly. Room was clean and location was great. Metro station is near by, would defeneatly recomend Adam as a host. Adams place was great. The apartment is located on the Lower East Side of lower Manhattan, adjacent to China Town and a 20 minute walk to Brooklyn Bridge. There are three subways that are relatively close.     However, prior to booking we had trouble getting into the apartment as the super-intend had to buzz us into the corridor and direct us. The apartment is on the 4th level. At the time we didnt have any mobile access to contact Adam, however there was a local Dunkin Donut shop near by for us to use Wifi.     Overall, the sleep was comfortable we had no problem. The space is great for a night sleep and venture off into NYC. Would definitely recommend Adams apartment for your future stay. Great host, excellent, clean place to stay. Adam was very hospitable and flexible with our check in needs and the apartment is right next public transportation and necessary shopping destinations. Do be aware that loft-style bed frame is a bit rickety, so we had to move the mattress to the floor where it was more secure. This was awesome! Thanks Adam! So glad that my first guest were Adam. The apartment is very good, near to the Subway and clean. Adam are so polite and nice. Amazing experience. Thank you for everythinh Adam. Convenient accommodations; locale, and room and bath.  Our host even brought us breakfast. Thanks and keep up the good work!  We had a great weekend in NY stating at Adams apartment. Even though he work schedule was crazy and we never got a chance to meet, the apartment was clean and well prepared. The location was super convenient to all the amenities of china town, the lower east side and Italian village. A great experience overall, thanks Adam! Adams place is located in a great location (lower east side) with easy access to subway, cafes, bars and restaurants.   The place is clean, with all the amenities that you require.    Adam was a great host and very responsive to any questions or queries.  Thanks Adam for a great week!  Adams place was in a great location, close to the subway, bars, and cafes.   Nice and clean, with all the amenities required.  Adam was a very helpful and responsive host who will be happy to help you with whatever questions / request yous have.   Thanks Adam for a great week! Adam was very kind with us.  The room was a bit small but good enough for a couple of night.  The position is too close to downtown and midtown, easely accessible by feet.  Three subways station are also very close.  I suggest Adam house vively. The apartment is in a very good location, Adam did not fail to contact us in advance, navigate and was really helpful with tips how to get round.   Apartment is clean and prepared it be used with all toiletries.     Few surprises in the way but overall airbnb ad is presenting exactly  what you will get.  Adam was a great host, very helpful and kind. The host canceled this reservation 7 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Adam is a very friendly and helpful host. The communication in the approach, ran smoothly. The room corresponded to the pictures and was very clean, like the whole flat. Only the high-level bed was a little bit ramshackle, but comfortable. We slept well in it. The situation is great, because you easily reach the hotspots with the Subway and the stations are near the flat. The area is not the most cultivated, but we felt always safe and at night, it was quiet. The flat has corresponded to our expectations and we have liked the stay there. Adam was a great host and had a very nice place ! It was very well situated with a metro stop nearby and short distance to all tourstic attractions. The room was clean, pretty spacious, with a very nice bed and everything you needed. Adam made the stay pleasant by being very responsive and giving us nice privacy. We can only recommend Adam and his place everyone!  Adam was very pleasant and accommodating even for our last minute trip. Easy communication. No hassle at all. Provided us with towels to use and wifi access. Lower east side is a perfect place to stay if you want to shop and lots spots to eat at near by. Subways are also near this location.  However if youre elderly this might be harder for you since theres no elevator and theres quite a few flight of stairs to reach the apartment. This would be one of the cons.  If youre sight seeing and will be out all day, and just really need a place to sleep for a few hours and shower and head back out this is perfect.  Adam was very welcoming. He was very friendly and helpful. The problem we had was that the promotion of his apartment rental was not clear. We thought his apartment was ours to rent for 5 nights, not just his bedroom only. We were not aware that he (and his sister) were sharing the space. It was clear that we were just sleeping in his bed while he slept in the living room outside the bedroom. His closets, draws, etc. were full of his clothes with no place for us to put any of our clothes for the 5 days causing us to live out of our suit cases. In his advertisement it wasnt made clear that he would be there in the non work hours. We assumed when we scheduled the apartment that Adam would be gone for those days, out of town or somewhere as other owners are in many cases. Weve talked to other AirBnB renters since who had just that experience. Adam needs to be more clear that he will be sharing the space while renters are there at least in the evenings.  Adams a great host.  Hes extremely accommodating and very laid back.  Hes got a great spot in the Chinatown/Lower East Side.  The room was great, comfortable mattress, not overly bright in the morning which was appreciated for sleeping past sunrise.  The apartment was quiet and the street noise was minimal.  Well definitely look to stay here again.  Thanks for everything Adam!  The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. I had a great experience staying with Adam on the Lower East side. He was very accommodating and provided us with good recommendations on things to do in the area. As this was my first time using Airbnb Adams apartment exceeded my expectations Adams place was great. Comfortable room and bed. He was also very nice to accommodate my arrival schedule - meeting me at a location in Mid-own to hand off the keys.   The location itself is great. Tons of different subway lines near-by and plenty of cool bars/restaurants/ cafes etc to duck into. I would certainly stay at Adams again! Adams place was great - great location, good size, and clean. Adam was an excellent host - really quick to respond to messages, and helpful for tips around the neighbourhood.  Appartement bien situé. Adam est un hôte très gentil et disponible. Adam was a lovely host! His apartment was clean, welcoming, and very quiet. Prior to leaving for the day, Adam ensured that we had everything we needed. He was even kind enough to ask if we already had an itinerary or if we wanted some suggestions for places to eat or sights to see. His neighborhood was also easy to navigate and well-situated for everywhere we needed to go, with several options for convenient parking as we drove in. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting."	0
30	"Wonderful apartment and friendly host!  We stayed at Denises place for one full week and we have no complaints what so ever.  Everything looks just like the pictures, its spacious, clean and has a great kitchen and large bathroom. We where 3 people (a 4th person for one night, which Denise didnt crave extra payment for) and slept in a twin-sized bed in the bedroom and a twin-sized sleeping-coach in the livingroom. There was good wifi in the apartment and a tv with a lot of channels. The bus stops right outside the frontdoor and the subway was Only a few (maybe 5) blocks away..  The neighborhood was very safe and there are a lot of markets and cafes etc. in walking distance. Denise left the entire ppartment for our usage and even though she is very busy she was available if we needed to contact her and she was very helpfull and nice. We would defenitly stay there again! - Oddny, Ali and Gudmundur Denise was great to talk to and very responsive. Viví en casa de Denise durante 2 meses. La casa es bastante similar a lo que se ve en fotos, grande, luminosa y ordenada. Si bien el barrio no me pareció un lugar muy seguro, jamás me sucedió nada extraño ni negativo. Hay un Laundry service y un supermercado a pasos del departamento. El metro M y J están a 10 minutos caminando. Además pasa un bus justo afuera de la casa que te deja en Kosziusco subway station. Recomendaría esta casa si estas buscando algo barato y cercano al downtown de Manhattan. Sugeriría arrendar todo el departamento y no solo una pieza como yo lo hice, para evitar roces de convivencia. Si no se puede, recomiendo conversar todo de antemano con Denise. I stayed at Denise appartement a little but more than 2 months.  The appartement itself is really nice, as described in the pictures and clean. The room might be a little bit too small for a long term travel but it suited my needs.  I didnt feel safe in the neighborhood at the beginning but I have to say that there was nothing to worry about. In the end, I was happy Ive stayed in Brooklyn because I would have never visited it if I havent been living in the neighborhood.   In any case Denise is a really nice person, she was always ready to give a hand. Sharing apartment with her was really easy.  I do recommend it if you are travelling alone and staying for a short period of time.   Our host was so accommodating to our crazy schedule. Our flights came in at various times when we arrived and she was willing to be up late for us. We kept a late night and early morning schedule with so much to see and do in ""the city that never sleeps"" it didnt feel like we slept much but the odd hours didnt seem to disturb her. The place was clean. "	0
31	We really enjoyed staying at Evgeniis place. It was very pleasant and relaxing. My friends and I had a great time out on the private backyard (which is pretty big). Suitable for a peaceful evening and a barbecue. The apartment has plenty of space for 4 people. Very bright and clean. The bathroom is modern and spacious. The kitchen has everything we needed to make breakfast and simple snacks. Highly recommended! The apartment in which we stayed was very clean, cosy and modern. Suitable for a small family, you can make dinner on the private backyard. Shower pretty large and comfortable. Eugene was very attentive and helped in everything.  The host canceled this reservation 22 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Evgeniis place is a nice quiet place. The house is pretty decent with nice big beds. Metro is 10-15 mins walk from his place and all other necessary stores like grocery etc. are very near to his apartment. The apartment is very comfortable and cozy, the kitchen has everything necessary for a long stay and there is a laundry room in the building ($ 2). The bed is super comfortable and the street is quiet as well. Evgenii always answered our messages quickly.  Problems :The distance from middle town and downtown, theres a bus stop 5 min-walk, but Subways and train stations are quite far.. the apartment is also part of a duplex, so you should be careful to not disturb people upstairs, and the internet didnt work for the last 2 days we stayed there. we had an amazing experience. Great hospitality and very stylish interior. Near to all the important locations. Amazing place!!! I was very disappointed with my stay. I contacted Evgenii 3 hours prior to my arrival and did not receive any information about accessing the apartment. I waited 2 hours outside of the apartment for Evgenii to give me instructions. The instructions were extremely unclear and Evgenii was still difficult to reach. Evgenii only sent me a code. He didnt inform of the location of lockbox or his apartment number.   When I finally entered the apartment, it smelled of mold. I looked around the apartment and noticed that the bedding was stained, the pillows were black from not being changed, the furniture had white spots all over,  the bathroom floor had molding, the sink was stained with dirt, the glasses had unidentifiable substance on it and so much more. Before using the shower, I actually had to clean it. The were towels, so I had to buy one. I had karaoke reservations for my bday but I had to change the time because I didnt get into the apartment on time. Also, the bathroom ceiling was leaking. Evgenii didnt have any information about the wifi, I had to ask him for that. Please save yourself the trouble.	0
32	Great central location for our family trip and good sized apartment for NYC! The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great stay, great location and very good communication. Was great to be introduced to NY via Ronis place. Recommend to anyone who wants to experience young, clean and welcoming side of NYC!  Bonjour,  On  vraiment été bien accueilli par Michael qui s exprime dans un anglais très clair.. Nous avons pu lui envoyer des messages avant notre voyage pour les heures darrivée .. Le logement est bien situé à Manhattan puisque il est sur la 26ème rue et entre la 2ème et 3ème avenue .. il y a possibilité de prendre une navette de bus M23 dans la 23 ème rue ( comme son nom lindique ) soit à langle de la 2ème( plus court ) ou de la 3ème rue  pour filer 2 stations plus loin dans lavenue de Broadway ou vous pouvez prendre un Métro R, W pour aller sur Times Squares ou le bas de la ville ( Downtown) ou sur l avenue Park Avenue pour prendre un métro 6. L appartement est dans une cour intérieure sécurisée par une porte à code, et un code est sur la porte dentrée également donc aucune clé à emporter avec soi .. Dans la cour il y a un petit salon extérieur pour fumeurs et autres et votre propre mobilier de jardin sur la petite terrasse.  On a passé un bon séjour dans ce logement ;à conseiller pour 2 , le lit de la chambre est adapté pour dormir. En revanche le canapé est convertible et pour une personne ça va ( nous étions 3 ) .. Pour 4 je pense que ce serait difficile de pouvoir dormir correctement sur celui ci. Merci encore à Michael pour les explications et sa disponibilité pendant le séjour ( vous pouvez le joindre à tout moment sur (Hidden by Airbnb) ) Would not recommend this place at the price or is being offered	0
33	Rinas place is the cutest thing..  The room and beds were very comfortable and we spent a lovely night there.. it was really close to all of restos and the subway station was just around the corner  Thanks for having us ! 숙소는 에어비엔비에 제시된 그대로 였습니다. 호스트가 외출 중이여서 직접 우리들을 맞이 하지는 못하였지만, 대신 친절하게 메모를 남기고 갔습니다. 집은 잘 정돈되어있고 편리하며, 지하철과의 거리가 가까웟습니다. Great trip in a great spot. Very clean house with friendly and helpful roommates, and their cute dog. Room was great easily slept my friend and I. City is super accessible from this spot. However, the neighborhood itself is really cool. Great spot, nice people.  Great. Recommend! I enjoyed staying at Rinas place. Her room is nice and cozy. Very convenient to get to the city and everything Astoria has to offer.  My stay at Rinas place was great.  Friendly roommates, friendly dog and great location!  Id surely stay again. A nice place close to the Astoria station. The room is big a roomy. 2 can stay very easily. Rina was awesome in allowing us to check in early so that we can rest instead of being stuck in the airport. I stayed just for a night and had flight from LGa airport next morning. Host is very responsive and provided the great directions. Location is good as its very close to subway/bus stop as well as LGa airport which is just couple of miles from there. Overall I like the place as it met my requirement. What more could you ask for? Great location, awesome hosts and welcoming through our whole stay. Just a couple steps away from the subway and bus stops. Couldnt have been better! Stanza molto carina,ubicata in Astoria nel Queens,metropolitana a pochi metri da casa,si raggiunge il centro di Manhattan in 20 min.La Host ti accoglie e ti aiuta sin da subito,è molto gentile. Se cercate un bel posto per la vostra vacanza a New York,anche calcolando il fattore qualità-prezzo,è cio che vi consigliamo vivamente! The place was very close to the subway like 1 minute walk which got us connected to the rest of the city. The area is quite safe at night too. There are some lovely eateries around and the neighborhood was a delightful mix of people from different parts of the world. The people in the house were very friendly and helpful. There is a cute little dog too. My husband and I love dogs so we were happy to see her too. The only issues we had was with the sound of the train which I guess is natural considering the house’s proximity with the train. Also, the room was kinda dusty and not very bright. But since we were only there for a night and two days and we were out most of the time, it was fine.	1
34	My stay at Sachas place was perfect! She responded quickly to any questions I had beforehand as well as when I was on my way to her apartment. During my stay, Sacha was out travelling so I shared the flat with her two friends, Katie and Paul, who are extremely nice and easy going people. They were always up for a chat and gave me some good tips about Manhattan and Brooklyn.  The room was great, lots of natural sunlight, quiet and perfect for when you get back after being all day out in the city. The area is also very nice, there are lots of restaurants and bars close to the apartment and the subway is about 10 min away by foot and takes you to Manhattan in no time.     I would definitely recommend others to stay with Sacha, Katie and Paul!    Beautiful space in a prime location. It was so easy to get to the subway and get around the whole city.  Everything was clean and nice.  Paul was super helpful with different spot to go. Sachas place was beautiful! You can tell shes an architect -- such great design and very sunny room with large windows. Was also easy to get anywhere as its close to the Bedford L stop. Never got to meet Sacha, but communication was great & had no issues.  Overall pleasant experience. Sachas apartment was great, with a clean, modern and spacious room with lots of light. Super helpful roommates and communication with Sacha was good. Great views from the roof and the room itself, worth going up all the steps. Neighbourhood is very central and easy to get to from Manhatten and other parts in Brooklyn, also many cafes, lunchroom etc just around the corner.  It was very easy to communicate with Sacha. The apartment, in my opinion, is in a great location. Super convenient and fun area. I would definitely recommend this host and this room. Jen The place was great. Amazing location!! The two other roommates were easy guys to get along with. The room gets bright in the morning, but its such a wonderful apartment! The AC works an absolute treat and keeps the whole apartment at a wonderful temp!    Two thumbs up - would reccomend to everyone! Although I never met her, Sacha was the perfect host. Her itinerary contained all the info I needed for a comfortable stay.     The apartment was neat and tidy when I arrived and I felt right at home. The room is located in a central spot in Williamsburg so it was a breeze to get around and see Brooklyn and New York.    Loved my stay here and access to the rooftop was a real treat. 10/10.  El alojamiento esta situado en el centro de Eñwilliamsburg. En perfecto.  Se han de subir 6 pisos por escaleras con maleta...  El puso muy limpio y te hace sentir como en casa aunque se hecha de menos un recibimiento ya que no hay nadie a tu llegada ni una nota explicando nada... Es bueno porque tu haces según tu criterio pero puedes sentirte un poco incómodo.  Los chicos que compsrten puso con Sacha muy amables aunque nos hemos visto en muy picas ocasiones.  La habitación es tal cual las fotos y me he sentido como en casa Communication with Sacha was very easy, weve never met because she was not at home when I stayed there but I did meet her nice flatmate.  The listing is accurate, the area is very nice and safe, and its super easy to reach Manhattan by metro/train. Overall great experience and highly recommended.    P.S. I booked a room for 2 persons but at the end my friend couldn´t go so I paid a lot as for one person but it did say it´s a strict cancellation policy so it´s not really a complaint ;) Sachas room was exactly as described/shown in pictures. It is a comfortable, bright room with lovely views. Sacha was an excellent host and communication with her was very easy.   The shared living space has everything you need for a comfortable stay. Make sure you check out the rooftop; the views of Manhattan are unparalleled. The neighbourhood is also great and always feels safe, and the L train subway stop is only a few blocks away.   My partner and I would definitely stay here again when we visit NYC and would recommend to all other travellers.  Comfy bed and room, great neighborhood, perfect price, with basic necessities, which is all this small, shared, three bedroom Brooklyn 6th floor walkup has to offer. Out of the three inhabitants I only briefly glimpsed one - just moving out - late on my first eve, who had no idea that I was there, or even expected. Sacha had organized all remotely (and efficiently) with me, apparently without informing her roommates, as the other one also had no idea of my presence when our paths crossed the next day. Open kitchen/living room has fridge, stove, a few utensils, no microwave, with couch and table with chairs. Small shared bathroom takes some time to cough up hot water - as stated in manual - and needed cleaning. Feeling was of a small crash pad - or student rooming house - close to the city, for a revolving cast of characters. But for convenience and price it gets 4 stars from me!	1
35	Malgré notre arrivée tardive vers 23h, nous (2 adultes et 2 enfants) étions attendus et accueillis. La chambre semble petites mais possède beaucoup de meubles de rangement très pratiques pouvant contenir nos 4 valises, ainsi que des équipements pour y vivre car nous avions cuisiné et pris au moins notre petit déjeuner et dîner dedans, même s’il y a plein de restaurants proches sur la 2nd Avenue. Le métro n’est pas à côté, mais grâce au Wifi de la maison et Uber, la 5th Avenue et Central Park sont à 5mn en voiture de là pour moins de $10 la course. Puis, c’est calme car nous dormions bien la nuit. Daniela is a great host! She is able to resolve any kind of problems and she is able to feel you at home.   Thanks again Daniela. Despite the fact that we gave only a few hours notice, Daniela provided us with a great place to stay, in a great location, and worked to make sure we had a wonderful experience in NYC. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. This is a lovely apartment that does really make you feel at home. The bed is very comfortable. The neighborhood is fun and safe, short walk to Central Park. Daniela gave so many great restaurant recommendations for me as well! I felt welcome and it was very nice.  Daniela is a wonderful host, always replied our questions quickly and gave us tips about the area.  The apartment is exactly as shown at the pictures, in a very busy area with a lot of places to eat nearby but very quiet at night for sleeping, perfect. Near to the Central Park and subway helped a lot in our plans. We traveled in a group of 4 and we stayed confortably. I would reccomend the apartment to anyone. El emplazamiento del apartamento es magnifico, sin duda lo mejor  que ofrece. Es pequeño, pero suficiente para tres adultos. Responde perfectamente a las expectativas del anuncio. La anfitriona atendió inmediatamente y resolvió todas las peticiones de mejora que le hicimos y, aunque no la hemos conocido personalmente, ha estado accesible en todo momento. Lo recomiendo sin lugar a dudas.     Apartment was exactly as listed. Good location and only a few blocks from the subway. Danielas father-in-law was waiting for us at the apartment when we arrived and oriented us to the apartment; he was very kind. Daniela was quick to respond with all messages and was very flexible with us and let us keep our luggage in the apartment past our check-out time, so we didnt have to carry it around the city with us in the last few hours of our stay in NYC before we left for the airport. Great place to stay in NYC! Love the area as well.  Nous avons été agréablement accueillis par le beau pere de Daniela, à une heure tardive, il nous a expliqué ce quil fallait savoir, et nous a laissé son numéro de téléphone en cas de besoin. Daniela, qui était au Brésil, a communiqué régulièrement avec nous par e-mail pour savoir si tout était ok.  Daniela is so sweet, very responsive and gave us flexibility with our entrance hour. Were very satisfied. 	0
36	Adriana (Drica) is a perfect host and her studio in Upper West Side is small but nice and in a very nice area of the city.  I strongly recommend Dricas apartment! L emplacement est ideal, la chambre propre mais les sanitaires communs pourraient etre mieux..  La clientele est tres jeune dans l hotel abrite egalement dans ce lieu  Drica tres agreable aussi ! The unit is small and compact, but it is also clean and tidy and has great access to transportation in a nice neighborhood. I would stay here again. Although the apartment is tiny, it is clean, quiet, and comfortable and has a great location. The building itself is in need of upgrade but is also clean despite its worn look.  The night I came, Drica was waiting for me and showed me arround the neighbourhood and was so nice.   The place location is great and very close to the West 86th metro, so the manhattan is within minutes range. Also plenty of museums to visit and chill at Central Park.   We has a lovely stay in this studio. It was a perfect location and very comfortable. We didnt realize that it was a room in a hostel and that it didnt have a private bathroom. There were 3-4 large bathrooms on our floor and since the floor seemed mostly empty, it didnt matter. If the hostel was more occupied, the shared bathroom may have bothered is. But otherwise, It was wonderful!  Drica was very responsive and check in and out was simple. Thank you! Quiet small one room apartment  to the back in the 5th floor.Good location,distance to the metro 400 m.Shared bathroom,not a problem for me .Good choice for a reasonable price in an expensive area . I enjoyed my stay at this apartment. Its an excellent location being close to train stations and Central Park. The apartment was cozy and clean. Its important to know that the bathroom is not in the unit but next door and is a share for the floor. I believe the building is some kind of Single Room Occupancy building. The host was very responsive and accommodating but there wasnt much I needed as it was very functional for my needs. The reservation was canceled the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Excellent accueil.   Chambre agréable, bien décorée.  Climatisation  excellente.  Situation très bonne de l adresse,   du fait de la proximité de Central Park dans un quartier calme, et prés de deux lignes de métro ( 86 th ) ( Lignes 1 et ligne  B-C )  La salle de douche et les WC , sont éloignés de la chambre et d une propreté limite.  Une matinée sans eau chaude pour douche.  Le contact téléphonique pour organiser le départ fut  excellent et efficace. Clean apartment, great location on the UWS, and a friendly and accommodating host. I would absolutely stay here again. Adriana is very welcoming and friendly,very responsive.she met me downstairs the building.even helped to carry my heavy luggage)))   The apt is very good lacated:5 mins to trams,Central Park,lots of shops,restaurants,beauty salons.  I would strongly recommend this apt! Drica is the best host you can have! She is charming, when ever I had I question, she answered immediately and offered help.  The place is quiet and cosy...small, but everything you need, to feel home.   The only thing is, that more people used the bathroom, than I thought. Sometimes I had to wait quite a while, so better you are not in a hurry.  And I love the neighborhood! Missed it already on the way to the airport. Apt. is as shown in pictures: small, but clean, cozy and equiped with everything you may need. Location is best thing it has: near to subway station (red line - 1), Central Park and 24x7 opened markets. Drica was more than nice and gave us such a great flexibilty with check in/out. Although we did not have any problem, be awared bath is shared.  Fantastica estadía en el departamento! Es pequeño pero super acogedor! Limpio y lo mejor es que está ubicado en el mejor barrio de Manhattan! Adriana y Rogerio fueron muy amables, me recibieron y me despidieron de la mejor manera! Definitivamente volvería a elegirlos la próxima vez!!!	0
37	"I felt completely welcome at the house. The community there was wonderful. I really enjoyed sharing and spending time with Alan and other members of the house. Great host, Alan made sure I was comfotable and that my room had everything I needed. The neighborhood was lovely, safe, and convenient.  Very nice and comfortable stay at Alans place. The apartement is very well located near two metro stations and the people who live there are friendly and easy going. I recommand the place,   Phil   Arriving and leaving was very easy, the apartment is nicely located between two metro stations and we could lock our room separately. The room was big enough for the two of us and Alan had prepared everything well and even got as an extra heater. Unluckily the bathroom was being fixed while we stayed (we didnt know that until Alan told us), so the first day it was pretty dirty, but the following days it was ways better and the shower was always working well. We barely saw other roommates, but we had 2 nice conversations with one of them and Alan and spent some minutes with the very friendly cats.  Conclusion: Alan was a good host and we enjoyed our stay in New York.     We did not meet Alan in person, but the people at Alans flat were always very friendly so the check in and out was very easy. The place is also near to the subway so that you can reach Manhattan in about 30 min.   Unfortunately the hole flat is a big construction area, so it was very dirty all the time. Also the bathroom wasnt clean during the hole week we where staying in the flat. We couldnt turn the head off in our room so it was very hot during the night. Alan gave us a tool to close the valve but that didnt work well. We decided to open the window but that wasnt that easy neither, you always had the feeling that it could fall out of the frame.   Although the place was under construction, you could also see that the place usually isnt very clean neither. The renovated space was full of dust and had never been cleaned since the renovation have finished (there were still rests of concrete and chipped wood on the floor)! I think that cleanness is a question of interpretation but me and my friend didnt feel comfortable at all...  Since the place is full of friendly, open minded people and close to the Subway, its a good alternative for everyone who doesnt care too much about perfectly clean places. But for us it was not the right place and we wouldnt come back even though the area which is already renovated gives you a promising idea on how the place could look like after the renovations are done.    Alan was very inviting and definitely made me feel at home. It was a very pleasant stay and I would definitely recommend for anyone staying in Brooklyn. The reservation was canceled the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. When we arrived, discovered that our room was taken, but guys found another place for us. Thats why I cant say anything about exactly this room.  Guys that lived there where very friendly and helpful, and they made us feel welcome. Also cats that live in the apartment are very nice.  The district was good, not too far from metro station, and the whole journey to Manhattan took around 20-25 min.  There was supermarket near metro and just enormous number of eateries. Can personally recommend ""Latin and American cuisine"" for their pancakes.  The only thing we didnt like was the dirtiness of the apartment. Some vacuuming and a general cleaning once a week would solve this problem. The space was nice and large, I was upgraded to a room on the first floor upon arrival. Clean bedding and towels were provided, which was very nice, and access to the houses facilities made the stay all the better. Alan was a great host. Check in/check out was extremely easy. The lofted bed was amazingly comfortable and the room was nice and warm, which was especially great with such freezing weather. Location was convenient to get to a number of subway stops. It was a great place to stay! Adresssen ligger i gåafstand fra subway, hvorfra min let kan komme til at opleve hele NY. Alan var meget let at kommunikere med og havde lagt rent sengetøj og rene håndklæder frem.  Bad og køkken var meget beskidte og vinduet på værelset var piv utæt. Alan was a great host who was always so friendly and up to chat when we saw him. We were working late nights so didnt see much of other guests or Alan but anytime we did everyone was always super nice and happy to see us. Over all we had a great stay and ended up staying in the room right next door just by making friends with the tenants there who were going on holiday. Great helpful friendly bunch would recommend to stay here  It was fantastic! Host was so nice and helpful. This place is really worth to stay. The place was what we expected. Basic, but ticked all the boxes so we were very happy with it. 5 mins from the metro and Citibikes it was easy to get around the city from his place.  The shower was also pretty amazing!   Fue un poco complicado realizar la reserva, pero al final Ala resolvió todo, en realidad nunca lo vimos,  mas sin embargo dejo todo organizado con otras personas. el precio esta muy bien para la ubicación, pero en términos de estética y aseo no quedamos muy satisfechos, para quien busque solo practicida en términos de transporte es el lugar adecuado, en confort no lo recomendamos. Check in check out very easy but we never saw our host. The localisation is good with yhe subway. The bedroom is good for one or two nights. But the big black point is the cleanliness of the bedroom and the bathroom. And if you looking for a quiet place dont come there... Was a good experience! The room I stayed in was large and pretty cool...but there was a ton of noise from his roommates. Like, construction noise, they were literally using a power saw in the afternoon and at 10 pm. I texted Alan and he said he would text them to keep it down, which was nice.     The apartment could be cleaner, especially the bathroom. But other than that, no complaints.  Stayed her for 3 nights. Location was great. Close to the subway, about 7 min walking distance. The place itself is not that clean but cant complain. Its divided in 3 floors.  Each floor has several rooms. All rooms are rented to locals or to people coming into town for a couple days. Bathrooms are shared. Some are not so clean but it does the purpose.  You get what you pay for. Dont expect anything fancy. Great for a short stay. Everyone in the building was friendly . The location is great, the host was great and everyone I encountered in the building were very friendly. I recommend a short stay, as there is no common/ seating area except for the bed, which was a memory foam on the floor in the corner of a dirty windowless room. This would have been a great experience if it was for the lack of cleanliness. I am not a clean-freak by any means but it was hard to handle, the bathroom especially. I would have much rather pay a little extra and stayed somewhere where I felt clean and comfortable. That being said, the place would be great if something was done about the cleaning! un lugar con excelente ubicación, cerca de transporte publico e ideal para llegar a descansar. Being at Alans house is being part of a family. A very nice one. Thanks to all the guy, that make our stop in Ny so comfortable If you want to hear your airbnb hosts nasty dirty secrete stay here. Youll get more than an earful Alans place is definitely unique! Its comfortable and a great place to crash overnight but be warned, the walls are paper thin. Their smart lock system makes your stay all so much more convenient. The place is a 7 min walk from the closest trains (A and C) and a 13 min walk from the LIRR. The neighborhood seems nice and busy throughout the day and quiet at night. Perfect place to be at if you visiting New York. Very convenient transportation. I had a great time. Alan was very helpfull. I didnt see him during the stay, but other residents were always friendly and helpful. If you are ok with the spartan accommodation (which is exaclty like it appears in the pictures, no more no less) you will enjoy a friendly comunity, in a convenient neighborhood. Very nice place for young people who want to explore New York.   Excellent value for money at $115 for a week. Good size room. Not too noizy. Decent neighberhood - I felt safe. I would definitely have liked a cleaner house, dust everywhere, dishes in the sink for a long time etc. But once agian Excellent value for money. Excelente ubicación, una zona tranquila, fácil acceso al transporte, comercios de comida y supermercados a pocos metros, lo recomiendo apliamente si vienes de vacaciones a NY tiene todo, una cama comoda agua caliente todo el tiempo y una cocina bien equipada para preparar lo que se y antoje, el hambiente con los de más huéspedes esta lleno de buena vibra, todos muy buena onda.  Great location for young travelers looking for an affordable place to stay.  Also a stellar community vibe!  Definitely a unique little hole in the wall Pratique et bien situé. Une espèce dauberge espagnol avec beaucoup de monde qui y vit. Les murs sont comme du papier. Alan was a great host and made us feel very welcomed from day 1 , he  Iives in a great area where everything is pretty much around and easy to access. I would definitely recommend him and I would definitely book again in the future. Cest très bien pour les jeunes aventuriers maxi 30 ans, la chambre ne correspond pas au photo mais il est encore mieux que la photo (grand lit taille king) par contre le reste cest pas propre.. mais on a quand même passé les 7 bonnes nuits ! On na jamais vu Alan lors du séjour tant pis  A great house~~everyone is nice~~near to the subway station Alan is a nice, helpful guy. We enjoyed the few days while we were there. The apartman is in a good area, safe, not too far from the center. There was just one problame, it wasnt really clean. So I was satisfied."	0
38	Katrina was extremely welcoming and responsive. Her studio was comfortable and provided many amenities not always found in NYC including privacy, air conditioning, cable, and wifi. In addition there were added thoughtful touches including shower/bathroom amenities and dishes.  She was very accommodating and flexible during our stay despite last minute changes. We were grateful for her kindness and generosity.  We were familiar with the Washington heights area which was of benefit, but the a (express) train is only a few blocks away and the c (local) train is steps from the building.   I would stay in this unit again.  Katrina was very nice and even had the kindness to get me a cheese cake as a welcome present. Appartment was very clean and practical. Only downside is that neighbourhood can get a bit loud and noisy at night. Overall good stay and recommended Katrina is a great host and made our stay very pleasant! Love it!!  Very good place! There are two subway stations near by. In the neightbourhood there are also supermarkets. Quite street during night.  Very convenient for Columbia Presbyterian Hospital. Great hostess; very nice studio apartment. Would definitely stay there again. Katrina was extremely accommodating and polite! The place was beautiful and in a great location. The host canceled this reservation 11 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Its really nice the place always clean.	1
39	Zahras place is large, with lots of natural light, just like on the pictures. The most attractive feature of the apartment is its location: it is only 10 mins away from Central Park and half an hour away from downtown; there are metro and bus stops nearby. Zahra was very helpful and reactive to my messages! Great. Ótima localização, próximo ao metro, lugar agradável, ambiente limpo e organizado, excelente atendimento da anfitriã, preço compatível ao que oferece, com certeza retornaríamos para uma próxima hospedagem, recomendamos a todos que quiserem ficar confortavelmente instalados no Harlem, Manhattan. The apartment was great. Big and clean and well-appointed. I loved the area as well and its location to transit. Zahra was a great host, communicated well, and check in and out was easy. Great place to be in the middle of Harlem. Plenty of amenities and parks around. Staying on 5th Ave is really convenient as buses and taxis at your door if you want to explore in town. A lot of nice trendy cafes and restaurants around to satisfy the foody within.    Lappartamento è delizioso. Camera da letto spaziosa, bagno con vasca, anche se senza finestra ma con ventola. La cucina è funzionale e il soggiorno molto ampio, luminoso e ben arredato. Televisore maxi schermo ed internet potentissimo. La posizione è quasi eccezionale, 3 minuti a piedi dalla stazione 135 delle linee 1, 2, 3 (linea rossa) che collegano Harlem con midtown e downtown manhattan e che si incrociano con tutte le altre principali linee della metropolitana. A 2 minuti a piedi dellappartamento si trovano supermercati e farmacie, a 5 minuti un posto favoloso per breakfadt americana e banchi di frutta fresca. Harlem è adorabile! Non ho incontrato personalmente Zahara, ma è stata una host gentile, cordiale e molto disponibile. Consiglio il soggiorno al 100%. Stefania The host canceled this reservation 25 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The apartment looks great. Its spacious and bright, just like in pictures. Its proximity to the subway station (lines 2&3 express) which takes you  downtown was also a big plus for us. The doormen and the neighbors were all very nice. We didnt had the chance to meet Zahra in person, but she was easy to reach when we needed her.  What a great experience! The apartment was just like in the pictures, very bright, spacious and comfortable! The outdoor patio is great. The doormen in the building were really friendly and helpful, and the apartment had everything we needed.  I was a little bit apprehensive about staying in Harlem at first, but had no problems and felt safe at night. There is a bus stop practically in front of the building, as well as a convenience store, some delis and a drug store about a minute away. The subway is about a 3 minute walk from the apartment. The 2 and 3 lines are really convenient for exploring Midtown and Lower Manhattan, as it only takes about 15 minutes to get to Times Square. This was definitely a big plus! During one of the weekends that I was there, there were some planned service changes and the 2 and 3 trains were only running up to 96th street, so we had to take a free shuttle bus after that. The commute was longer on those days, and while this was a little bit inconvenient, it didnt ruin our experience.    Zahra was a great host. I didnt get to meet her, but she was always easy to reach and answered my questions promptly. She also gave me some great restaurant recommendations in Harlem. Great value for the price, would definitely recommend! Appartement qui correspond à la description: le métro est assez proche, ce qui permet davoir accès facilement aux grands sites de visites de la ville! Gros bémol sur le ménage qui navait pas été fait (mais qui a été fait par la suite, après solicitation auprès de lhôte); petit bémol: pas de rideaux occultants dans la chambre: dès que le soleil est levé, la pièce est inondée de lumière! Lavantage, cest que lappartement est très lumineux! Great stay at Zahras! Appartment is really nice and bigger than on pictures. The doormen and other inhabitants are super friendly. District is calm and you have direct access to to city center with the express 2 and 3 trains (+ train 6 as well!). 100% value for money! The host canceled this reservation 7 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great place! Very clean. Friendly neighbors and cool community. Easy to get to subways and buses. Cool view, and great balcony! Comfy, cozy; just what you want!  The host canceled this reservation 11 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Very nice place, clean well furnished and good located, great view . Perfect and wonderful stay in East Harlem. Zahra was always available, thanks for that. And ! pictures are true, you get what you see. Great, thanks again.  Michael Zahras apartment is conveniently located, spacious, and the view is awesome!  Her neighbors and the building doorman were extremely nice, and definitely helped make my stay even more enjoyable.  I highly recommend the apartment, and Zahra is a responsive and accommodating hostess.  Es un apartamento espectacular, próximo a autobuses y metro. Los sofás no son muy cómodos para dormir varias noches seguidas, al final de la tercera noche se nota el dolor de coello. La cama es grande y cómoda. Sin duda volvería a quedar en casa de Zahra. Great location with an awesome view! The doormen are very polite and the building is safe and near the Subway and various restaurants. Zahra was also very easy to communicate with! I will definitely be back. Si bien no nos conocimos personalmente, siempre estuvo muy atenta a responder nuestras consultas y requerimientos a travez del chat de la página de airbn. Ademas nos permitió ingresar más temprano que la hora de check in y retirarnos un par de horas después de la hora dea check out. El apartamento esta a 250 m de una baja de subte que te lleva y trae a la mayoria de los puntos de interes de la  ciudad. Sin dudas recomendaria el apartamento para una familia de 4 / 5 personas. Muchas gracias por todo Zahra. My reservation was cancelled by the host less than one week before my trip. I was forced to make other arrangements at the last minute, which meant I was forced to pay much higher rates for a hotel than I had planned. This is extraordinarily disappointing, frustrating, and disrespectful. Zahras place is a gem.  Its a very spacious one bedroom with all the luxuries.  It even has a balcony with a beautiful view.  It was a home away from home.  Also the doormen are very courteous.  Zahra is very genuine and reliable.  I highly recommend this place, youll love it. This past weekend, my boyfriend and I had the pleasure to stay at Zahras apartment. Not only was its spacious (compared to apartments in NYC) it was located in a quiet neighborhood of Harlem, had modern amenities, and was in a guarded building (doormans were very attentive/welcoming 24/7).   Also, the subway line was just a 5min walk (2 & 3 lines) and these are major lines that take you to all the renowned spots in the Big Apple!  This was our first experience using Airbnb and we loved that Zahra was our host. She was very helpful and accommodating (she let us check-out later than expected).  She also was very prompt with her responses.   If we visit NYC every again, we will definitely stay here again!   Thank you again, Zahra! Until next time! Good and safe location, literally 5 minutes from subway where you can get to all the touristy bits. We were a bit anxious about staying in Harlem but felt safe and actually enjoyed the night life there. Clean and well equipped appartment. Really spacious and comfortable. Would definitely recommend. Lovely apartment. It’s definitely more spacious than what I thought it was. It’s a nice neighborhood. Very quiet. It was my first time in New York and I really enjoyed the stay here. Hopefully on my next visit I can book the apartment again. Honestly, I really loved this place Zahra was an amazing host ! Responded quickly to all of my questions, and even allowed us to check in early with no hassle! The space was even nicer than I had expected from the images, and there was tons of space for my guests and I. Super clean and nice, would definitely stay here again and highly recommend it ! Best place I’ve stayed so far ! Huge apartment. Awesome view and great balcony!! The host canceled this reservation 4 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 14 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	1
40	"The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Though we only stayed one night, I really wished we had more time. We got into the city earlier than usual and Marc made himself available to meet us so we wouldnt have to be left pulling bags across the city. Really appreciated the early check in and the ease of communication.    The neighborhood was wonderful, subway station just a 5 minute walk over, lots of restaurants and coffee shop. The apartment was very clean, beds were all very well/professionally made and so comfy.     I would so recommend a stay at Marcs place. Youll feel at home. The unit was much better than we expected it to be.     Great Experience. Thanks Marc The neighborhood was great...easy to get to everything that we wanted to see and do. It was a nice stay. The location is very close to all kinds of nice restaurants. The apartment is nicely arranged to several beds and good for family travel. It is also close to subway stations to get around the city. The host canceled this reservation 3 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Very well located and spacious place. Cleaning very deficient and beds needs to be taken care, old and unconfortable I knew NOTHING of NYC (were from Melbourne and our 1st time here) and was a bit spooked by location upon arrival. But the friendly nature of people in building and surrounds won me over quickly. Restaurants, bars, access to downtown and subway was great. If anyone knows Melbourne - this area is the Brunswick of Manhattan.   If I were to Live in NYC Id choose around here: its real.  As described, cost effective and a great location.   The host canceled this reservation 4 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. This was a cozy apartment, and the photos were accurate. Marc was very accommodating and we didnt realize that the shops, restaurants, and the gym were all so close by when you get on 14th.! We look forward to staying here again.  Marc is a great guy, always straightforward and ready to help us with absolutely everything. The place is strategically located: not too far, not too close. The place was nice and clean. The check-in was easy. Maybe the apartment smaller than expected. Nice to have some breakfast for the following morning.  Lappartement de Marc est très bien : il est authentique, bien équipé, propre et très calme.  Il est situé proche dune station de métro et dun supermarché. Pour les restaurants, il vaut mieux marcher un peu : rien de bien intéressant à côté de lappartement. Nous étions 4 et cest parfait. Jusquà 5, pas de souci. Au delà, il est sans doute un peu petit. Marc est très réactif et répond parfaitement à toutes les questions.  Je recommande cet appartement sans réserve !! Okay apartment. Looks newer in the picture. It was a great apartment with great neighborhood. We wa 7 adults which had a great stay, if we could put the finger on one thing, it has to be the space for eating 7 people in the apartment. The owner was helpful with all we need to ask for, and they stored the luggage 5 hours for us after check out which was 1100. We can recommend this from apartment, it was a great stay for sure. Marc, Ang, and Melissa were all really helpful and responsive before and during our trip. We had only three adults and two kids staying and the sleeping arrangement worked out great. Efficient kitchen stocked with essentials.  Small, but plenty of space to hang out when we were in the place. The location is wonderful; tons of restaurants and shops, close parks, subway and bikeshare stops nearby, easy to access the waterfront promenade, and a little quieter than the surrounding neighborhood. The apt is dated, but VERY clean. I would definitely stay again. Lovely apartment~Smaller than I expected, but enough. Everything was ready. Will come again if I have chance. Pictures dont do this place justice. Bigger than we expected. Great neighborhood and amazing location. So close to everything youd need and trains!  Most of the previous reviews have covered the basics really well. The only additional elements that I would have wanted to know ahead: - they ask for cash payment only of ""NYC tax"", no payment through Airbnb app.  - you have to walk through one bedroom to get to another. So less privacy than a true three bedroom.  Apartment is clean and well located, and quiet. Elevator works fine. AC works fine (one unit in one bedroom, one other unit in another bedroom). Oven did not function correctly. Utensils for cooking are ok, fridge too. Communication with owner is clear and easy. I stayed in this apartment with my parents, my ant (60s) and two of my friends (30s), and we had a pleasant time in it. Drawbacks : -The apartment seems to be originally one bedroom and one living room apartment converted to a three bedrooms apartment. Size of partition rooms is OK, but partition walls do not go up to the ceiling, deteriorating a bit privacy from one room to another. -To go into the third bedroom, you need to go by the second bedroom. -Only two access cards to the building, but 3 keys -> can be a bit light when you know that 9 people could sleep there+. A digit code was given but did not work.  -> This apartment is perfect for medium groups, but do not hope of having a good sound insulation from one room to the next. This is not a 3 bedroom AirBNB as listed. It is a 1 bedroom that has been made into a 3 bedroom using Ikea wardrobes to create make shift rooms. There is no floor to ceiling walls to break up the rooms and the doors are makeshift sliding doors. There is zero privacy in this place so if the light is on in one room, you see the light on in all the rooms.    AirBNB came with only 2 key fobs to get into the building and building code does not work so if you have a large group like ours, you will spend a lot of time having to transport back and forth to let people into the building if you are one of the two people who have the key fob.   You have to pay tax in cash upon arrival but you are also told that they arent supposed to be renting the place out and that if anyone were to ask you need to say you are a family of the apartment owner. Normally, I would be okay with playing along with this charade out of respect for the host; however, it is clearly obvious they are only collecting tax money to pocket it since legally they arent supposed to be renting it. This was really shady.   Bunk bed mattresses were more like mattress pads and not comfortable (friends who slept on them said it was like sleeping on the floor).   The kitchen is grody and so are the appliances and utensils in the kitchen.   We were told we had to leave an emergency key above the door which makes you loose your sense of security with keeping your stuff in the apartment.   AirBNB came with one roll of toilet paper for 10 people.    Marc was a wonderful host! Very prompt in replying and always ready to help out when needed. The apartment couldnt have been in a more perfect location, 10 minutes walk to union square and yet away from all the city rush, its like an oasis in New York. The place exceeded our expectations, has ample sunlight, is very tidy and well-equipped with household stuff. We were lucky to get it for a great price! It was truly a memorable time and Marcs constant support made it even better.  We never met Esmond but Melissa was lovely and they were really helpful with great communication. Edmond was able to accommodate us on very short notice and everything was as advertised. We are very thankful! The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting."	0
41	The girls that live here are super sweet, and jump up at any questions the airbnb guests have. I was a little worried about sleeping on the top bunk with two other guests awake and on their own time schedule, but once I rested my head on my provided pillow I fell asleep for almost 9 hours without waking up once! Was well rested and ready for my interview in the morning, thanks Laura! Great location! Everyone is friendly. The place is clean. Very good coffee shop next door too. The host is sweet and responsive  Lauras place is exactly as described and shown in the pictures. She responded within minutes of my inquiry to book her place. Her roommates were all very nice; one of them even gave me her extra blanket and space heater when I got cold. The location is superb being in Midtown Manhattan, less than a block from Times Square.  Short 2 night stay in shared girls dorm for my first trip to New York. Perfect location to do plenty of sightseeing and walking round. No key for the building front door, but there was always someone there to buzz me in so I never had any problem.  Very good location. You are close to the subway and from 1min to Time Square by walking. Beatriz was very nice!  Fabulous quiet location. Amazing first AirBnb experience. Hosts were friendly and fast with instant replies. Will definitely book this place again! Perfect location! Just minutes to Time Square by walking! Close to everything! The host was nice. Confortable bed. Only problem: few bugs.  Really great location! The place was pretty clean as well, highly recommend! Great location! Friendly hosts and accommodations were perfect for what I needed. Would come back again! I loved it! This place is perfect for traveling and walking alone in New York City.  The apartment have a lovely sisterhood with the other girls, and Beatriz has been very helpfull both with the arrival time and information.  I would recommend this apartment to travel in New York City! Truly enjoyed my stay here. Did not get a chance to meet Laura, but she facilitated well and Beatriz was amazing. Helped me orient myself on arrival and was very warm and welcoming. She keeps the place extremely clean, which is doubly impressive as this place reminds me a lot of a hostel. Everyone that was staying there while I was in town was great, but because of the set up, it may be wise to be smart about which valuables you bring along. It was nice to have other travelers to explore with on a solo trip and to make new friends. The WiFi was extremely spotty which made it hard to get work done, but I think most of the people who stay here arent business travelers. I felt welcome as one, but the WiFi was a little frustrating. That being said, Id come again in a heartbeat if all I needed on that particular trip was my phone. The location is wonderful, it is the center of times square.  The Good: The host (not Laura, but Beatriz) was a sweetheart, as was her roommate. The apartment was close to dozens of restaurants and the subway. The area was well lit even in the middle of the night so I felt safe coming in by myself after midnight.    The Bad: I never met Lauras, my Airbnb contact. The address listed in Airbnb is not the correct address and I was hot and flustered before I realized that Laura had sent a text with a different address. Based on the picture, I expected up to four ladies and the host, but the apartment holds up to 9 women (sharing one bathroom). That being said, I didnt spend much time there so the number of women wasnt an issue. The place definitely could have been more clean. The host did make my bed for me, but no one offered me towel or washcloth. Thank goodness I carried my own.   The Bottom Line: Great for young single female travelers. (Key word is young.) Frustrating for seasoned, organized travelers.  This place is a good location for any female traveling alone. They are located in a prime location right up the street from time square. They are very welcoming and friendly host. Chill spot to stay wish I would have stayed longer. Airbnbでの住所と彼女が教えてくれる住所が異なりますが、事前にそのことを教えてくれます。 簡易ベッドは私にとっては快適でした。 this airbnb was like a hostel/ college dorm! so much fun if youre used to the hostel life :) everyone was super friendly, location was amazing and the apartment was clean and had everything you need.  Eine tolle Möglichkeit für ein paar Tage New York. Obwohl es mehr als die 4 abgebildeten Betten sind, gab es mit dem Bad (nur eines) eher weniger Problem, da die meisten doch zu unterschiedlichen Zeiten kommen und gehen. Es ist eine absolut gute Möglichkeit um in der Nähe des Broadways zu übernachten und dabei auch viel von der City sehen zu können. Laura hatte ich nicht getroffen, dafür aber ihre Mitbewohnerin Beatriz, die absolut hilfsbereit und freundlich war. Würde ich jederzeit nochmal machen, wenn ich ein oder zwei Tage in New York City wäre. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. great location to timesquare This is a good place to stay if you are looking for close to Times Square. It was very central. If youre going to be out and about most of the time like I was, I recommend this, it served well since I was just looking for a place to sleep. Incredible location! Close to Times Square, all the theaters, subway, hop on hop off route.  I adored the hostess.  We had great conversations.  Very clean.  Mattresses werent great, but the bathroom was lovely.  Excellent value! I will stay here again. Good location. Kind people. Comfortable bed.  .. But...too messy. This place really does have an amazing location; its steps away from 50th St stations on all subway lines, making it both well-connected and incredibly central. Those looking to book should keep in mind that this listing runs very similarly to a hostel--3 bedrooms, each with 2 - 4 twin/bunk beds, and one shared bathroom between them. Expect that thats what youre getting and youll be just fine.   The kitchen is huge (especially by NYC standards) and acts as both a place for food prep and a space for getting to know other guests. I expect it might be a good place for working/studying as well, assuming you dont need total quiet and dont mind a few interruptions.   I was concerned about noise, but it wasnt an issue after midnight, at least not during my stay. Other guests and residents were all friendly. Awesome place to stay as I was alone and jetlagged. Thanks to Beatrix for all of her help.i felt safe and it was a great location walking distance to so many great places.  Its a decent place to stay for solo women travelers, bang in the middle of the city. The girls were all very nice and helpful. One of them even offered me an umbrella when it started raining. They allowed me to check out late which was nice. While I found the place a convenient stay for a nights stay, it is tad bit overpriced for the actual service, as I had to share the room with host and her roommate and with all their things there.  Great place with welcoming and kind hosts! I loved the fact that it was girls only and that it was so close to everything ! I was at a walking distance from everything i wanted to do or see (central park, museums, times square, empire state building). Ill definitely chose this air bnb if i come back to new york one day Ideal location, highly recommend!  the location is great super close to time square. I stayed just one night so it was good for the price of the night!  Awesome location! Lots of city noise at night since its in the middle of the hustle but I was still able to sleep fine. Beatrice & her roommates were very nice & communicated with me well when I need help, like to find the apartment.  The location was great! It was a great place to stay while visiting the NYC. It was super convenient. I am going to choose to stay there again if I am visiting NYC. The booking process was super easy and fast too. It was a great enviorment, the  girls (Beatriz) super helpful and easygoing, cozy bed, recomend it anytime... thank you!! a good place near great places!! Nice location for single traveller. The host is nice and kind.My room is beside the kichen so when other roomates cook i can smell the  food and oil. Except this point ,i very like the stay. This apartment is in the near of everything. For a short trip when having transfer via NYC like I did for 2 nights, it is perfect. There is space for 9 girls together in total. Nice location, very convenient. Laura is arranging and lovely.  Aunque solo me quede una noche! Fue justo lo necesario, conocí a Beatriz y es buena anfitriona! Es cómodo y hay muchas chicas que puedes conocer todas las caras que vi fueron muy amigables. Muchas gracias  This place was awesome! The location was awesome! i felt safe walking at night by myself. Beatriz was very helpful during check-in. Definitely would stay here again.  Great value, walking distance to Times Square and the Subway.  Was able to see all of New York during my stay.  Had everything I needed - a kitchen, bathroom, bed, hangers and towels to use, and a laundry in the basement.  The girls were very nice.  Surprisingly it was quiet too! The place is great. Its clean and its close to alot of nice places like time square. Although i never met laura or beatriz, they are very good at responding back to messages. Would book again! El lugar es súper estratégico. A pocas cuadras de Time square. Subtes cercanos, central park cerca también. Muchos locales de lo que busquen y tranquilidad por ser todas mujeres. Tenés hasta lavarropas en el sótano. Totalmente aconsejable. Gracias Beatriz! The location is very good and Beatriz is nice and kind. It would be better if you check in after Beatriz came home from work, if not, the other roommates may  help you to check in. There are only few house rules, its great! Good and fun. Its really close to anywhere I want to go. Really great location. Cost- effective Perfect for a quick stay in NYC for young female travelers! I had a great time at Laura and Beatriz place, very centrally located and very convenient. Beatriz was very accommodating.  She has a great personality. If you just want something simple, go to her place. Also, great location La ubicacion es excelente, estuve muy comoda, cerca de todo, volvería de todas maneras use the one to laura please Tout dépend de ce que vous rechercher. Il y a plusieurs personnes qui y vivent au même moment et la propreté (lors de mon passage) laissait à désirer. Lemplacement est idéal. Situé à moins de 10minutes de times square et Broadway. Central park et rockfeller sont très proche. Rapport qualité/prix et emplacement est super Thanks! Perfect location and flexible check-in and out! This is a great location and the apartment is beautiful- wood flooring with and good energy. My host, Claire, was very responsive and did her best to make my stay there pleasant. She had great suggestions as for places to eat and places to go. The apartment was newly acquired and the set up was lacking. Im sure in the future guests will have a better experience amenities-wise than I did. Es muy seguro el lugar, se encuentra muy céntrico y es muy limpio él departamento. Beatriz es la mejor. Super atenta y Claire súper divertida. The location is so good, so close to Times Square; its so easy to find it and move around the apartment. The communication with Laura and Beatriz was also so good. Beatriz and the girls who live there are so nice and friendly, I totally recommend this place. Thank you so much to all. :) I had a very good week, at the girls place. They are super friendly & bubbly so if you have a moment, just talk to them and spend time with the girls.  The area is so close to everything. It was very comfortable.  Thank you so much for letting me rent for a week and see you next time. :) A very simple place but great location (very close to Time Square, subwah stations). Perfect for a short stay. The girls reply quite quickly to the messages and are very helpful. I arrived in new york without a room -    so I needed something very quickly.. the contact was uncomplicated and fast; the apartment was clean and very close to times square. I really enjoyed my stay! Thanks :) Nice Lauras place is a few blocks from Times Square so makes it easily accessible. its a nice quaint little apartment. Great for a girls weekend or something like that. overall really nice and great location Great location. Walking distance to Times Square.	1
42	The apartment is really cozy, just as it shows on the picture. Seth wasnt there so I had the apartment all to myself. Seth was great with responding to my questions; his reactions were always fast and helpful and it was easy to keep in touch. The key pick up place worked out well but if you have a big suitcase it is quite a walk (I did it, it is not impossible but you might want to consider a taxi). The neighbourhood was nice: enough places for food and coffee and it was easy to get around (subway is close). I had a great time and will definitely come back! Seths place was decorated nicely and super convenient -- both in an IKEA kitchen way and a close-to-transportation way. Theres no TV, but lots of books. Seth is friendly and accessible.  We enjoyed our 5-day stay at Seths apt, conveniently located just a few blocks away from the subway, nice neighborhood with plenty of places to eat.  The apt space was everything we needed clean, quiet and well equipped with an impressible library to browse. There was just a small issue with the kitchen sink and Seth was already on top of it. He made us feel welcome and was great in relaying info quickly and responding to our questions. We would stay here again! Seths cozy apartment was awesome. It was well stocked with kitchen supplies and comfortable furniture. It really takes a lot to let someone reside in your personal space so we were very thankful for our last minute stay here. It is very eclectic with tons of books. It was a very nice home away from home. Even though we never met, Seth was extremely easy to get ahold of if we had any questions. The location of the key pick-up is a little inconvenient but it made for a nice breakfast stop upon our checkout. I would definitely recommend staying here and would do it again. Seths place was awesome. Nice and cozy, filled with books just like in the photos. The key pickup was seamless and when I had trouble opening the doors, Seth was very easy to get a hold of! The neighborhood was great with many restaurants, cafes, and subway options close by. I would definitely stay here again. 	0
43	Wonderful Location in Queens near buses and subway. The studio was nice with a great rooftop getaway. Jess is new but I am sure will make the pleasant stay for future guests. Unfortunately not as clean as required: long black hairs in the bathtub, dirty cups in the kitchen sink, multiple half-drunk bottles around the kitchen, dirty silverware, floors with dust and hair. Clearly NOT cleaned prior to my arrival. Shame Jesss apartment is near by station,enough clean,good kitchen and bathroom. I had a relax time in there, but there some noise in only daytime by under construction . And there are no knife for kitchen so you must bring that. Anyway it is good staying NYC.   Nice place. Wasnt able to meet Jess but she was easy to get a hold of to figure out the wifi password, etc. The host canceled this reservation 26 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The perfect stay, everything was as imagined plus useful added extras. The location was ideal! Gracias!   Very nice place and a great location. Everything was as described and Jess was helpful and easy to get in touch with. I would def recommend this place for staying when visiting NYC. Jess hat nicht zu viel versprochen. Das Studio befindet sich auf der Manhatten-nahen Seite von Queens, d.h. mit der Metro dauert es nur ca. 7 Minuten bis zum Time Square. Die Wohnung befindet sich in einem Neubau mit Portierservice. Super ausgestattet auch für einen längeren Aufenthalt. Das einzige was gefehlt hat, ist ein Fernseher. Wir waren eine Woche in New York und würden jederzeit wieder dort wohnen.  Simple and comfortable apartment, easy communication, great stay. 	0
44	"If you are considering renting this room, you should know that this is NOT a spare bedroom in somebodys house; the apartment is essentially an off-the-books hostel, with each room rented individually to visitors. This was quite different from what wed expected and it meant that the environment was much less homey and comfortable than an actual lived-in apartment. Theres not much in the way of cooking supplies (pots, pans, etc.) or social interaction and the common area and bedroom reeked of cigarettes. Also, despite the listed ""no pets"" policy, one of the other bedrooms was rented by a woman whose cat roamed around the apartment, which is a serious problem if, like me, youre allergic to cats.    That said: the apartment was conveniently located (in a cute area of Bed-Stuy, close to the A and C trains; an easy ride to Manhattan and JFK and a quick walk to Clinton Hill) and quiet. We slept well and were very grateful for the AC unit. If youre looking for a basic crash pad and dont plan to do much in your room other than sleep, then this room will satisfy you. Great option if arriving to NYC and need a clean, cheap and chilled out place to relax. Randy was a great host, very welcoming and helpful. Cam, Randys right hand man, was always on hand to assist as well. The room is an excellent size, was super clean and the air-con was effective. Bathroom was also clean and well-stocked. Kitchen area, again, clean and in good repair. Couldnt have asked for much more really. Randy even gave me a stove top espresso machine! Highly recommend this Air BnB. Oh and locations great too, in the up and coming neighbourhood of Bedstuy. Just near a metro station and a lively/colourful few blocks of shops and amenities.    We had a pleasant stay at Randys. The room was just like it was advertised and Randy was very helpful and attentive. He handled any complaints we had as fast as possible. Aside from having to share one bathroom with 3 other rooms, our time there was good. The neighborhood is quiet and there are a lot of places to eat nearby. I recommend staying at Randys! Best part about my stay here, was the location. A couple blocks from the A train. 10min away from Barclays Center. Great small shops to visit near by on Fulton St. Clinton Hill down the street!    Room was as described. It was clean and had a decent size closet with hangers. The room is located in the back of the apartment, away from the traffic noise. Very comfortable bed. Bathroom was stocked. Everything was very easy to find in the kitchen, except for extra mugs. If youre a tea/coffee drinker, I say bring your own travel mug. Randy and the super Cam were spot on with communication. Offered to help if I had any issues.    When I got there, I couldnt find the keys because they were moved. I gave Randy a text and he immediately gave me a call. Less than 5 min later, the super Cam came down to open the door. He ended up finding the keys and I was set to go. Cam was very welcoming and cool. We had a ""thats what she said"" moment during the tour.    I recommend this room to anyone who stumbles on it. Ill most likely book it when Im back in Brooklyn. Randys place was perfect for our one night in NYC. The location is very close to the A express line and easy to travel from/to JFK airport and from/to Penn Station in Manhattan.   The host opened welcome us immediately with a smile and kindness, though we were late by an hour.  The room was great, a desk and comfortable chair. Great foam mattress, air condition, and heating. Very quiet place. Great shower, warm running water.   Overall, we had a great time and I would recommend this place. My girlfriend and I are looking forward to coming there again.   It is a great place for a short stay in historic Bedford Stuyvesant, Brooklyn, where I have not visited in decades! The area is on the rebound! Randys room was freshly painted, the mattress firm, kitchen steps away as well as a shared bathroom with others on this top floor of a four-story walk-up. Quiet area. Major Props. This place was not clean. For the price you pay Its a nice room, very warm, good thing for cold winters in NYC. We spend 9 nights and the mattress was perfect to sleep. We didnt have any problem. The super cameron was very nice and Randy took care of a minor problem when we arrived.Our roomates were so kind so we didn´t had problems to share the kitchen, bathroom etc.  Once you get to the subway which is a few blocks down the street, you will reach downtown manhattan in less than 30 minutes. The neighbourhood felt safe as well with many places to eat, several 24 hour delis in the area to get your needs.    Thank you Randy This was my first experience with airbnb and I can say it was nice! Communicating with Randy was very easy before and during my stay.  Randy and Cam were very polite, helped me carry my luggage and passing all information I needed. My room was simple and super comfortable (bed and temperature perfect)  and the wireless connection was working well all the time.The building is very close the station, where I found a cosy coffee shop (The Paris Dakar). I highly recommend this space and I will definitely be back! It´s the people making a place liveable! Thank you very much Randy and Cam for being great hosts! I really enjoyed it to stay with you! Room is clean and quiet, Bed is very comfortable. Anytime again.  It was nice to stay at this place. The room was nice and clean. That bed is really compfortable and the room was quiet, too, because its on the backside of the house. All other people that stayed in the appartment at the time were very nice, too.   Randy answered to all question in less than 20 min. Everything worked out find! So its definetly a good and affordable place to stay in New York. Randy was a good host. He is very responsive to questions, emails, calls...  The apartment is clean and you wont need to worry about the basic things if you come here. The reservation was canceled the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great room, very clean, lots of sun.  I enjoyed the neighborhood, check out the Outpost cafe (10 minute walk on Fulton).  Nice to be close to an express stop for the A and C lines (Nostram).  I liked the common area, even if I didnt spend a lot of time there.  Randy was very responsive, I booked the day before but it was no problem.  Great value, would definitely use again. Staying in Randys place was awesome.  We love Brooklyn and we felt really comfortable in his place and in the area.  The room is maintained in well condition, clean and fresh. The people in the apartment cool, as well the guys from the building.  Literally 3 min walk from Nostrand subway, so easy to get to Manhattan or Queens by A and C.  Absolutely we are gonna contact him again when we will be back in NYC! Everything was great! Randy is a good host always available.. If I went back to NY I would book it again.. Randy was a fantastic host, always quick to answer my questions and I had no problems at all. The bed was incredibly comfortable and room was nice and spacious, temperature was perfect too. The area is up and coming and the accommodation is so close to the subway. Id happily stay here again!  It was great!!  I dont always AirBnB, but when I do, I look for a spot with Randy. Had such a good experience I extended my stay as much as possible. :) My experience at Randys was great, the flat was ok and the room as I was expected, Randy is a very nice person and he is there if you need him. The other (Hidden by Airbnb) were so nice, we spent a lot of time together. I didnt have a chance to see Randy (since my friend and I were out all day during thr trip) but everything went very smooth. Hes very quick to respond and when I asked a request, he took care of it immediately. As for location, its about 5 blocks from a subway station and very convenient.The area feels very safe during a day, but at night, it gets pretty quiet.  It was my first stay at randys place. I definitely would go again. Randy wasnt every time there but he was very response. The Location is near to the subway station that takes you to Manhattan in about 15min. Randy is very friendly and helpful. Great host to stay. I recommend booking his room. It was my fourth stay. I love it. Thanks  Great experience with Randy, incredibly accommodating throughout my stay. Apartment is very well maintained and comfortable to live within, plus the location is great. 房東的反應回信都很快速,讓我感到他很在意房客的問題    房間很乾凈,一如相片  所在街區交通方便  白天都很寧靜  但是晚上回來的地鐵站有點亂  房子的入口大門和樓梯有點脆弱老舊,可以再整修好一點    但是Randy的服務非常親切負責,你永遠可以用簡訊快速取得聯繫,並且能得到有用的資訊 It was the first time that I have used Airbnb and Randys place made this a very positive experience. Communicating with Randy was very easy before and during my stay. My girlfriend and I spent two wonderful weeks in Brooklyn and we felt very comfortable in the neighborhood and in his place the whole time. The accommodation looked exactly like the photos, nice and clean. During my next stay in New York, I will ask Randy again.    Thank you very much Randy for being a great host! Randy is a great host and the room was perfect! Communicating is really easy, the apartment is clean and I enjoyed the neighborhood. The space is a bit impersonal, it is shared with other travelers, so you wont find any real Brooklyn vibes here. But I recommend it if you stay a few nights. The communication was very easy and quick. So after entrance the room was found  as discribed. Not or at least not much interference with the other room guest. Your room can be locked separately when leaving.  Room was clean.  We only used the room for our nights after we spend most of our time in beautiful New York.  I would highly recommend this place if you want to have an awesome time in New York. Metro is within 5 minutes walk which gives you a great everyday morning experience metro ride downtown.   We very much enjoyed our stay at randys! 5 min walking from the subway and it 15 to 20 min you are on time square. Clean place, the bed is amazing, and there is a kitchen.  Randy replied to my message very timely and gave me clear instructions on how to checkin in and check out.   Upon my arrival I was pretty surprised at the sight of the staircases. They looked dirty and run down, I am assuming they are undergoing renovations on the building. However, the apartment was nicely kept and equipped with very cool appliances.  Great location, host was very helpful Great location between Brooklyn and JFK. Easily accessible from the Metro. Superbly comfortable bed and clean accommodations. Randy was attentive to messages and quite helpful with check-in directions. Would definitely stay again. Excellent Airbnb experience! This place is great. Clean common areas, clean room, very comfortable bed! Everything was cool. Comfortable room with all the stuff u need. Thank u, Randy! Third time staying at Randys place, always wonderful.  My trip to Brooklyn to visit my daughter was my first experience with Airbnb and I expected stay only one night. When plans changed and I needed a room for one more night I was lucky that my daughter suggested Randys on the basis of her experience. My requirements were small since I got in late, remained the night and left in the morning. But the room was clean and quiet and the bed comfortable. The bathroom was convenient, very clean and had soap and shampoo available. The apartment appeared to be pleasant and well-kept, and the price was reasonable, especially for New York.  The code system for opening entry doors was very efficient and eliminated the potential awkwardness of arrtanging a mutual time to receive keys. I recommend Randys and would certainly come back.  Randys place was a good fit for me. Hes a very affable guy, and I wouldnt hesitate to stay again.  The communication with Randy was easy and helpful. The room is as described - basic but comfortable and exactly what you need for a short duration stay. The apartment is well equipped and all facilities were clean.  Had a very short trip to NY. This was a perfect location in Brooklyn and a great value. Randy is a great host and I enjoyed my stay very much. Great location in a great neighborhood with lots of wonderful food and bars around. Quiet area; very close to a subway stop (A and C lines). The apartment and room fit our needs exactly. The building is clearly currently being worked on and updated, so itll probably be even nicer in the future! Randy was very accommodating and has a very pleasant personality. My dad enjoyed his stay. Everything was as simple as described and worked perfectly. The appartment is kind of automatized because theres an vacuum-cleaner robot, a self-cleaning toilet and check-in via code. But Randy was also available all the time. the apt. is well-located and has a fully-equipped kitchen. It was a nice stay and the host was very helpful. Perfect room! Nice location and interesting neighborhood. Close to a and c trains, clean. Great value Randy is an awesome host and definitely goes above and beyond! He even offered to help me carry my luggage so that I wouldnt have to carry it down the 4 flights of stairs alone. As long as you can figure out the subway system, the location is centrally located as it is within just a few blocks of the subway station. The unit is clean and comfortable and definitely a great value for the price. If Im ever in need of a Airbnb upon my return to NYC, this is the first place I would look at booking! Randy is a fantastic host beyond all expectations. He makes you feel at home and is always available.. My wife and I cannot recommend him him enough. The apartment itself is is very comfortable, modernly equipped, and perfectly situated. Very good place, very good localisation, nice neighbourhood. Wonderful host! Close to shops, restaurants and SUBWAY (so its close to everything)! I totally recommend staying there. I had a great time with my wife.   Excellent Airbnb! Clean, location is convenient, the price is great and the hosts provides excellent customer service! I highly recommend!   Randys communication was timely. Space as advertised. If youre looking for an easy, centrally located and lively area in Brooklyn with some cool spots to drink and dine any time of day then Randy can help you out. His place is a great jumping off spot for exploring and Randy is super helpful. Cheers Randy  You can meet a lot of interesting people if you live on the top floor. Very good chance to make new great friends if you plan to stay long. We really enjoyed our stay at Randys place, and the apartment matches the description. Randy was helpful throughout, offering advice, and arranging a smooth check-in.  The apartment building is just a few minutes walk from the nearest (express) subway station, making travelling into Manhattan very convenient. We travelled to NYC by car, and we had no trouble parking near the apartment building.  Overall, we would strongly recommend Randys place, and would be happy to stay again.  Great experience. Host was friendly and kept great communication through out our stay. House and room were neat and clean! Nothing negative to say about our stay!!!  Randy was a great host, we were very happy with our stay. Would definitely recommend! Randy is a great host. He responds right away for any question of doubt you may have. Such a great guy! Nice location and great room. Nice spot,  clean and plenty to do around the area. Everything was perfect! Room was very nice and clean. Also, he let me leave my luggage in dining room after check out,so I have more time to explore NYC before my flight. Definitely recommend this place! Very easy to communicate with host. Allowed me to leave my luggage before check in and after check out. Great location! Der Aufenthalt bei Randy war top. Kommunikation ohne Probleme und alles wie beschrieben. Die Unterkunft hat eine moderne elektronische Einrichtung, nur die Treppe gehört sich ein wenig renoviert. Randy war toller Host - immer wieder gerne. Randy is a good host fast respond .The place is the same as he describe. Down point is the place has only one restroom  but 4 bedrooms on the 4th Floor Room ok, but the stairs to 4th floor not easy for us when carrying big luggage Es un sitio acogedor y perfecto para pasar las noches si vas de viaje a NYC. La relación precio beneficio es muy buena. Que a 3 cuadras de una estación de metro que queda a 10 minutos de Manhattan. El barrio es residencial, pero con la posibilidad de salir a tomar un café, desayunar, cenar e incluso tomar unas copas. Randy es muy amable y responde rápidamente las inquietudes.  Close to lots of cool places and near the subway which was nice! Overall: Besides having to carry luggage up to the 4th floor, lovely space and ridiculously comfy bed. Personally, it felt like an exclusive hostel - you share a space with other people, but you have the privacy of your own room and youre on your own floor with three other floormates.  Small gestures speak large! Hairdryer and house slippers included were a plus, and the toilet is also - wait for it - a bidet! Room is pretty spacious for one. You can also control the intensity of your room light. Would definitely stay here again. Only warning is that its about a 10 minute walk to the metro to get to near the Williamsburg area, and walking back to the place at night as a first timer in the area made me very cautious.  TL;DR - best for solo traveler who wants to chill at home as well as go out to both Brooklyn and Manhattan. Perfect location, clean and comfortable space. Highly recommend! A very comfortable and clean place to stay! Very easy subway access and super close to tons of great restaurants. Would stay here again! Los espacios comunes (baño, cocina y sala de estar/comedor se coparten con los huéspedes de las otras tres habitaciones. Nice guest house Close to A/C subway. Clean room and bathroom. Little noise at night so you can rest very well. Randys place is clean and has awesome memory foam bed. We stayed for 9 nights and it was great. Nostrand Avenue subway station A/C/E is around 5 mins walk to get you to Manhattan in around 30 mins (faster if you take express train). Will surely miss the amazing warm smart toilet, cleaning bot, and the amenities. Our flight back got cancelled due to winter storm, and we need to find another place to stay in short notice (as Randys place is all booked), and he let us stay over the check out time until we find a new place that same day. Appreciate it. :) Will surely stay there again whenever we visit NYC. Thanks Randy! This place is clean and bright with sunshine in daytime. Things are neat and tidy and I enjoyed staying here a lot. The express A train can bring you to downtown Manhattan within 20 mins and JFK within 45 mins and it’s only 3 blocks away from the subway station. What else can you expect when you’re staying in such a nice and lovely room? Randys place is super convenient. Its close to two subway stops that can pretty much get you anywhere you need to go in the city. The room itself was tidy and the theres also a kitchen if you feel like saving a bit of money and making your own food. I dont think youll find a better spot in NYC in this price range. I can highly recommend staying here! Lo que más me gustó del lugar: el baño muy moderno!!!  el barrio es céntrico a 20  minutos aprox. de Manhattan en metro, además tienes lugares cercanos para comer alrededor. El cuarto contaba con todo lo anunciado, la cama súper cómoda y la cocina muy bien equipada. Un lugar excelente para el viajero que no necesita lujos y sí un lugar seguro, limpio y cómodo para dormir. Lo que se debe tener en cuenta es que el edificio no cuenta con ascensor, si vas con mucho peso en las maletas sufrirás un poco, pero para mi fue solo un detalle pues vivo en un lugar muy similar! lo recomiendo 100%. Kleine aber feine Unterkunft, super um New York zu erkunden. Der Kontakt mit Randy und der Check in  war sehr nett und unkompliziert. Von der Ubahn fußläufig zu erreichen. Hatten einen guten Aufenthalt dort! Randy is a super host--you see it from his hospitality and communication. The room is a perfect size for up to two people, and the bed makes it difficult to actually get up. Ask Randy for recommendations and you wont be disappointed. Highly recommend this place. Very kind and responsive host! Worth trying!"	1
45	"Our stay at Rachel & Reeces apartment in the East Village was an awesome experience for a first time Airbnber.  The apartment has easy access to the subway and is surrounded by many awesome restaurants and bars.  Our hosts made sure that we were accommodated with towels, blankets, pillows, wifi, and even some shampoo bottles.  Also, the apartment comfortably slept five people for a night.    We had the opportunity to meet Rachel and she was quick to suggest some spots to check out.  Rachel was a laid back host and made us feel right at home when we arrived.  All in all, I would highly recommend Rachel & Reeses apartment if youre heading to Manhattan. Check-in and check-out process was very smooth. Great location!  Great to have cookware available.  Neighbors are very loud at times, walls are thin and you can hear everything in the hall. Last night there, there was a party/loud music until 5am. Ear Plugs are a MUST. We had 3 people for one of the nights, but only 2 towels.  No hairdryer.  The bed was very comfortable, but the futon was NOT, and I doubt it could sleep 2 people without folding in on itself.   The apartment was perfect for our needs. I loved the location. The nearby restaurants were superb.  I would stay here again. Thanks! Todo estuvo bien en el departamento. No conocimos personalmente a Rachel y a Reece pero nos mantuvimos en contacto por teléfono sin problemas. Todo estaba en orden y como dicen otras reseñas, se escuchan algunos ruidos de los vecinos por las finas paredes y los pisos de madera pero todo muy tolerable (estás en una gran ciudad, para no escuchar ruidos hay que ir al campo). Es un típico departamento de las características clásicas de esta tipología de edificios de NYC. La verdad es un poco más pequeño que lo que se ve en la fotos, pero es perfecto para ir a dormir luego de estar todo el día recorriendo la ciudad. Es un lugar ideal para dos personas y ajustado para 4. Al tener diminutos espacios de guardado las valijas estarán siempre por los pisos con la ropa. En general el edificio se puede ver como viejo, sucio y descuidado, pero es seguro y está muy bien para hospedarse en esta zona de la ciudad. El barrio es tranquilo, hay muchos lugares cerca para comer y tomar café. Fuimos con nuestros hijos de 17 y 18 años y ellos podían salir solos sin problemas. En general es recomendable para gente que quiera disfrutar la ciudad y volver sólo a descansar. No hay grandes lujos, pero uno encontrará todo lo necesario. Todo de acuerdo a lo pautado sin problemas. I stayed here for 9 nights with my sister and friend. Heres a quick and honest summary:  - bedroom windows looks out onto a cemetery.  - apartment is opposite Hells Angels. - building constantly smelt like marijuana. - bathroom door didnt close.  - towels had stains on them.  - bed was comfortable but futton wasnt.  - wifi stopped working for 2 days (over the weekend) but host managed to fix it after a number of emails/texts. - price was good.  - Host was good to deal with.   All in all, the experience was what it was for the price we paid. Ill be looking for a hotel next time i travel to NYC.  Rachel was very communicative and made us feel welcome. The place was set up for 2 people when we arrived, but we had four and needed all three beds, and Rachel texted back immediately to help us find the extra bedding and towels. We also had wifi troubles, and those were also worked out. The best thing about the apartment is the location -- close to East Village and multiple subway lines. A vibrant neighborhood that was fun to stay in. Nous avons apprécié ce séjour dans lappartement de Rachel & Reece, lappartement est bien équipé et bien situé dans une rue calme mais proche du métro. Le quartier est vivant et agréable. Je nai pas eu de nouvelle de mon hôte a mon arrivée mais tout sest quand même bien passé.  Lappartement est très calme en tout cas a la période ou jai séjourné.  Il y a une odeur dherbe dans les escaliers.  Lappartement est correct pour 4 personnes de la même famille par contre un peu vétuste.  Le quartier est bien situé bar et restaurant.  Metro a un bloc également.  Serviettes en quantité suffisante . propreté correcte.  Dans lensemble appartement satisfaisant.   We had a great stay!   everything went smooth from check in to drop of the key.  Its a great location where you can enjoy all of NYC.  We had a fantastic stay at Reece and Rachels appartment. Located in the great east village with plenty of eating and drinking spots in the vicinity. Would defintely stay again.  Appartement idéalement situé , un peu petit mais suffisant pour 4.   Les deux banquettes du salon ne sont pas très confortables mais on sy fait!  Très facile de récupérer / déposer les clefs.  Le quartier est formidable, le métro tout prêt , mais les voisins de limmeuble très bruyants !         Very good comms from the hosts and great location!  Rachel and Reece made us feel very welcomed. I arrived before the check in time and they helped me with securing my luggage at a nearby location while the apartment was being cleaned. The location of the apartment is very convenient with plenty of amenities and services close by. The apartment was clean, and there was plenty of clean linens and towels. My only (big) complaint is that the toilet was not functioning when we arrived. There was red duct tape on the wall above the toilet. A notice was written on the tape with a sharpie that read: ""To flush: Hold down and then hold up."" When we tried flushing the toilet, water was leaking from the handle and the toilet was not flushing. We notified Rachel about the non-functioning toilet on the first day and they told us they notified the super and that he would come to fix it the next day. We were not in the apartment when the super came to ""fix"" the toilet, but when we tried to flush it after the ""fix"" it still did not flush properly. In other words, there was no full force flushing, it only poured a little water into the toilet bowl every time we tried flushing. We were 4 guests staying 3 nights in an apartment with no functioning toilet. We could only use the ""mellow yellow"" method--and this was not ideal so we tried to avoid using the bathroom altogether. If the apartment had a fully functioning toilet I would have given a higher rating. We were all pretty disappointed and expect to have access to a bathroom when renting apartments through AirBnB.  Loved the place! Its facing a cemetery, which could go through as a park that nobody is in, meaning its green and quiet. The neighborhood is great, Hells Angels said hi when we walked by. El departamento es como se muestra en las fotos. Ideal para cuatro personas. muy bien ubicado. A pocas cuadras del subte. El departamento cuenta con todo lo necesario para la estadía, es limpio y agradable. El edificio en general no es lindo y no está bien mantenido. A great location in the heart of East Village close to public transportation and cool restaurants and bars. Perfect central spot if you want to explore Manhattan. Price-quality ratio a little questionable - even though NYC is expensive, the place was too pricey for what it offered. The apartment was only set up for two people even though we  were four - linen was easy to find and extra towels were available, so no big deal. No toilet paper - so first thing, shopping... The key-drop service worked, but the organization was confusing with the same copy-pasted messages coming back as answers... Didnt feel very personal and reassuring before arrival. The walls of the apartment are thin, so if you are a light sleeper, this might be a problem. The apartment is tight for 4 people, especially if you are traveling with luggage... But internet and air conditioning work adding to its comfort. The coffee shop (the Bean) around the corner has great smoothies, not to miss as a breakfast! Place was great.  Little slice of beach living in the East Village.  Would definitely stay again.  :) The host was really nice and responsive. We texted to ask for early check-in and out and the host responded within 10 minutes. The place is a bit small for 5 people. It would be perfect for a group of 3.  The futons were too hard to sleep on and the bed is also hard. There were no extra blankets but since it was the summer we were fine using the extra sheets and duvets.      The shower was fine though water went from hot to cold and vice versa uncontrollably sometimes.  The water leaked from the hot water knob.    Perfect location in East Village, near everything fun.  Restaurants, bars, and the subway are all around the corner. We wandered around and could always find a perfect place to eat and drink.   Le séjour a été fort agréable. La localisation du studio était très pratique pour se balader dans les quartiers que nous avions sélectionnés.  Los anfitriones fueron muy amables con nosotros, y aunque no los conocimos personalmente, siempre respondieron nuestras dudas a través de mensajes.  Se encuentra en East Village, en un sector residencial y principalmente de estudiantes. Hay muchos restaurantes y bares alrededor, hay constante movimiento todos los días de la semana.  El edificio es viejo, sucio, descuidado y ¡huele a marihuana todo el tiempo!  En el departamento pueden acomodarse 4 personas (no hay espacio para que 5 personas duerman cómodamente). Los pisos y alfombras están viejos y con manchas, dando un aspecto sucio al departamento. The listing was fairly accurate with one caveat (which maybe we missed in the initial posting, but very important) - no elevator!  This made getting to the third floor a bit difficult for my mom who is disabled, but we made it work!  Apartment is cute, neighborhood was not bad - though the Hells Angels across the street did give our Uber/Lyft guys a hard time when trying to backup when they passed us up.  Pickup and drop off of keys was easy and convenient. Diablitos Taqueria next door and The Bean on the corner were awesome, as was the little convenience store around the corner!  Two blocks from the F train and within walking distance to plenty.  Definitely enjoyed our stay and would stay again (if mom wasnt with us next time).  Thanks for the hospitality! Communication with the host was excellent; they were very responsive and answered all questions.   The location of the apartment is great. The lower east village is one of my favorite parts of the city.  Close to Soho, TriBeCa, Little Italy, etc.   We had a party of 4 including my wife and 2 teenage children. The apartment is too small for that many people and the day beds my kids slept on were very uncomfortable. The queen bed my wife and I slept on was fine.  All other aspects of the apartment were as advertised.   Bottom line is the place is great for 2 but I would not recommend more than that.  Fairly pleasant stay.   Our stay at Rachel & Reeces apartment was not perfect. The apartment was as explained in the listing- small apartment, good location, noisy, with a very tiny/not powerful air conditioning unit. Im very familiar with NYC and therefore much of that was expected. The one downside of our trip was the mold growing all over the bathroom, especially in the shower. It was a very hot day and we did not feel comfortable showering near all the mold. We called the number on the airbnb app and were put in contact with their property manager. He explained that they would send a mold specialist to check out the bathroom however we were not comfortable having someone come to the apartment since we were traveling with some valuable belongings. Rachel & Reece agreed to refund 2 out of 3 days of our stay (since we did end up staying one night) and it was appreciated. They did tell us that the cleaning fee and service fee were non-refundable, but we were able to get that refunded as well when we called airbnb. This helped us out as we didnt want to pay a cleaning fee for an apartment that had a mold problem. Overall, Rachel & Reece were easy to contact when we saw the problem, they were flexible when giving us a refund and honestly, i cant blame them for the mold problem. Its NYC, the bathroom is small with a tiny window, the heat is unbearable and the air conditioning unit isnt very strong so its the ideal environment for mold growth. Hopefully they can get it treated and the apartment will be back to normal and ready for its next renter! Id also suggest they maybe do some quick fixes in the bathroom such as fixing some of the broken falling tiles. Its not a perfect place but its definitely good enough for up to 4 people for a weekend. Thanks Rachel, Reece & Airbnb for helping us with the refund, it was really appreciated!! Photos of the apartment were misleading, was made out to look like there was 2 bedrooms however there was only one. Kitchen was well equipped and the bedroom was comfortable. Good location, 15 min walk to union square. The room was a bit tight was 5 people, would recommend for 2 or 3 people. Rachel and Reece were very responsive when asking for help. good,a little bit small but comfortable Ganz ehrlich, die Wohnung wäre voll ok, aber es war miefig, die Wohnung unsauber und die zwei Bettsofas sind ziemlich hart. Betrunken geht es ;-) We had a fairly pleasant stay here. Great location, bedroom backs on to a cemetery so reasonably quiet. Host was responsive to messages throughout entire process. We were a party of 3 and space wise, that was pushing it. I wouldnt recommend anymore than 3, its really suited for a couple. The pull-out futons/sofas arent comfortable at all. Apart from that, the stay was fine. I am new to NY and have been staying in Airbnbs to try out different neighborhoods. This was my least favorite experience and only leaves a negative/dirty impression of East Village. There were bugs in the apartment somewhere (not sure what they were), but constantly itching bites while I was in bed. The apartment is as clean as it can be for an old building. The building is loud, neighbor doors slamming. Neighborhood is a little uncomfortable, across the street is a Hells Angel center. I would not recommend for a single woman or likes newer amenities. Good for college students/travelers on a budget.  The apartment is a perfect location for exploring East Village NY. The hosts are wonderful & the cozy place is clean with everything I needed. I would absolutely stay here again & recommend it to anyone  We were sent to the wrong appartment and when we entered the owner came, what was so embarassing. After 15 min talking to the Airbnb operater, we found our app two floors below. Next surprise, was that wifi, didnt work, and after a next 15min with Airbnb on mobile, we find out that network and password was completly different than written on the description. we talked at least 1/2 hour on expensive eu-mobile-tarif El apartamento calidad precio está muy bien,estaba limpio y para 4 personas es (Website hidden by Airbnb) es nada ruidoso a pesar de las advertencias de otros comentarios. In one of the best place in NY Easy to go everywhere  Very calm and ten second from Starbucks  No worries youll be fine  Our experience was generally bad. We were given a different apartment than the one offered when we made the reservation, we booked a one bedroom apartment but instead we got a studio. When we made the complaint we couldnt reach the host Rachel & Reece and instead had to talk to a company called Booking Team that had the most stupid and staggering answers I have seen on a supplier in my whole life; When confronted about the fact that the apartment was different from the original listing (they changed it since) they said the  new ""place was much nicer"" and ""if we didnt like it we could leave the apartment and have a full refund"". Naturally at the moment we couldnt find another apartment for a similar price and we werent willing to pay double the money. They said they were going to send some complimentary drinks for our problem, which given the nature of the problem it seems like a bad joke but whats most unbelievable is that they didnt even send them at the end!    Furthermore the original listing said the apartment had two futons and one bed but the one we got had only one futon, one bed and one air mattress. The air mattress had a puncture and deflated so we asked for a new one, they sent us a new one but took with them the electric pump and left us another one without batteries so we had to buy some new batteries with our money.    Moreover, despite the apartment itself was pretty clean the building was not. The common hall was pretty messy and dirty and we saw rats in the back yard more than once. We even left some chocolate on a table inside the apartment and then found the wrapping torn and bitten and even more disgusting we later found rat feces INSIDE the apartment.    In conclusion, the apartment itself is nice enough and the location was great. But it was NOT the apartment we booked nor wanted and we didnt get any discount for it, in fact we didnt get anything. In addition, the service received from the company representing the host was terrible. I wouldnt recommend this host to anyone, its one of the worst customer services I have seen. This was the perfect place for a weekend stay in the city! Tons of great food and bars are nearby. Check-in was easy and Rachel & Reece were quick to respond at all times. Id definitely stay here again and recommend you do too! Although I have stayed in an Airbnb apartment before this was my 1st booking and was most certainly an experience that will make me reconsider where I book next. I stayed here with my husband and sister and would like to note the apartment for the greater part is as it looks in the pictures. Although it is worth mentioning if not apparent from the listing it is very small and I would not recommend it for more than 2 people.     The most positive thing I have to say in this review is the host was reasonably quick at responding to my emails. Unfortunately the apartment living condition met substandard levels.     I believe it was either the 4th or 5th night out of a total of 8 nights that we saw a rat in the apartment which had been hiding under the oven for who knows how many days before. There were rat droppings on the kitchen work top as well as sealed biscuit packets on the work top which had been eaten through. (I do hold photographic evidence of everything mentioned in this review which will be sent to Airbnb). We contacted the host immediately and an exterminator did arrive and catch it the next day however it was a night from hell.     It is also worth noting at this point that if a rat was not enough we also found a cockroach in the apartment and was giving the excuse by the host that the rain we had that day was the reason for this. (I live in England where it rains more days then not and have never had a cockroach in my house!)     You may ask why we continued to stay in the apartment and the simple truth is we did not have enough money to pay for a hotel and was not offered any form of compensation/refund from the host when requested, the reason given by  the host was they had to pay money for an exterminator which cost the host a lot of money!     I would like to believe the cockroach and rat were one off incidences but given what I am about to tell you it is highly unlikely! In the hallway directly outside the front door to the apartment was a poster titled ‘Exterminating Notice’ for 2nd December AM. There was also another door which leads to the building courtyard. On this door was a poster stating ‘Please keep this door closed keep rats mosquitos and flies out of the building. Keep smell of garbage outside of building.’ This door was opened for the entire length of our stay and no matter how many times I tried would never shut!     Lastly the door to our apartment had a huge gap underneath it, which was big enough for rats and cockroaches to come through as well as continuous cold air due to the door in the hallway that would not shut.     My advice save yourself the torture and regret of booking this apartment! I had a wonderful stay at Rachel and Reeces place . Check-in and out was easy and communication was great. Highly recommend this place. Amazing accommodations! Rachels rental met our needs perfectly. Walking distance to great restaurants, shops, transportation and more. The amenities allowed us to explore the city throughout the day and come home to a warm, safe, cozy apartment. Would recommend to any one!    Thanks Rachel & Reece This place is the most central and best location ever, close to bars and clubs and also very quiet. One can barely hear any traffic. The house is Super suitable for 2 individuals. So close to time square and Wall Street. The subway is just a 5min walk.   Thank you Good place and near metro The place was cosy and comfortable for three of us. The kitchen was equipped with basic utensils that helped us a lot. Washroom was clean and heater was working properly. Its located near to many eateries, and subway stations. It was easy to get around NY from the location. We recommend the apartment for a peaceful comfortable stay.  Nous sommes très satisfait de notre séjour à NY dans  lappartement de Rachel & Reece.  Dès notre arrivé dans lappartement, nous avons rencontré quelques problèmes, comme pas de Wifi, pas de chauffage et pas de lumière dans la salle de bain. Nous avons envoyé un mail à notre hôte et les deux premiers problèmes (wifi et chauffage) furent résolus dans lheure. Concernant la lumière un technicien est venu 4 jours après notre arrivés, nous avons du utiliser un lampadaire du salon pour nous éclairer.  Hormis ces petits problèmes, la description de lappartement sur le site correspond totalement à la réalité, très bien placé dans NY.   Très bon appartement.  A conseiller.   Laura & Thibaud We did a good trip in New York. The place is fine and good located. Thanks The apartment looks nice inside but the block is a disaster. View from the window directly on the garbage. Very thin walls, old block This was the perfect place to rest after loooong days of walking around New York. The location is surrounded by delicious places to eat and the place was very clean. We stayed warm through the cold nights and the beds were very comfortable! This is a great place if you want to stay in the East Village!! Location was great for what we needed and the apartment was as advertised. It was nice to have flexibility in pick up/drop off times with the keys. We received a lot of info ahead of time via email. There were a few minor hiccups in terms of cleanliness and directions, but they responded very quickly to questions and feedback. Overall a good stay.  Great location. Surprisingly quiet apartment, cant hear any street noise. So many fun places around. This neighborhood is fantastic.  I do not recommend this apartment to anyone.   The apartment building itself is disgusting. Dirt, dust, and super noisy. Even though the apartment is in the back of the building, you can hear everything from the opening of the front door, to people slamming doors shut.   Upon arriving in the apartment itself I was shocked to find sticky traps in the apartment. The host said that this was normal because they lived on the first floor. There is nothing normal about having sticky traps in your apartment. I even found rodent poop on the ground -- the cleaners didnt do a very good job with the floors.   There was cockroach bait throughout all the closets -- not surprised given there is a huge gap underneath the front door of the apartment allowing anything to come in.   During my stay, the exterminator came twice asking me if I had seen any rodents.   The amenities in the kitchen were unusable. The coffee machine didnt work because it has parts to different machines and the pans were rusty so forget about cooking.   Really disappointed as this looked like a nice spot to stay, but sadly I couldnt find anything last minute for me to move to.  Fantastic location, close to plenty of bars and restaurants but no issues with the noise at night! Ideal for a couple but the sofa bed can comfortably sleep one more person. The 2nd Av subway is 2 minutes away and its easy to get uptown on the F line from here. Also Broadway is only 4-5 blocks east and has loads of shops as an alternative to 5th avenue. Rachel & Reece were always quick to respond and it was so easy to check in and out with the city copilot service they use.   The locaton was amazing. Close to a lot of great bars and restaurants. The apartment was clean and they provided extra mattresses for our group. The pictures were a little deceptive. The apartment is callwd a one bedroom, howevwr it is just a srudio.  We thought the apartment was bigger based on the pictures and we had difficulty unlocking/getting into the apartment. Rachel and Reese were awesome to deal with though.  Absolutely amazing. Rachel & Reese understood how quickly we needed a place and within the day of they took care of us! Picking up the key was easy and the area was nice and easy to get around. Youre close to well known places to eat such as Russ and Daughters and Katz Deli, etc! For me it was nice and tranquil, you can occasionally hear people coming into the building but noise was never too much or unbearable. Such a great place. Thank you!  The east village location of the property was perfect! As a tourist the proximity to every location in Manhattan was really good. The apartment has all the basics, but nothing more or less. Good location near restaurants and subway station. Check-in however, can be inconvenient (especially in bad weather, and especially with luggages), so be prepared to walk a few blocks up to pick up and drop off key at another location. Make sure to ask for proper instructions to enter the unit, as entering with door codes can be a little confusing. Overall however, the apartment meets all the basic needs, and it was comfortable and safe. I had a great experience in this apartment! The location was great with alot of restaurants and bars nearby. The instructions for the check in and check out were clear and easy. I would come back here again and i would recommend it! Had a great stay. Would recommend Rachel & Reeces place in East Village. Check in and Check out was easy and got very quick replies.  The place is in a great location, it was a shame the closest subway line was closed for maintenance early in our stay but cant do anything about that! very nice place, affraid about noise but if you sleep in the room you are in complete silence. Rachel & Reeces place was great!  It was in a great location in the east village with a lot of food places within walking distance.  Would stay again! Adorei New York, eu e minha família se divertimos muito. Fizemos muitas compras e passeios turísticos ótimos. We stayed at the place for 4 days, did not have a single complaint. The place is cozy and clean, with all the basic amenities provided. The location is very optimal. Easy access to all forms of public transportation. 5/5, would stay again! Appartamento molto carino e in quartiere tranquillo vicino a bar e ristoranti. L’appartamento è in posizione ottima per visitare Manhattan. Unica nota negativa il check-in. Le chiavi vengono lasciate in un lucchetto a combinazione presso un agenzia a circa un km dall’appartamento. Una volta ritirate le chiavi non riuscivamo a trovare l’appartamento con le indicazioni fornite dall’host. Abbiamo provato più volte a contattare l’host ma non ci ha risposto. Dopo un’ora di ricerche siamo riusciti a trovare l’appartamento. Siamo stati ricontattati dall’host solo il giorno successivo. My two friends and I️ came from Philadelphia to see a show at a small venue. The three of us stayed comfortably in this stylish apartment. There are shops, bars and restaurants within walking distance, and the Mercury lounge, where we saw the show, was only a few blocks away. Cab ride to the Rockerfellar center was about $13. I would love to stay again ! Great stylish place in a perfect location to have fun in Manhattan. It was also extremely clean with all the amenities you need. Would definitely recommend. Great location and a beautiful home. Great location! This is a perfect apartment for 1-2 people in a very lively area of NYC. I enjoyed myself and the overall neighborhood. Amazing cozy apartment in a very lively neighborhood! Very cool restaurants and bars within few minutes walking! The place was very clean and Reese and Rachel are great hosts! This apartment is in a great location in the East Village. Very close to great restaurants and bars, and only a couple minute walk from the Subway. The space is very small but clean, so ideal for 2 people who are out and about all day. The bed was a nice queen size, but the pillows on the bed were very flat which gave me a sore neck. The shower head was also flowing water inconsistently, but it did its job. The host was very communicative and even let us check in early. Overall a great place to stay for a long weekend! We had a great stay! Highly recommend for people looking to stay outside of the main touristy areas. Spacious spot & quick communication. Location is close to everything. Really surprising to have that much room, and a laundry machine (!), in New York. Overall positive experience. Picked this AirBnB because of the location, and boy, was it great!  Pros: Amazing location (5 minute walk away from Whole Foods and trains, very close to great eats and Van Leeuwens ice cream), easy check-in and check-out, blow-up mattress for additional guests, full kitchen Cons: A little dusty and not as clean as wouldve liked, not as big as expected Overall: Great place to stay if youre looking to be out and about most of the time!"	0
46	"My party and I loved my stay at Vasilis. The place was roomy clean and very stylish. He was very accommodating and friendly definitely will go back there again. I recommend him to anyone who wants a spacious and nice place to stay in the city. We have truly enjoyed our stay at Vasili and Beatrix ""Pad"".  Beatrix was very gracious and greeted our students and myself upon our arrival with fresh bread on the table.  The house was clean, spacious, and very homely.  We also found the location safe and quiet; accessible to subway, restaurants and department stores. I highly recommend this place to a family or any group who would like to stay in a place they can call home.  We will surely come back and stay in their place again.     My family and I had a wonderful stay at this apt. Vasili was easy to book with and was welcoming and helpful during our stay. As a group of four adult with two small children and a dog, we had plenty of room to spread out--which is not easy to find in NYC. The apt itself is stylish, quiet, spotless and comfortable. The furnishings all seem new & modern. The living space is very large, the dining area has a long table that can accommodate a group, and the kitchen is well equipped and we were able to cook meals there.    The apartment is in a pleasant and safe residential block in a culturally diverse neighborhood of Astoria, within an easy walk to the subway, a small park & many bakeries and restaurants. We were even able to park two cars on the street within just a few feet of the house. All in all, it was the perfect home base for our visit.    I highly recommend Vasilis Elegant NYC Pad and would happily stay there again. Vasilis place was very appropriate for our group of friends (couples).  Very comfy with a great living room for the breakfast, tasting the welcome cake i picked us with the keys...delicious!  Easy to park, lots of shops, bars and restaurants, we could have stayed a week there!   I would definitely eecommand it for a familly or friends travelling with couples!  And vasili was always available for any questions e: phone mail or sms!  I will definitely go back there...if it is available!     Our stay in Vasilis place was perfect ! We found everything we need and the place was really comfortable. The only small problem was the fact that there was only one shower for the ten of us. But we managed easily with that !   The aera provides grocery stores and good restaurants and the house is ten minutes from the subway . Vasili was very kind and very reactive.  We stayed in Vasilis apartment together with our daughter, son-in-law and two grand daughters. A loaf of home made bread and a large pie awaited us while we arrived. The apartment was spacy enough for all of us and could host even a larger group, although there was only one full bathroom. We learned from Vasili that another one will be installed shortly. All the amenities were in good shape and when we had one or two broken ones, Vasili replaced them immediately.    I must mention Vasilis great spirit - he was very helpful to get us a large taxi, he found some specialty shops for us and we really liked his approach towards the guests (us...:-).    The apartment is very very very  well located in Astoria. Many shops, various restaurants, cafes etc. In the weekend its real fun to just stroll down the main street. The Subway is 10 walking minutes away... not so bad in NY standards.    We warmly recommend the apartment and may use it again if and when we come back to New York. Tolle Unterkunft mitten in ""little Greece"" von New York.  Wer New York erkunden will und doch etwas ruhiger wohnen möchte ist hier genau richtig. Wir haben es genossen nach den Tagen in der City abends in Queens die Tipps unserer Gastgeber auszuprobieren. Fußläufig sind tolle Restaurants und Obst-und Gemüsehändler zu erreichen.   Die Metro-Station ist in 7-8 min gut zu Fuß zu erreichen. Der Times Square von dort aus etwa eine halbe Stunde. Also alles super.  Die einzige Herausforderung war morgens die Logistik mit sieben Personen und nur einer Dusche. Aber auch das ging relativ gut, weil es noch eine weitere Toilette gibt mit Waschbecken.  Alles in allem war es ein gelungener Aufenthalt bei Vasili und Beatrix. The house was wonderful! The area has good access to the metro and is perfect for families. Also, the host was very helpful and easy to get a hold of if we needed anything. I really thought long and hard about writing this review but I had to share. We were welcomed by a roach on the bed at the front room, it made my employee so uncomfortable that she slept on the couch. I also was super offended that when I booked the reservation he went on and on about not smoking pot in the apartment. I was in town for business and had my 2 managers with me and my husband and baby. We were not even thinking of pot and were offended he assumed that was going to happen. In addition  to that we had a mistake with the reservation date and airbnb had me checking out a day early, when the mistake was caught I immediately asked to pay for the last night. He was so rude and told me I was illegally occupying his place and that I needed to come get my things asap. I was an hour away at a work training. I finally calmed him down and paid the extra night like I said I would. The place was nice but not worth the headache. I am going back to NY for business in November and was planning on staying there again but after all this headache with the landlord I would suggest you stay away. I am not one to usually write reviews but his attitude was completely uncalled for !!! We will not be back !!! I wish I could attach pictures of our conversation through text to show everyone how terrible attitude!!!  The host canceled this reservation 6 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 41 days before arrival. This is an automated posting."	0
47	Had a fab trip! Great host, Lovely room, close to subway and great places to eat, would definitely recommend and return x Hôtese et Co-hôtes très gentils, avec pleins de bonnes adresses food. Très bon rapport qualité-prix. Cely and her roommates were very responsive, informative, and helpful throughout our stay! Weve stayed at Celys apartment for two nights and weve really appreciated the home location (the metro was very close, and you could reach Manhattan or the JFK airport very easily); moreover we were really satisfied for the services she made available to us and for the ones you could find in the surrounding area. Her roommates were willing and very kind, and despite an initial misunderstanding (the room wasnt already ready because the cleaner made a mistake with the date of our arrival) they solved the problem quickly and kindly. Well sure come back here next time. Great place to stay. I loved that I did not have a certain time to check-in/check-out. The room is amazing. Cely and her roommates are really friendly and the atmosphere is so cozy. 10 min from subway and even less to park and museum. Weve enjoyed staying there so much. Thank you very much for the lovely room Cely! It was nice sun-bathed room, large enough for us two. Would have been great to have a table but otherwise everything was perfect and we have been welcomed very week.   will definitely come back!! Cely was very friendly and helpful, and the location is great, about 5 minutes walk to Franklin Ave Subway station! Close to the subway station. The room was very clean and neat. The space was large and cozy for three people. Would definitely book again Cely was lovely and super helpful. Loved the apartment; very clean and close to public transportation. Great base for exploring NYC. Thank you for everything! Staying here was a nice experience  Le logement est bien, proche des transports en communs et desservant facilement Manhattan. Et Cely et ses colocataires sont sympa et discrète. À noter quil ny a quune salle de bain dans le logement, à partager avec les autres locataires. Nous avons eu des problèmes deau chaude et de délais à attendre pendant 20 minutes que quelquun sorte pour que nous puissions y aller. Cely was really easy to communicate with and everything went great. The room was really nice and clean and i would highly recommend Cely as a host! It was a great trip, and Cely was a nice host. She give us information about the neighborhood. The métro and the bus was close.  The room was prefect but it was cold sometimes because of the window. But Cely think about everything and there was an extra heater. Thanks for everythings Cely, it’s was very great. This place was in a great location & was perfect for our 2 night stay. Very easy to find & check in & out of.	1
48	My three-day stay was great. Casey is super responsive. I booked same day and he was able to get the room ready for me within a few hours. Both he and his roommate are very relatable guys who are working on some pretty interesting stuff. They interact with you as much or as little as you want. The apartment is kept very clean and the room affords lots of privacy. The private balcony off the bedroom is amazing, especially given the bk views it lets you soak in...ones that are only beat by the unobstructed Manhattan skyline visible from the roof deck thats only one story up. Just a ten minute walk or so from the main drag in Williamsburg and only five minutes or so to the L. Wow! What a secret gem of a spot in one of my favorite Brooklyn locations. So convenient to everything, including great places to eat like Win Som, Bear Cat, Ball Factory (great coffee too)  Not only was the apartment sparkling clean and stylishly chic, I absolutely loved Caseys warm and inviting hospitality.  The bed was super comfortable and the private balcony was an incredible plus!  A great peaceful and cozy place to come back to after biking and exploring Brooklyn all day. I cant say enough good things about this place. Book it now. They should know that hes not too Pleasant with black people hes not a very welcoming person and the emails I was getting at 1 in the morning was uncalled for. And smoking pot in your house then you fix to tell me that your place is the safest place which you smoking pot  in there great. I hated that I booked there I really did. Wish you best of luck just know not all black people are criminal or thugs. We do have some highly professionals young black man and woman. He’s such cool guy, feel free to ask for advice. He knows all the cool, chill  place that you can hanging around in NY. Casey is a kind host, very responsive and the appartment is very well located in Williamsburg, close to metro stations and not far from cool restaurants.  Just be aware that his roomate wakes up early in the morning, so you might need to bring earplugs!  Awesome location, close to subway and food! The host canceled this reservation 7 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	0
49	Chambre proche des transports dans Willimasburg. Jaime était joignable par le site airbnb tout au long de notre séjour bien que nous nayons pas eu loccasion de la voir. Fantastic place! Probably one of the best AirBnBs yet! Excellent price, excellent location, excellent room! Everything was really really clean,  the room and the apartment were fully equipped and super cozy. Also instructions to enter the building were really accurate and our experience was definitely excellent! Absolutely recommended The room was really clean, sunny, cozy.  In addition to these good points, Jaimes response was so quick that I worried nothing about my trip. The location is great for exploring Williamsburg and its easy to go to Manhattan as well. The host provided accurate information and was very easy to reach at all times. We barely met her but her roommates were sweet and helpful. The room was as described and served our needs just fine. The area is quiet so we were never bothered by traffic. Only thing we can comment on is the heavy smell in the hallway due to some industry next door. Sometimes we could smell it in the room as well - but there were plenty of scented candles provided :) Good price and comfy bed. Jaime made everything very simple and was very responsive on any questions. Very comfy bed. Great location.  Would gladly stay here again! This was the best airbnb room I ever booked. Jaime is super nice, warm and welcoming. She lived in ny since many years and can give great advice on where to go and what to do. Shes so nice and great to go for a coffee and chat with. Really enjoyed our conversations.  The room is much better than the photos and description shows.  Im quite demanding when it comes to cleanliness and standard of room and this completely exceeded my expectations. The room was spacious, with lots of light, clean and Tidy. The flat is super nice as well and in a great location, very central and easy to get around with the subway. Easy and quick to go to Manhattan but you feel you live like a local.  Communication with Jaime was always super quick and easy. I can only highly recommend this to anyone looking for a nice, authentic stay in Williamsburg.  Jaime was a fantastic host, she was hospitable, welcoming and available when we needed her, but also respected our privacy. She generously met our needs, gave us advice about how to spend our time in Brooklyn and was, above all, friendly and easy-going.     The room was private, clean and warm, it included cupboard space and lovely natural light.    The location was great too. Central and convenient, especially if you are interested in spending time in both Williamsburg and Bushwick.     Would highly recommend staying with Jaime. The host canceled this reservation 49 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Jaime was a really great host, super attentive and personable and very relaxed. She made us feel as home immediately. The room has nice natural light, a super comfy bed, and the heater worked amazing as we were there during a crazy cold front! We didnt use the kitchen, but it has everything you need if you do chose to. Her place is perfectly located! Its across the street from a cute French restaurant where you can have an amazing brunch and its walking distance to the main street of Williamsburg and to the metro, which can take you to the city with ease. We would definitely stay at Jaimes place again. Cheers! Great location, great host, great place to crash in NY!	1
50	"Lauris apartment in West Harlem is comfortable, welcoming and a great place to stay! Loved the artwork, the colors and the ""feel"" of her place. It is in a great location and its a 10-15 walk at most to Columbia Univ. Consider the 5 flights of stairs as a welcome excuse to not have to go to the gym! ; ) El apartamento está en una zona segura, junto a una avenida muy céntrica y al final de esa calle está la policía.  Lauri es encantadora y muy formal. Responde al instante cualquier solicitud que se le haga.  El apartamento es de lo más barato que te puedes encontrar y suficientemente cerca del centro de Manhattan, muy bien comunicado con el metro.  Las camas son suficientemente cómodas y grandes. Caben un máximo de 4 personas (2 en la cama de la habitación y otras 2 en el sofá cama de la sala).  La limpieza general es el punto más flaco, aunque en lo básico (sábanas, cuarto de baño) es correcta.  En resumen, es una buena opción a tener en cuenta si vas de turismo unos días a Nueva York. We very much enjoyed the stay at Lauris apartment. Photos and description described the listing accurately. The place is indeed as lovely as it looks.    Communication and dealing with Lauri was a pleasure. The apartment is conveniently close to two subway stations, connecting to several express and local lines. The neighbourhood is excellent.    Overall I can very much recommend Lauri as a host. Pasamos una muy buena estadia en la casa de Lauri. Estubimos muy comodos ya que el apartamento cuenta con todo el equipamiento necesario.  De el barrio en general o tenemos ningun comentario,tiene buena disponibilidad de Metros y Buses. Tambien tiene todos los servicios indispensables.  La anfitriona Lauri resulto una persona muy agradable y bien dispuesta.  En general fue una buena experiencia. Our time in Lauris appartement was very nice! The description of the apartement fits exactly, the area is nice, safe and if you go by the subways A and D it takes only one station to Columbus Circle. Lauri is an outstanding kind host! The contact was easy and reliable, she provided everything for us and helped us immediatly with some tipps for supermarkets, breakfast and so on.  In spite of the 5th floor: We would come again :-)  Lauris flat is a great spot for exploring NYC. The apartment is clean, spacious and well-located. The subway connecting you to all parts of Manhattan and beyond is just a few blocks away and Harlem has everything you could want. Lauri is friendly, communicative and helpful. I would definitely recommend this apartment to anyone looking for a cool NYC HQ.  It is in a unbeatable location, Harlem is awesome, great vibe and lot of fun. There is always a place to step by and listen to good music and enjoy some drinks. The apartment was exactly as described. Lauries place it is now in my list of favorite places to stay in NY.  Great apartment with a fabolous location (just 15min by foot). Lauri was super friendly with us! We enjoyed a lot our stay! I strongly recommend this apartment. Lauri a été super accueillante, du début à la fin ... Avant le voyage a répondu super vite à mes nombreuses questions pour le mieux. Lappartement correspondait aux photos, même plus spacieux ... Par contre assez bruyant la nuit car simple vitrage et beaucoup de circulation, agitation sur les routes ... Harlem peut faire peur de prime abord mais on sest senti en sécurité, aucun soucis. Merci beaucoup Lauri !  GREAT location! This apartment is totally ideal for transportation - close to the subway, close to the M60, couldnt ask for a better spot. A lot of people hear ""Harlem"" and worry about safety, but we felt completely secure - day AND night. Another plus? Easy access to lots of good food: delicious pastries, hip restaurants, late night delivery :)   Heads up, this isnt a ""hotel-like"" experience; our host lives there and vacated the apartment during our stay. More chairs/seating space would be nice as well.   All in all, a great stay - especially for students and families who appreciate easy access to Columbia. Thanks, Lauri! El anfitrion no consiguio que yo me sintiera como en mi casa. Ya lo explique antes. El apartamento no estaba en las condiciones de aseo minimas indispensables. No funciona el horno. El TV funciona mal. El control remoto del TV no funciona. En los placares no habia lugar para la ropa (nuestra ropa quedo en nuestras valijas). Lauri was amazing and super accommodating. She recommended places for us to visit, restaurants, etc. Her apartment was charming, and we really enjoyed the area, however it was loud sometimes at night. We would definitely stay again.  Lappartement est super bien situer ds un quartier très calme dHarlem mais 5 étages sans ascenseur  a  5 min de la 125st ligne de metro a proximité. Le gros problème cest la propreté les draps et serviette sente lenfermer canapé clic clac pas propre et pas confortable le lit ds la chambre on sent les ressort, aucun produit de nettoyage a dispo on a du tout acheter alors quelle nous a pris 70 dollars de frais de ménage. Laurie pour 1000e la semaine lappartement aurait du être niquel je reviendrai si cest vraiment PROPRE.  The apartment was perfect!  Enough place for four people and there was everything you ned. The location is awesome.... 5 minutes walk to subway.. lots of restaurants.... Lauri was very friendly and we could also check out 2 hours later!  Thanks again Lauri.   Lauri is a lovely host, the apartment has a great location in Harlem but the cleanliness could have been better. Thanks for everything! The host canceled this reservation 10 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. La casa es muy cómoda, se encuentra cerca de las estaciones principales de metro, ""c"" y ""a"". Tiene wifi,tv, una cama grande y un sillón cama perfecta para 4 personas. Además tiene todo el equipamiento de cocina por si quieres cocinar aqui. Recomiendo al 100% reservar este apto. Recomiendo este departamento sin dudas! Laurie is great at getting back to you quickly. She also has a pretty sweet culturally significant theme for the decorations. The bed was comfy, the pullout couch was fine as long as you had extra padding, so be aware if you are booking for more than one bed. We really enjoyed getting to know the city from there and recommend this experience to anyone needing a good value and a fun place to stay."	0
51	Although I didnt get to see John, I had everything necessary for a pleasant stay. He replied to texts promptly and was very helpful. The apartment itself was very comfortable and artsy. Its just a block away from the subway and the neighborhood is great! Id definitely recommend staying here. La casa estaba muy bien ubicada, cerca de la parada del metro en una buena zona del lower east side, a 15 minutos de chinatown andando y con sitios dnd poder comprar cerca de casa. Las instalaciones eran tal y como las concertamos y si volviesemos repetiriamos con john. John was a really nice host. Johns place is in a fantastic location in Lower East Side, and the subway is less than a minute away. The listing was accurate. John was very nice and I have enjoyed my stay at LES for how well located it is and for the overall experience of the neighborhood.    The room is bright has you see in the pictures facing the interior courtyard with a nice tall tree making the house all together very charismatic.   The place is as it was shown in the pictures. The bed is comfortable and adequate to visit new york considering the price. The neighbourod is very interesting with lot of restaurants close. I would recomend to make easier the stay to give some key indications wrote it in a pape or a map. It would be a plus since i know  that it is not an hotel. So,  Definitely i would stay again without hesitation. Great place and a great location.  The bed folded down and was nice and comfortable.  There was AC in the room if you were too hot, which was nice.    John was in contact with me the whole time in case we needed anything.  Great bars and restaurants within a few blocks of the apartment and the subway was only a few blocks as well.  You go up four levels of stairs which is actually nice after eating all day.  I recommend the place. Fantastic location, great comfortable big bed, AC and John is very welcoming/flexible. The apartment and bedroom is actually quite large for New York City and there are some great places to drink/eat nearby (Id recommend the Donnybrook For a nice place to drink!). It was my first ever airbnb stay and I would definitely stay again, pretty much everything you could want from an airbnb!  John was very nice and responsive and his apartment is so conveniently located: only 1 minute from a multitude of trains and access to both downtown and uptown NY. The room is cozy and perfect for 2 people. Definitely recommend his place for a visit in New York!  The host canceled this reservation 3 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. John is a great host, very helpful. The location of the apt. - perfect. I definitely recommend it ! A GREAT place to stay ! Best host, always ready to help if necessary, and just a great guy to be staying with. Best location, close to everything nyc has to offer. Large room with extra comfortable bed. We hope to stay at Jonhs on our next trip there. Thanks again John !    Un endroit fantastique où demeurer à New York ! Un hôte discret toujours prêt à donner un coup de main ou des conseils si nécessaire., et avec qui il est agréable de vivre. Grande chambre avec lit extra confortable. Nous espérons pouvoir rester encore chez John lors de notre prochain voyage. Merci encore John ! Awesome host! Positive attitude and very honest about introducing NYC. Location is perfect too, cool blocks are very close.	0
52	Nous avons passé un séjour de 5 jours chez Devon (surnommé Malik), qui fût super ! Disponible, sympa, malik nous a donné pleins de bonnes adresses et a même cuisiné pour nous (un repas délicieux au passage). Cerise sur le gâteau, il nous a prêté 2 vélos et nous a emmené pour un tour dans le bronx, le upper west side et central park. Franchement, nous avons passé une bonne semaine ! Par contre, pour les maniaques, ce logement nest pas pour vous : malik a un petit problème avec le ménage. Néanmoins, il est prêt à sy mettre si vous le lui demandez avec insistance. Malik nous A très chaleureusement accueilli, il est très gentil et prêt à vous aider au moindre problème. Il a etait très compréhensif quand à notre Check-out.   En revanche, je ne suis pas maniache mais la propreté laisse à désirer, tout va bien tant que vous nallez pas plus loin que la chambre et la salle de bain. Il na pas de hotte de ce fait, les odeurs de cuisine sont très vite propagés dans lappartement !  This place was awesome!! The room was large and spacious! Looked exactly like the picture. The host Devon, was SOOOOO accommodating! He was very helpful and made my stay smooth.  We booked last minute and Devon (Malik) was an awesome host. He was so understanding and friendly! Id definitely stay again. Devon was helpful. He also gave me some recommendations about places to visit and how to move myself in the city. About his places you get for what you pay. Decent place to stay. 	0
53	Michael’s loft is awesome.  The neighborhood is diverse and has some amazing street art. I booked last minute and then ran late to check in.  Michael was completely understanding. The commute from/too Manhattan is easy to manage. The room has a nice, comfortable bed and the bathroom has a great tub/shower combo. Michael is easy to talk to and very friendly.  I give this one five thumbs up!  Michaels place reminds me of one of those Russian nesting dolls: an immaculately kept apartment, in an industrial chic building, in a warm and vibrant neighborhood. Hes one of the best hosts Ive encountered on airbnb. Couldnt have asked for a better stay. Cheers! Staying at Michaels was awesome. Everything was exactly like the ad described. He was very friendly and hospitable. One of the nicest aspects to staying here was the breath taking view on the rooftop of the skyline.  Id recommend staying here, if your travels bring you to NYC ! Such an amazing place and Michael was very welcoming and friendly. One of the best places I’ve stayed! I had a great stay with Michael! The room/place was wonderful! Michael showed good hospitality and was very accommodating. It’s in a artsy building with a lot  amenities. Lots of restaurants, coffee shops, groceries, etc. around the neighborhood too.  Would love to stay there again some day!  Thank you again, Michael! Michael personally greeted us upon our arrival and gave us tour of the building and adressed our questions. Moreover, his warm and hospitally was welcoming and comforting. The apartment and room were immaculate. We would highly recommending staying with Michael. This place was great! Michael was very attentive to anything I needed, and extremely kind. The place was very clean and in a great artsy area! The building was one of a kind as well! I highly recommend this stay! Will be booking again! Only stayed here for one night, but I found the space to be very clean and comfortable. The building is quiet and safe, and Michael was a great host, offering dinner recommendations and providing us with any additional information we needed. This was my first time using airbnb for a room and not a full apartment/home, and I was a bit skeptical, but the space and Michaels hosting abilities put any hesitations I had to rest. Would certainly stay here again and definitely recommenced Michaels place to friends or family. I needed a place to stay the night and work on some editing without distractions. Michael’s place was quiet and clean, comfy and cozy for the snowy night. Michael was very quick in responding to my questions and was very welcoming. Highly recommend! Michael’s place was pretty nice. The bedroom was big and clean. The apartment had a gym and a laundry room. The host was very helpful and offered me some transportation tips. Great guy, I stayed for one night only and I really enjoyed the apartment, it’s modern and very stylish/artsy. Even though I had a last minute early checkin Michael drove from far to help me checkin. Thanks man have a good one! Michael was quick to respond and overall an excellent host. The building amenities made our stay extra special and we would definitely stay there again. Michael is very helpful and his place is very modern and clean. I suggest it Great building, super super clean, good location & excellent value for your dollar. The host was very communicative and gave me great recommendations and answered my incessant questions. I’ll definitely stay again! STAY HERE!!! I loved every second of this place. It’s a beautiful apartment, there’s so much to do around here, the train is close and the people in the area are great!! Worth every penny I spent! Thank you Michael!! Comfortable, clean apartment in a great building, in a perfect spot of Bushwick. Also warm (I stayed during the #bombcyclone). Close to Myrtle Avenue and Morgan Avenue stations. Lots of cool cafes and bars nearby. Michael was a perfect host. Amazing value. Would definitely stay again.  Impeccably clean and comfortable space in a modern building. Host is friendly and helpful. Would stay again. Great host. Very kind and made the check in very seamless.  非常棒 一切都感觉不像民宿而是一个新酒店。到曼哈顿也还蛮快的。干净 安静 暖和 设施齐备。位置在布鲁克林的布希维克,像房东说的附近年轻学生比较多,还比较安全。真心推荐给小伙伴们。 Great value, unique building with a chill and creative vibe. The host provided towels, a keyring, etc and is great at answering texts, but mostly stays out of the way and lets you enjoy your time in the space. Our housemates were nice and theres still plenty of opportunity for privacy.  Things to note: -There is parking on-site if you need it and the host provides the necessary pass. Super convenient. It does fill up at night and you may get ticketed for parking on the street, so watch out for that! -We stayed in Jan 2018 and the closest metro station was closed. That being said, the one we used was not a far walk and theres an optional shuttle from there as well. -If youre staying in fall or winter, this bedroom can get a bit chillier than the rest of the house--but pack some warm PJs, and youll be just fine. -The shower here is amazing after a long day in the city, and make sure you check out the rooftop patio during your visit. Amazing views!  Overall, recommended and would stay again. I was pleasantly surprised to stay in such a nice place.  The only negative aspect of the stay was a long, narrow window in the bedroom near the ceiling; it let in a lot of sound from the other guests who were awake early in the morning.  Other than that the bathroom and the rest of the space were spotless.  Michael was friendly and helpful while introducing the space and provided us with recommendations for local spots.  I would stay again. Michael was a fantastic host. Allowed me to drop my bags off early. Was able to come in at late hours. Super clean apartment. About a 10 minute walk to the J train. 2 mini marts on the corner. Loved the roof access and private theatre. It is a must stay if you truly want to experience Bushwick. The room had a personal heater to stay warm and kitchen space was plenty to eat comfortably next to the living room. I would recommend to check the arcade and theater space (if staying longer) everything was really fine and michael is a kind and great host Overall the place is so amazing from the front door to the roof top I loved everything about this place Cool building with great amenities if you are looking for that.  The gym looked great but i didnt get a chance to use it.  The walk to Morgan st L was about 10 minutes and the L train service is fast even at 5:30 in the morning.  The place was clean and comfortable.  If you want to be in Bushwick, this is a great choice. Michael is super welcoming, and his place apartment is exactly as pictured. It’s a residential feeling neighborhood with lively Bushwick streets nearby, providing the perfect combo to a relaxing yet fun visit to Brooklyn. I highly recommend this place. Michael is a great host! House is clean! Less than 20 min train ride to Manhattan, great location, definitely will recommend to a friend! This is my first Airbnb experience and it was great!	1
54	Great host and very helpful & knowledgeable about the area :) loved it  Nice studio in a calm neighborhood. 5 min walk to the subway and 10-15 minutes to manhattan from their. Mono is a great host and gave us a lot of advices on the neighborhood.  Great apartment, beautifully desinegned and very clean. We had and amazing time and we would definitely recommend to everyone!! We hope to be back very soon!  The listing overall was accurate and the check in/ check out process was convenient. The immediate neighborhood was nice with several good restaurants nearby. However the nearest subway stop was about 10 minutes away. Not a big problem but something to be cognizant of. The pictures accurately represent the listing so they detail all of its shortcomings and benefits. Looks better in person  The studio was extremely clean and tidy, with enough amenities for a very comfortable stay. It was accessible by public transit. The host was incredibly communicative and flexible as well! The studio was clean and comfortable and in a nice location. We enjoyed our stay!	1
55	I highly recommend this apartment right in the heart of midtown.  Not only did this apartment live up to our high expectations but it was in a good location. The host called before arrival to assure everything went smoothly. The host was incredibly accommodating and got back to us quickly whenever we had questions. Very friendly and down to earth. The apartment was beautiful and was as described in ad. I would definitely stay there again without a doubt! Nice place Siempre contesto los mensajes muy bien Comfortable beds, central location, clean but very basic apartment. Prepare to haul your luggage three floors up. Appartement très bien placé pour visiter Manhattan, propre et confortable. Hôte joignable facilement. Une des trois chambres se situant côté rue, elle est un petit peu bruyante, ce qui reste normal étant donné l’emplacement de l’appartement. Très bon séjour. Bonny made it super easy to find and access the apartment, which was clean and very nice! Thank you for a great stay, Bonny! Bonny’s place was centrally located and was advertised. Me and my friends enjoyed the close proximity to everything and the room was nice and comfy. Highly recommended  The location is great! Two blocks away from Penn station. That made using the subway a little better. Expect lots of loud noises before quiet time because there’s lot of traffic in the front and people are always honking for no reason. The place was clean, check in was smooth, beds were super comfy! Bonnys place in Chelsea was perfect for my family! Location was excellent, especially for those not wanting to be stuck constantly in the tourist spots in Times Square. We were the perfect distance away get in all the melee if we wanted but far enough for it to be walkable and quiet on our walk home. Chelsea is the perfect location to stay in NYC!  The apartment itself was cozy, comfy and very efficient. The beds were SO COMFORTABLE! I have stayed at Hyatts that dont have beds as nice as this apartment. My kids loved their rooms and having their own space. The 1.5 baths was perfect for 4 people (necessary!) and the home was spotlessly clean.  The 3 flights up was a little tough with all our winter-clothes filled luggage on the first day but after that it was fine and we got used to the climb very quickly.   I only have one slight complaint and this really had no bearing on the apartment itself or the owner. The 2nd floor apartment has a heavy smoker living within and in the evenings the smell could be strong. We lit candles and it was never overpowering but it was there nonetheless so just an observation. It would NOT deter me from staying here again!!  Also the cable basically didnt work but luckily the smart TV had Netflix which was perfect. (There is only one tv if that is important to anyone.)  Bonny was such a kind and sweet and perfect host! There was a special surprise waiting for us when we arrived and it completed the magic of our first time away from home for Christmas!! The place is sparkling clean and spacious. Only a block from Penn Station and super convenient. We could even stroll to Times Square (20-30 min) while window shopping. Four of us could stay comfortably. The host is responsive via Airbnb message. Highly recommend the place and we will come back for the next visit. We stayed at Bonnys place for a week at the start of July, during a cold snap in NYC, and this was a great place to come back to after a day out in the snow. The apartment was really clean, the beds were comfy and check in/key collection was really simple. The location is great, being so close to Penn Sation makes it a great place to explore NYC from. The area is pretty nice and felt safe even late at night, there are also great amenities nearby. All in all, it was a great place to stay and I would recommend it to anyone travelling to New York. Great space with lots of room, very clean! Great location!! Bonny was an excellent host, quick to respond, flexible and with a great disposition to facilitate our stay. We loved and enjoyed our time in NY. The location is perfect allowing us to walk and enjoy many attractions around the city. We had no issues during our 10 day stay and loved every minute of it. Thank you for making our visit to NY a memorable one! We will be back:-) Bonny’s place was a real find - three bedrooms in the heart of NYC - perfect for us and something we didn’t think we’d be able to get - Bonny is super helpful and the apartment guide is thorough. Highly recommend! This was a serious find and the location was exactly what we needed. I lived in NYC for seven years. I read the noise complaints in other reviewers and it makes me think they’ve never been to Manhattan before. If you don’t like noise, get a white noise app or ear plugs. Otherwise, get a hotel where you’re on the 20th+ floor, this is NYC! Only one room was loud as it faces a busy street but not a big deal. Place is very well located next to a ton of action. It’s close to Penn Station, the Theater District, and you’re just a few blocks away from one of the busiest shopping areas of the city. Having the two bathrooms (one only has toilet and sink)  was huge in helping our crew get up and out on time. We were a party of 5 and fit comfortably. You’re a few blocks away from a ton of dining options, the subways (Amtrak and Path included, and with easy access to lots of Tourist destinations. Easy instructions and great host. I’ll be back. Thanks for letting us stay here. The place was great and in the perfect area. Everything was easy to use and understand. Thank you for the hospitality, we will be back in the city again and hopefully we can stay in your place again. Bonny was great help and the place was very comfortable!	1
56	The place was all in all great! Just one minute from the subway (L line) and one subway stop away from Manhattan. It is a small, but cozy place. The neighborhood is pretty safe, the are restaurants and delis where you can get food. We really enjoyed it and the value was very good for the money we paid. I reccomend this place to anyone who is not very picky and if you need a place to stay just to sleep, but also be close to the city. Great location in Williamsburg and pretty clean.  There was an unpleasant incident with the hosts on my last day, when I heard them talking about me, apparently after entering my room while I was still there asleep, cause they wanted to clean it up (although I had talked about checking out later than normal before I booked it as well as this very morning with one of the hosts) which honestly I found really rude.  Bring towels and your own toilet paper, other than that, great stay. Very convenient location.  What a cool apartment! I really liked my floor I felt like I had my own space. The hosts are awesome and have great tips for the area. They know where to go out and eat!  The apt is in a good location. Great space for price. The host canceled this reservation 55 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The room was ok. The bed too hard, and bad pillows. We were two, and only left towels for one. (We paid for two) The bathroom was disgusting. A girl staying there three weeks before us, said theyve never clean it all. After we complained, they send a person to clean it... but it was the same. Only recommend the apt for the location, and if you only will stay 1 or 2 Nights.  Sasha the owner, always was kind when we called her, but this not solve those things. Clean, quiet, and cozy. Its super close to just about everything including public transportation. I had a great stay and am looking forward to coming here again in the future. This place is super well located in Williamsburg, 2 minutes walking from the closest subway station to Manhattan. The area has a lot of cool bars, cafés and restaurants. The room has a comfortable size for one person, and you will be sharing a nice kitchen and bathroom with two other rooms. Would stay here again. This place is clean and quiet as well as bathroom. Also, the location close to subway about 1 minutes away. Coffee shop and restaurants are nearby. Its a nice house for either business or vacation. The location is good. However the noise is unberable and there always seems to be late gatherings in the common area. The bathroom was not really cleaned either. There was no curtain in the room. I had a great time here. Having codes on the doors instead of keys made arriving and leaving nice and easy. Great location, very near the subway. There was no curtain or blind on the window which made me a little uncomfortable, but otherwise a happy customer!	0
57	This was a warm and welcoming place to stay for the month I was in Manhattan. Hannah is a great host.  Awesome place, great location, and Hanna was so helpful if there were any questions about the city. Highly recommended! The room is small in size but as accurate as photo. The location is very good, convenient to many restaurants, cafe and bar as well as subway. You can walk to China and Italy town for food and many interesting streets with museum and art galleries surrounding. Hanna is very friendly and helpful rven though we dont get to meet so frequent. Highly recommended the place if u r single traveler, want a good budget place to stay and near central area.  The place is lovely, the location is perfect and Hanna is an amazing host. Highly recommended. Will certainly stay there again in the future! lo mejor la ubicacion.. facil para moverse hacia cualquier lado de la ciudad.. con el subte cerca y en un barrio genial!!! y hanna es una divina!!! seguramente si vuelvo intente tratar con ella devuelta para volver a ir porq el depto es comodo y queda cerca de todo.. y en una zona llena de bares como para salir a divertirse un rato!!! Hanna was a great host, very reactive. Checking in and out could not be easier and the place was exactly as advertised, a great value considering the amazing location. I will stay there again. Stayed in this room for 2 weeks and loved it. The location is AMAZING and so close to the 4,5,6 trains. Fell in love with East Village and the room was perfect for what I needed! Great location...small East Village (Website hidden by Airbnb) nothing luxurious about it, but nice to be so close to things Hanna is lovely and kind, she was super responsive, unfortunately I didnt get to share the flat with her.  When I stayed, I shared the flat with one other girl, who was silent but not the cleanest ever.   About the flat it self, the room doesnt look a lot like the one in the picture. In terms of the cleaning, the flat was quite dirty, it smelled bad and the lightbulb stoped working. There were traps for mice and roaches, which is relevant to acknowledge. I can understand that it is NY but more notice prior would be cool.   I have to say as well that as soon as I told Hanna I wasnt comfortable she tried her best, she was super responsive. Dont know if I wasnt lucky or it was not the best time.   Location is super cool.	0
58	Really nice size apartment.  I had my family of 5 stay here and it was very comfortable!  It was winter and we werent able to enjoy the outdoor space, but that would be great in nice weather. Vinny is very nice and responsive Vinny was a great host, the apt is in a perfect location to reach all the main sites without stress. It could suits very well 4 people, we were 6 and the spaces were a bit tight. Well certainly come again! Vinny was great, he accommodated to our needs and checked us in early. Very nice place, exactly as described for great value. Very ideal location and slept 6 comfortably. Will book this place again for sure.  Vinnys place was great! He is very friendly and helpful. Definitely recommend! First, Vinny is the nicest and most helpful airbnb host I have ever dealt with. Between a plane delay on our way in, and a snafu with our keys on the way out, we got to see just how helpful and accommodating he was.  He is the best and his place is too!  The location is convenient and its even better in person than in the photos.   I grew up not far from there and I was blown away by the hidden gem. Its spacious and really well laid out so that it can fit a number of people comfortably. Its on the first floor so no lugging luggage up and down windy stairs.   Seriously, its a great value in a great spot and I cant wait to go back.  Vinny a été un hôte très accueillant et arrangeant aussi bien à notre arrivée quà notre départ. Apartment bien placé à 1km à pieds du métro dans une rue calme. Une chambre spacieuse pour les parents et 2 canapés lit pour nos 3 ados dans le salon bien représenté par la photo du site. Toute petite cuisine mais bien équipée. Idem pour la salle de bain. Bon compromis pour une famille de 5 personnes. On  a adoré notre sejour à New York.  Vinnys apartment is really nice and has a great location. Good host. He was so helped a lot us.!! I really like this house! because its very clean and very close to any famous places.  He asked me a lot what he can help me. Thank you very much! I will contact you soon for next time visit!!!!  감사합니다!!!  Vinny was a fantastic host! He communicated with us while we were there and helped us out with anything and everything. He made sure we felt comfortable in his place. I cant wait to go back to New York and stay there again.  This place is perfectly situated in Gramercy Park. We were a party of three and had plenty of space without feeling like being on top of one another. Vinny made the check in and check out procedure very easy for us. He regularly checked in on us to see if there was anything he could do to make our trip more comfortable. The washer dryer in the building was also very convenient for us to use. When we come back next year we will stay here again.  Great location, Vinny was awesome to work with!  Great place! Would definitely stay again if I need a place in NY  This is a great place, very quiet, very clean, and with an incredible host.  Vinny is one of the more thoughtful and attentive AirBnB hosts Ive encountered.  Strong recommendation. A good house and very centrally located.However rent is on the higher side as compared to the size of the property,probably due to its location.  Vinny is a very good host.Would highly recommend and would love to stay there on my future visits..... Vinny was good host. Apt was well priced by NYC standards.  Le logement est bien situé, à 10 minutes à pied du métro. Vinny a été un hôte à lécoute et disponible. Il a réglé le problème de climatisation sans tarder, nous a procuré un blender... bref, nous avons passé un très bon séjour ! Merci Vinny Great place to stay, very comfortable, with a private terrace! very central safe and easy to get around. Extremely helpful and kind host very flexible with arrival and departure arrangements. Highly recommended The house was perfect for 4 or maybe even 6 person.   On the ground floor, strategically located. Close to everything (supermarket, cinema, restaurants and subway).   Would highly recommend  Apartamento muy recomendable por su emplazamiento, a 5 mits del metro en barrio muy tranquilo. Great location, sweet place.  Vinny was friendly, flexible and happy to help in any way that he could. Vinny is an excellent host. He is very accommodating and is extremely helpful. He went out of his way to make us feel welcome. The locations of the apartment is excellent with everything a short walk away. Just outside the place are lovely restaurants and the subway is a 5 min walk. But the place was very disappointing and not what I expected. The toilets are also very dirty and the apartment quite claustrophobic. The lighting of the apartment is very dim and quite depressing. Great, clean, well priced living space in a fabulous area. Highly recommend this place to others looking for well presented and safe lodgings. Five stars! Vinny was very accomodating in letting me keep my bags at the apartment on the final day as I had a late flight out of JFK which was really appreciated. Great place and location. The apartment is located in a very nice, safe and quiet location with restaurants and shops within a block away. Convenient to get to from LGA. The pictures are very accurate - a perfect little place to relax and rest  for the little amount of time we were there. The outdoor space was great also. Vinny is a great host. Always available and willing to answer any and all questions you may have. He was also very accommodating as our flight got in earlier than expected, and he let us drop our bags even tho the apartment wasnt quite ready for us. I would highly recommend this place and will definitely look into renting from Vinny again! Place is in a great spot in the City, and surprisingly spacious. Vinny fue un excelente anfitrión. Fue muy fácil comunicarse con él tanto antes de la llegada como durante la estadía. Nuestro vuelo doméstico hacia Nueva York fue cancelado y llegamos al lugar 5 horas más tarde de lo esperado. Vinny nos esperó hasta las 10 de la noche y con gran predisposición nos mostró el departamento y nos dejó algunos consejos para la estadía. El último día teníamos un vuelo nocturno y nos permitió dejar el equipaje en el apartamento unas horas extra mientras su amable amiga Sue limpiaba el lugar para los próximos huéspedes. El lugar es enorme para los estándares de la ciudad, limpio y tal como se ve en las fotos. Camas muy cómodas, cocina bien equipada. El wi-fi funciona perfecto. Está en la planta baja de un edificio tranquilo. Está ubicado a solo 3 cuadras de un metro (líneas verdes) y a 5 de otro (líneas amarillas), es muy fácil llegar a cualquier zona de Manhattan desde allí. Hay un supermercado a la vuelta, aunque Vinny nos aconsejó que fuéramos a los convenience stores sobre la 2da avenida que son más económicos. Muchos restaurantes cerca y tiendas de todo tipo sobre la 23rd. Lo recomiendo! Gracias por todo Vinny! Pros: - Location of Kips Bay was excellent. So much to do in the area, all walking distance - Price was reasonable, especially given the costs of hotels and other rentals in the area - Street parking was available for free and it wasnt a big issue trying to find it. Just be aware of the signs - Access to the unit was easy because its the very first one in the building. There are no steps/stairs - Outdoor area was small and a bit dark, but nice to have - Air conditioners were great  Cons: - Was asked to check in two hours later than originally advertised, which was a pain to work around - Floor was not vacuumed - Had to search through cupboards/closets for towels and bedding. It was plentiful when found, but we had no instruction on where it would be.  - Landlord/Super does not approve of Airbnb, which COULD make for an awkward situation - Shower barely got warm (though my friends did not have this experience) - Key exchange was muffed - There was not enough communication when it was necessary, and too much communication when it was not - Inside of the place is not easy on the eye. Its bare minimum. But if you dont plan on being there much, thats not an issue. My husband and I had a great stay at Vinnys apartment. As other reviewers have stated he was very responsive and accommodating to our scheduling needs.  He was very thorough walking us through the apartment, offered his availability around the clock and checked in with us to ensure our stay was going well.  The apartment was spotless upon our arrival. Overall it was consistent with the pictures however it wasnt quite as bright as it appeared in some of the images.  Ive noticed that some reviewers have commented that it is tight on space. In general New York apartments arent overly huge. The living room and bedroom were spacious based upon New York standards and the bathrooms and kitchen were consistent with the many apartments weve stayed in throughout the city. The extra half bath is a rare find.  The outdoor space is nothing fancy but it does come in handy if you want to have a beverage and a smoke. Also rare to have an outdoor space.  The location is fabulous with everything you need within walking distance as well as countless restaurants and bars.  Overall it was a wonderful stay. Nous avons passé un très bon séjour! Lappartement est bien situé et très calme! À notre arrivé, lappartement nétait pas encore nettoyé nous avons dû patienter une petite heure, mis à part cela, lappartement nous a bien convenu. Notre hôte était très disponible. Vinny rushed to meet us at the appartment, earlier than planned, which was really appreciated. The appartment is quite large for NY standard and well equiped. Only small issue with hot water in the morning, better to shower after 9am ;) Apartment was in a good location; however, the listing says that the apartment is self-check in with keypad, but the host required that he be present when we check in. Awesome accommodations by the host. Large and beautiful apartment in a prime location of NYC! We loved our stay! Vinny was very nice and welcoming! The neighborhood was very nice and had a little bit of everything. It was super close to the train and bus stops which was very convenient! There were five of us staying here and we had plenty of room!! Very friendly host, even though the apt is a bit small. We liked it because its still cozy. Vinny is a responsive and courteous host!  His apartment is in a great location, and its very spacious for the price (plenty of room for my wife, two kids, and me).  There is very little natural light, and the furnishings and amenities are basic.  But if you plan to spend most of your time in New York out and about, then this is a great choice. Great location and apartment fitted out well. Everything was great. Location is good, the place is clean and Vinny is a great host very convenient (he allowed us to check out later).	1
59	Place exactly as described/shown, which was super for our needs.  Host was great, suggested a lot of places and stuff to do.  Recommended! Things did not go as smoothly as expected, but Pierre was very responsive to my issues. This is a 5th floor walk-up and the door is also very difficult to open. Just FYI for any future guests. I would very much recommend this apartment to anyone. Everything was perfect. Pierre was very helpful, the area is great, the apartment is perfect.. what else do you need.   The host canceled this reservation 34 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. I had a wonderful stay at this beautiful studio in the best neighborhood in NYC. This was my first time staying alone on a trip to the city, and Pierres place made me feel safe, comfortable, and completely relaxed and ready to explore. A stay at this place is sure to fully satisfy your wanderlust!  Excellent location. Nice clean apartment with everything we needed. Very easy going host. Would stay again.  The best part of this place is the location. There is lots to do around the place, and it is pretty quiet still because it is on the 5th floor. 	0
60	The host canceled this reservation 16 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Peter was very, very helpful and accommodating. I really appreciated all his help. The apartment was beautiful, and the recommendations he made for neighborhood food were great. Loved the neighborhood! Peters home was very cozy, charming, and spotless! It was exactly as it is in the pictures. I would definitely stay there again! Both the location of the apartment and the apartment itself are great. Surrounded with places to eat and drink as well as only being a few blocks away from the subway. Beautiful apartment. I couldnt ask for anything more.  The place was clean and exactly like the pictures. The king size bed was comfortable just like a hotel one and king size beds are hard to come by! The location was great too, only a few blocks from the subway station and Bagelsmith! There are other cafes and grub spots in proximity also. I did not get to meet the host but I was able to conveniently get the keys from the Keycafe which is located inside of Bagelsmith. I would definitely stay there again! Great sized place, convenient location, and helpful communication, directions, and neighborhood restaurant suggestions by Peter and Molly. Thank you for sharing your home! 	1
61	Nice place, great location too Great 2 bed apartment ( good size for 2 people). The apartment is 2 minutes away from the metro which is brilliant for travelling around. Getting into Manhattan takes 20 (Website hidden by Airbnb) Valentine our co-host was very friendly and helpful. I highly recommend this host! I had a great stay at Allys place! There was communication throughout my whole stay. The place is in a great location, close to the train and many bodegas. Bed was comfortable and the AC was cool. Very easy to find parking. Would definitely recommend! Very clean. Great location, right next to metro station. Although parking is first come first serve, most of time there is you can find one. I parked at a nearby garage (very convenient, two metro station away) when there is no spot available. Most importantly, the host is extremely helpful and kind. It is a very nice apartment. We were there with a family of 5 and found everything we needed for our short stay. Its conveniently located on the metro line. The neighborhood is authentic and full of energy. But the best was a nice vegan restaurant next door.   Great location; steps away from the subway station. Apartment was great and very clean. Neighbourhood is also great( Grand street has quite a few amazing restaurants and its within walking distance Great place... As advertised. No big issues. Easy check in and out process. Walkable to shops in east Williamsburg/Brooklyn. Steps from public transport- get to manhattan in <20 minutes.  Spacious apartment, clean and well located. The host was very helpful. Valentine who is Allys Co-Host was amazing. He made sure to stay in communication with us the entire trip: Would definitely recommend this location to anyone visiting New York for the first time. Very easy access to the subway and surrounding food spots. Thanks guys !!! Allys place was a great place to stay in for my friends and I! The place was really clean and nicely setup that made us feel very comfortable. There were great places to eat near by and citi bikes right in front of the building. If your not from the area, I will say be warned that you may run into a wandering cockroach the size of mice, but its NEW YORK! Get over it hahaha. I loved it either way, and would definitely go back Great location! Very nice apartment, clean and comfortable. Enjoyed the neighborhood as well. A big plus for me was the vegan restaurant next door. Im a vegetarian that lives in Springfield, Mo. (we have zero vegan/vegetarian restaurants) so the convenience was especially nice. Also loved that it was pet friendly. I feel like my dog had a great time in NY :) I would definitely recommend Allys place. We had a great stay at Allys place.  The location is perfect for this area of Brooklyn.  VERY close to the L & fun parts of Bushwick/Williamsburg.  We saw shows in Manhattan & Brooklyn and enjoyed great food at great prices (better than the city).  The space is good.  The beds are very comfortable.  Nice to have a kitchen, but dont plan on cooking more than toast & coffee - not much in way of kitchen supplies.  AC window units kept the unit comfortable.  I brought a bluetooth speaker so that we could play music.  My only complaint was that there are NO window shades, which made for very bright early mornings! Spacious and close to public transportation. Easy to go around. Great location, clean and excellent house. I recommend this place for people who are looking for a central place to visit new york. Excellent for groups of 4 people. The check in was three hours late, we have to waited outside and sent several messages but its close to the metro stop. Excelente ubicacion con el metro a unos pasos para ir a cualquier parte ... supermercado a la vuelta de la casa y unas pizzas deliciosas ... muy agradable mi estancia Great place - really spacious for a NY apartment!  Across from subway. Into the city in no time. We chose the place chiefly because it was close to family, and would accept the dog, but it was pretty much exactly as billed.  They need to work out a few bugs, like having all the linen ready for you, and the front window curtain rod that fell.  The wifi does seem to be the neighboring restaurants, and we could not find the orientation binder everybody seems to have.  That being said, it was perfect for us.  Clean, with comfortable beds, and close to everything one might want in that part of the world.  We will definitely go back. Great location right next to subway. However noisy also. The location was perfect for us. It is bare bones in Brooklyn. We did need to buy toilet paper. Appartement confortable bien situé à 50m du métro (pratique pour visiter), un peu bruyant, les lits sont de bonne qualité équipement un peu succinct pas de télé. Nous navons pas eu de contact avec Ally mais Valentin à été très serviable et agréable avec nous. Ally’s place was super convenient to L train, restaurants, bodegas and bars. The interior is chic with ample access to linens and extra pillows. The home is older but had been nicely kept up. We had a great stay and felt like there was plenty of room for our group. Thanks Ally! We had a great stay at Ally’s place. Very close to the transit and easy to get to and from Manhattan. 2 stops from Bedford Ave in Williamsburg which has great shops,bars and restaurants. Would definitely stay here again. Location is great, was able to find parking right across the street. Few issues with check in, did not receive any directions ahead of time, no wifi info, and had to wait for clean towels. We never heard from Ally herself but her co-host Valentine was very nice and accommodating. The beds are comfortable but the place did lack a few things. As someone else mentioned, we also had to buy toilet paper. The location is very good seconds away from the subway, Valentine was very responsive and he helped us with what ever he could as well as Ally.  We had a great time and we hope to come back soon! This apartment is about one minute from the subway and a few convenient stores which was great. The vegan restaurant next door was very good and we appreciated the complimentary do-nuts on our last night and the 20% discount off our meal on our first night. The bedrooms back on to a yard and are relatively peaceful. The living room faces the street and is a little noisy. All beds were comfortable. The neighbours downstairs played quite loud music on two nights, but Valentine spoke to them. We appreciated the kitchen, the good shower, and the whole experience of being in New York. It was quite a spacious apartment, not quite as perfect as it looks in the photos, but our group of four were happy with it. A great place to stay - good location, warm, comfy beds and good shower with plenty of hot water, local shops, bars and eating places and very nearby subway. Tv and hairdryer not included - do note. Great place, good location Close to public transportation. Quick to get into Manhattan, etc. This place is cozy and clean. Less than a minute to subway station. Great! Good location if you don’t mind neighbours who play loud music till late at night. The apartment is spacious and  has all the amenities (except for a hairdryer)... it was a comfortable space for a party of 3. I think the apartment could do with some proper cleaning as the rooms are very dusty. Valentine nous attendait à notre arrivée. Lappartement était propre, jolie et conforme aux photos. Il est tout près du métro et assez spacieux pour 4 personnes. Nous lavions loué à 6, ce qui était un peu juste. Commerces et restos à proximité. Nous avons passé un agréable séjour,  nos hôtes étaient toujours réactifs à nos questions et disponible pour tout.  Die Wohnung ist nicht für einen Aufenthalt im Winter geeignet. Fenster sind undicht! Das Treppenhaus und der Hinterhof waren total vermüllt. In der sehr schmutzigen Wohnung standen Müllsäcke und kaputte Möbel. Die Betten waren nicht bezogen. Der Kühlschrank voll mit alten Lebensmitteln. Die Küchenschränke waren klebrig! Die Wohnung ist total überteuert. Die Bilder entsprechen nicht den Tatsachen. Erstaunlich was man bei airbnb alles angeboten bekommt! Our stay at Valentine and Allys place was great. Check in was easy and location was easy to get around the city. Valentine checked in the first day to make sure everything was okay. It’s a cute and cozy place. Even better looking than the pictures. Had a great time in this location and Valentine is a great host this is my second time being in one of his locations and once again no complaints. The location & space were perfect for what I was needing. I liked the layout of the space. It was plenty warm enough, with the ability to change the thermostat as needed. I felt very comfortable lounging in the living/dining area during my stay. Valentin was always quick to respond via text if I had any questions. Theres a bodega on the corner with healthy-ish snacks, right next to the metro (train). Also, the place is situated over a vegan restaurant that serves great food. I will definitely be staying again when I come to visit my sis who lives down the street. Its modest, but it matches the price and I felt comfortable. Not a lot of extra TP (as the other reviews stated) but that was fine by me. Great location, great price and plenty of room for 4 of us to co-habitate for the weekend. Some kinks remain to be ironed out with the pre-arrival info, but having lived in the neighborhood for 10 years myself, it was no big deal. The place was very clean and comfortable. The L train was about a block walk which was very handy. On Saturday night music was playing below the apartment but that personally did not bother me. Sunday night was lovely and quiet. I have a great stay!	1
62	I booked this place for my family visiting me in NY. Thanks to Joel, Anna and Lucy they could enjoy this city and take a great rest. The place was lovely and spacious for 5 people. You guys are the best hosts. We had a great time. The house was perfect for us. The location was great and Joel was very very helpful. They dont have a lot of kids utensils ( plastic etc) so bring your own but other then that just perfect thank you so much! My wife, our three sons (ages 7, 5 and 2) and our babysitter stayed for 5 nights in this wonderful apartment.   This would be a great space for adults only but its also an amazing space for adults traveling with children. (The owners have a child, there are toys, etc., and my boys were thrilled!)   The apartment was super clean and they supplied wonderful linens and other basics. The location is great -- quiet enough and close to Riverside Park but also very close to the subway for easy access to essentially anywhere in Manhattan.   Joel was incredibly responsive to any/all questions I had before and during the trip, and generally could not have been a better host. In short, I cant say enough good things about this apartment. We would absolutely stay here again! a very roomy and clean apartment on a quiet street.  Joel is very available and  responsive. Location is very good if you want easy access to subway or Central park, it is in a quiet and safe neighborhood, with good restaurants and groceries around. Joel gave us full information, very helpful, and almost everything in the description was real. If he would have separate storage for guests towels and linens and personal belongings and if it would be cleaner (it was clean, but when you have a cat it is necessary to have a better cleaning) I would give him an 9, but now I can give him only a 7.8 A beautiful light sunny and large 2 bed plus baby crib, plus 2 bathrooms apartment with a lovely back yard, set in such a great neighbourhood, kids stuff, museums, restaurants, shopping and Central Park all on the door step.  We would love to go back again. Definitely recommend for families and couples!  Joel was a great host too and very helpful. Thank you guys! Joel and Anna’s home worked very well for our family.  It was within walking distance to Central Park and other attractions.  It was also easy to get transportation to other areas of NYC. As above.	1
63	Extremely easy, comfortable, and convenient! First of all it was a worst place i ever stayed..Disaster i must say..Bedroom was not clean at all.  Secondly Bathroom was all wt with hairs on the floor and it was (Website hidden by Airbnb) plastic curtain in Bath tub so all the water comes out when you take shower.         Great location close to subway, very cozy and spacious to be NY.  Definitively would come back to this apartment Comfortable place to stay in an excellent and quiet location. The host was very nice, although I did not get to see him much because I was out all the time.  If you are a guy travelling alone for a short time and want to save some money in accommodation, this is the place to go ;) Chaitanya was available as described and he showed me around the apartment. The room is very basic - a bed and a lamp - but it was all I needed. Some may want to bring their own toiletries. The neighborhood is fantastic. Chaitanya was a very welcoming and accommodating host. In addition, he is a very interesting person and I truly enjoyed getting to know him. I needed to check in a bit late and Chaitanya graciously allowed me to do so by accommodating his schedule. As far as the the place, it is actually fairly spacious.  If youre looking for a a place near Columbia U, this is definitely the spot. This is the place for anyone  looking to stay near Central Park, Upper West, and Columbia of course. The metro to Laguardia is a few blocks away as well as the subways which will take you anywhere youd like to go.   	0
64	"Good place. Clean, comfortable place on relatively quiet street, with street parking available.  Its private. Not the best spot from the subway but still walkable. check in and check out was easy.  This was no more than adequate for a place to stay.  A room with a very noisy pipe running from floor to ceiling, opposite a bathroom, shared by 4 other rooms, kept to a poor standard of cleanliness with no toilet paper.  The kitchen was very basic, with little in way of cooking utensils and cutlery, a wonky table and with no natural light.  Also upon arrival at 5pm the bed linen still hadnt been changed.  The price is cheap for NYC however, but you get what you pay for. I was working late, so I didnt get much time to interact with other people, but the room was quite clean, and the neighborhood was quite nice.  I would highly recommend it. Great little space to crash and wash off the city! Accommodating common area, thats quiet even on a weekend! Clean and welcoming! Thanks! not suitable for maried couple.we have had many problems.There is always queue for bath-toilet.2 days heaters didnt work.towels never changed.I will not stay again. The room was really good for the price.  Host was good at communicating.   In bathroom drips water from the ceiling. Right on the head when you are in the toilet. It smells moldy. In the kitchen are a hair dryers and a combs. Hairs everiwhere in kitchen. The kitchen table is falling apart - you need to be cautious not to overturn. No kettle, toaster, coffee maker.  I asked the second blanket - no reaction.  15 minutes walking to closest Subway.   Almost no WiFi. We had acess to Internet for few minutes per day in early morning only. Appartamento pulito, zona tranquilla di Brooklyn, supermercato e bar vicini allappartamento e ottimo collegamento con la metropolitana per Manhattan  Muy buen lugar, cómodo, bien ubicado, limpio y un hambriento muy grato  Bien situé, emplacement au calme mais le soir on entend toutes les canalisations mais à part ça on recommande ce logement. Tout est conforme aux photos et très propre  Very clean. We got room 6.5 and its just what you need after a day of sightseeing. 3 bathrooms and clean. Kitchen looked nice but didnt use it. it looked like there was free coffee as well. We booked and 15 minutes after we were in the room, so very fast response from the host. I would recommend this place.  I loved this place. Great room, everything was very clean and welcoming. The place is very well maintained. Shout out to the owner  House was clean and cozy . Theres a grocery store and liquor store one block away and train is about 10-15 minutes walking distance .  About a 15 minute uber away from Williamsburg which was my favorite spot to hang and a 20 minute train into the city . Area has a lot of families and school kids during the day . I would suggest taking an uber at night since the neighborhood is so quiet but Ive walked a few times and no issues . Would totally stay again on my next visit !  We really enjoyed our stay at this place. It was very convenient and a super price! We really valued the kitchen that we could use.  The only negative was the shared bathroom. sometimes we had to wait for so long especially in the morning, just to use the toilet. Dignas place was budget friendly. Its about 15 minutes walk from the subway. I think the biggest drawback was sharing the bathroom with other guests - which was expected as it was part of the deal. But we shared it with two other guys and they had their guests over, which resulted in four guys total. They were loud at night and I would say they werent considerate of other guests. However this was coincidental and not the fault in the host in any way. Besides this, the room was in a great condition and clean.  Вариант бюджетный, без роскоши. Район спокойный, не белый, смешанный. Не близко от центра города. На метро до Манхеттена 40 мин. От комнаты до метро Франклин стэйшн 10 мин. пешком топать по прямой. Но все прилично, комната чистая, белье и полотенца свежие. В санузлах чистота и есть все необходимое. Кухня прекрасна! Можно готовить все, что хочешь и в любое время. Хозяйка отзывчивая, внимательная,  радушная. Вариант для тех, у кого нет возможности платить много, но жить хочется в приличных условиях. Бюджетно.  Мы приезжали жить повторно. Район не очень белый, но спокойный, на улицах незнакомые люди здороваются и уступают дорогу. Очень чисто, все удобно. Ванна комфортая.  Кухня со всеми удобствами, бесплатно кофе, сахар, сливки. В ближайшем доступе 3 станции метро на разных ветках. До ближайшего метро 10-12мин. неторопливым шагом. До Манхеттена по коричневой линии 20 мин. Это не 5* отель, роскошеств нет, но все достойно. Во время нашего продивания жили в других комнатах англичане и корейцы. Все тоже были довольны.  Если кто-то хочет сэкономить, но жить вполне достойно-это ваш вариант.  Great location, clean and nice room, suitable for travellers :) Its not close to any subway station, but if you are a bike person then ""citi bikes"" is a good way to solve the problem. We ride our way through new york using those bikes and it was actually quite cheap. The bathroom is always occupied, we decided not to brush our teeth in the morning because there was always someone inside using the shower or toilet. We didnt meet Digna, that was a pitti. She seems to be nice on the phone, but at the end the house is what you want to make of it, because no one is there to make the rules count and sometimes some guests are really disrespectful and dirty (they just dont clean). When I arrived to the place I had no idea how to get in because the host didnt sent me any directions. She did it only after my few trying to call her. The house is located in the nice neighborhood, 15-20 min walking to subway. The house is old enough, the stairs are not safe. The room is super small and not comfortable. The bathroom was quite dirty. Wifi connection was awful, we could hardly sent some messages. The bed is very small for two persons. The host is unreachable, so I even didnt see her. Definitely do not stay again. The flat was almost like we expected but people who are using the flat with us didn’t respect the common area especially the bathroom.  But the host was kind and let us put our luggages in the room before our flight back Good location with bus and 10/15 min walking from the subway Good price The room is exactly what we were looking for. Nothing fancy but comfortable and private. The bathroom and kitchen were always clean.   I recommend this place for sure It was a great stay Its a calm neighborhood, to get to Manhattan youll arrive in 40 minutes from here. I never met Daisy, she sent us an email with all required information. I saw a mouse downstairs. Theres no TV in the room. Bit for the price, its a good place. Everything was super easy- thank you for being cool and having me staying at daisys hostel like apartment was great. check-in and -out was easy (bag drop off prior to check-in/leaving luggage after official check-out time). bathroom is shared with up to 7 others but it was manageable. the only thing holding me back to book this place again is the distance to the train stations: its between myrtle ave and kosciuszko st - both a 20min walk. overall, a nice stay tho! Daisy’s place is great. There are three separate floors with three separate kitchens, bathrooms, and living rooms you can use. The entire stay is automated and no one bothers you unless you want to be bothered. The place is clean and organized. I would definitely stay here again."	0
65	Our stay with James was great! The location is perfect, especially if youre looking for a place thats central enough to have easy access to a wide variety of shops, restaurants, cafes and all youd need while on a city break, but also a comfortable distance from the crowds and hectic pace of busy areas such as Lower Manhattan. We also enjoyed that we could walk pretty much anywhere, especially to places like Central Park or the Met Museum, but also had the option of a number of different public transport links. The studio itself is well equipped and easily sleeps two people. James was always easy to reach and communicate with. Wed be happy to stay at James again if were ever back in NYC! James was a wonderful host.  His apartment was clean and super comfortable.  I would stay again when I am in NY. James was a nice guest.Everything in the room was as described,the studio was very nice and in a great location near the subway and Central Park.We had a great time in NYC.I hope i will see you again James.Thank You My friends and I stayed at Jamess place for 5 days. James was very nice, and was really considerate and accommodating with our arrival and departure times even though we had to leave at a really inconvenient time. He made us feel immediately welcomed and at home once we arrived, and was always prompt with getting back to us when we asked questions. Great host!    The space was as described, cozy, quiet, and only a few blocks from the metro. It was nice to be able to return to a quiet place after a day in the noisy, busy city. Everything in the studio was convenient and comfortable, and bug/pest-free. We were happy with our stay and would recommend this listing and host.  James was very responsive with any inquiries we had, and the apartment was well situated in the Upper East Side. Great restaurants and local eateries all close by, along with being just a few blocks from the Metro Green line. The Met and Guggenheim museums are a very comfortable 15-20 minute walk away, with Central Park even closer. Comfortable apartment as a place to crash after a long day out and about. The place is well located but having rented many apartments in NYC and around the world, this is my worst experience using airbnb... the place was not clean (hairs in bathroom, dirty bath). When I mentioned that to James he said that having a cockroach in the bathroom is normal in NYC... which I can testify is not the case based on the two years I have lived in this city. While all my remarks were objective, his responses were not respectful and not polite... the day I had to leave we agreed that he would come back to the apartment at 9am but he showed up at 8.15am, while I was still getting ready and his attitude was again not respectful. For the rest, the place is small, with limited lights. On the plus side, there is good internet, a TV and required furniture in the kitchen.  What a great place to stay! Location on Upper East Side is great and the neighborhood is very convenient. Wash and fold laundromat down the street, cleaners, pizza and two bars within half a block. Ten minutes to 86th St station, where 4 or 5 can get you to Grand Central, Union Square and Wall Street in 5/10/15 minutes. Ten minutes to the Met and Central Park.  James had the place spotless when I arrived and the decor is tasteful. Fresh towels, the works. James was very east to deal with and very responsive. I was very happy with my stay and will contact him again if I need another arrangement like this. Thanks James! My boyfriend and I stayed at James over new years. James was very accommodating about our check-in and check-out times. He personally greeted us at the apartment when we arrived and gave us a very detailed run-thru of the apartment. The apartment itself is about a 15-min walk away from the 86th St station in the Upper East Side, which makes exploring the city very convenient. We enjoyed our stay very much and over all, it was a positive experience. I highly recommend James apartment to others looking for a short stay in the city. James was incredibly nice and welcomed us into his space. He made sure we knew where everything was before he left. We used to live in this neighborhood and it is such a great area. This is a great place if youre looking to getaway to the Upper East Side and really just need a place to crash at night. Exactly what we wanted!   James a été un super hôte, chaleureux, ponctuel, souriant et lappartement était propre, bien insonorisé dans une rue calme, pas très grand mais nous navions pas besoin de plus.   On a pu laisser nos bagages jusquà notre départ ce qui nous a permis de vraiment profiter à fond de notre séjour. Nous avons été bien accueilli par James qui sest adapté à nos horaires davion.   Le logement était conforme à sa description, et même moins petit que les photos ne semblaient le montrer. Le logement est propre sans être nickel car limmeuble est ancien mais on peut trouver  aussi que cest ce qui en fait le charme.  La situation est très favorable à une visite de New York : dans une rue calme, à proximité de commerces et de restaurants, dun parc sur lEast River, à 10 minutes dune station de métro bien desservie, à 15 min de Central Park et des grands musées.  En résumé, un séjour dune semaine bien adapté à nos attentes. James was a very kind and attentive host. Good location. James was a very nice host although we arrived two hours late he waited for us until midnight. Location was also good, 3 blocks away from Subway. I would go there again. Only thing we didnt like was that we couldnt use his oven because it didnt work that Time.  Thanks for a nice stay in awesome NYC!! James was wonderful and the apartment very clean, comfortable and convenient. A perfect experience and we will definitely return! Thank you so much James!  James is friendly and welcoming and his apartment is well located. However, we encountered two problems. First, wifi didnt work. We notified it to James who was sorry but didnt try to do something about it. Secondly, the apartment was not clean. Bathtub was dirty, bath mat too, obviously. As James is hairdresser and work at home, there were hair on our pillows. Cutlery was dirty too and everything was sticky in the kitchen. Were sorry to leave such comment but we paid for cleaning fee so previous occupants did also. That means this money is undeservedly cashed. For that price, quite expansive, the apartment should have been perfectly clean. James welcomed us warmly and was willing to help us discover the neighborhood.  The apartment was conform to the add.  The neighborhood was very nice and there was public transportation all around.   James was a very welcoming and accommodating host. The apartment is very small but well located and comfortable. Just a few  blocks to the #6 subway stop, convenient for our needs this trip. La ubicación del departamento de James es muy buena. Se encuentra a 4 cuadras del subte y a 6 del parque y algunos museos. Esta en una zona tranquila pero con restaurantes, supermercados y negocios cerca.  Es pequeño (es tal cual se ve en las fotos) pero ideal si lo que buscas es un lugar donde dormir después de estar todo el día afuera recorriendo la ciudad. La cocina tiene las cosas básicas para poder desayunar o preparar algo para la cena.  Es en planta baja, cómodo para trasladar valijas.  James respondió siempre rápido y se mostró flexible para los horarios de check in y check out. Las fotos reflejan exactamente como es el apartamento. Es chico, pero tiene todas las comodidades. Esta a 5 cuadras del las lineas del metro.  James es un huesped sensacional. El apartamento estaba muy limpio, la cama era nueva, y dejó un kit de baño para mi y mi compañero. Fue muy amable con el earlier check out. Lo recomiendo y sin dudas volveria  ------------------  The photos describes the apt . Its  cozy  but very comfortable. Near to the subway and very quiete neighborghood in the upper. James was a great host, he left everthyng clean for us, the bed was a dream and he bought us a bathroom kit .   I recommendt it! The location was perfect, just a few blocks away from Central Park and the Met, yet quiet enough that even with a first floor window we were never disturbed in our sleep. James was very accommodating, the place was clean and served its purpose of giving us a convenient home base perfectly Nous avons été bien accueillis (et attendus) malgré notre retard à larrivée et notre impossibilité de prévenir James. Lappartement est très bien situé : accès au métro rapide et facile, quartier calme, près des musées (Frick collection, Met, Guggenheim...) et de Central Park, nombreux restaurants et supermarchés. Lappartement est conforme à la description mais ne mentionne pas le fait quil sagit dun rez de chaussé.    Our Second stay with James. He is a wonderful host very sweet and nice and flexible. The apartment is wonderful the location is perfect and this is our go to whenever we go to New York now. Our stay with at James apartment in NY was great. James was very responsive and helpful, rearranging his work schedule to fit our arrival time and giving us flexibility with checkout.  The apartment was well located in the upper east side, with lots of cafes and restaurants around. The apartment was a little on the small side (I guess on par for apartments in NYC!) but had all the essentials (kitchen with all the kitchenware, bathroom and bedroom area with TV) and was a comfortable place to stay. The bathroom was a little on the older side but everything was clean and in good working condition.  Recommend for anyone looking for a more affordable place to stay in the upper east side!   Appartement bien situé (10/15 minutes à pied du métro mais ligne très bien desservie!!).  Logement petit et en rez de chaussée mais suffisant pour 2 personnes. James a répondu rapidement à nos questions. Nous recommanderions ce logement. James is an excellent host.  He met me at the apartment, showed me where everything was, left a few goodies for me to use and was available when I had questions during the visit.  The apartment is as-advertised and was clean and neat when I arrived.  The location is quiet and an easy walk to the subway.  I would stay there again. James place is in a great location and the perfect amount of space for a traveling couple. James and friendly and welcoming and I would absolutely stay here again! James fue un encanto, antes, durante y después de la estancia. Disponible para todo, respondió a todas las dudas y nos ofreció su casa sin restricciones. El trato increíble, nos dejó detalles de llegada y en todo momento se preocupó por nuestra estancia. James: Simpático, amable y divertido! El apartamento: pequeño pero super completo y con una ubicación inmejorable! The host canceled this reservation 22 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	0
66	Michelle’s place was amazing, the location is close to downtown and the walk to several sightseeing place is very short. The beds are comfortable and spacious and we didn’t hear any streetsound at night what is remarkable. Michelle herself is the best host you can find, responds quickly and takes care of her guests whenever they need something.  I would definitely recommend this place to friends, family and everybody !! Michelles place was super clean, central, and the bed was super comfy. We really enjoyed our stay and have bookmarked it for future visits! Thank you, Michelle! El alojamiento de Michelle es tal cual aparece en las fotos. El lugar es uno muy tranquilo y seguro. Michelle siempre estuvo disponible para ayudarnos. Tanto ella como su esposo fueron muy gentiles y amables. La localidad es céntrica lo que facilitó nuestra estadía. Sin duda, un alojamiento muy conveniente para visitar NYC sin el bullicio de turistas. Gracias Michelle!!!! Michelle ist eine sehr gute Gastgeberin. Die Wohnung ist ideal gelegen um die Stadt zu erforschen. Die nahe gelegenen Subways führen einen überall ohne umsteigen hin. Sehr cool. Viele irische Pubs in der Nähe sind für das Nachtleben da und auch ein Lebensmittelmarkt ist gleich ums Eck. Für shopperholics ist das Century 21 auf der anderen Straßenseite zu empfehlen. Ein Kaufhaus voller Marken wie Lagergeld und hilfiger zu stark reduzierten Preisen. Mega cool. Wir waren mit unserer kleinen Tochter dort. Hat alles super geklappt. Michelle hat sogar noch ein bettchen für sie gekauft. Alles in allem sehr zu empfehlen.  Vielen Dank Michelle. :-) This space is clean and has a great location!  Michelle was an absolute lifesaver by letting us check in early enough and for providing such comfy beds that I could snag a nap before my first job on our first day! Anyone whos lived in or visited normal NY apts will be familiar with the minor quirks, all of which are liveable and not major (and may even be situational), but for consideration included: slow elevator, non-thermostat-regulatable temperatures, few kitchen/bath amenities, and water temp fluctuations in the shower (which the bldg super did seem to fix).  Any issue was far outweighed by the location, Michelles responsive graciousness, cleanliness and hospitality, apt functionality, and comfort of the bedding! Would definitely stay again!!! Nice, clean, compact apartment in very good location in Lower Manhattan. The host Michelle was very nice and communicated quickly and clearly. The apartment is within easy walking distance of major points of interest such as the 9/11 Museum and Memorial, and the One World Trade Center observation deck, which provides amazing views of the city and surrounding area. Also plenty of places to eat nearby, including the Malt House (practically next door) and the Eataly food hall only several blocks away. Only suggested improvement for the apartment would be for a way to control the temperature, as there is no thermostat in the unit, and the one bedroom was very warm at night. Overall, we enjoyed our stay very much. Everything was awesome	1
67	The host canceled this reservation 7 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Rachel and Malaikas place was great and in a good neighborhood with fun things to do. This apartment rules. Its small and skinny and up a long flight of stairs and quite loud outside, but thats Manhattan! Super clean, comfy beds, great shower, easy to cook or store leftovers, really friendly and flexible hostesses! Amazing value for being in the Lower East Side - in the center of the coolest area. You can walk anywhere and the train is also close. Best Manhattan stay yet. Compact apartment at the top of several flights of stairs. Communication with the host was initially sketchy but her flat mate checked us in without any issues. The beds were comfy, the wifi fast and the facilities were all we needed for a brief stay. Nice little super modern apartment in a lively neighborhood, with easy access to the rest of the city. Lots of bars and restaurants in the area; the place is up a couple flights of stairs and pretty quiet.  Rachel was really responsive, flexible, and friendly. Would highly recommend this place Beautiful location just like New York Manhattan  The host canceled this reservation 25 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Rachel and Malaika were great hosts. Extremely prompt in replying. The apartment was cleaned daily, location fantastic (so many great restaurants and cafes within walking distance) and the girls were very sweet overall. The host canceled this reservation 5 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	1
68	"Un appartement très agréable, très propre, lumineux, dans une rue calme de Brooklyn. Lappartement est bien situé, à deux minutes à pieds de la station de métro Bergen, qui vous transporte en quelques minutes au sud de Manhattan.   Cécile a été une hôte parfaite. Nous avons particulièrement apprécié la boite de gâteaux et le jus de fruit à notre arrivée. Cecile was a great host, and her apartment was perfect for our 6-day stay in New York.    Cecile was in regular contact with me in the days leading up to my trip, providing me with details on how to access and navigate her apartment.    Ceciles apartment was exactly as advertised - very clean, well decorated, and relatively spacious for two people. The bathroom shower had good water pressure and plenty of hot water, and the kitchen had all the amenities you would need to prepare and cook meals. My only complaint is that there was no microwave, but this a very minor quibble about a place that overall felt very cozy and comfortable.    The apartment is located on a safe and beautiful block on the western end of Boerum Hill, within walking distance of numerous charming restauarants and bars, grocery stores (Trader Joes is four blocks away), and all major subway lines. The apartment is a great place to stay if you wish to be in the middle of vibrant ""Brownstone Brooklyn,"" while also having quick transit access to all the neighborhoods in Manhattan south of Midtown (being two blocks away from the F train was especially helpful in this regard).    Overall, Cecile was an honest and communicative host, and her apartment was a great place to call home for six days, which I would recommend to anyone staying in New York, especially those wishing to experience living in an authentic neighborhood outside of Manhattan.    Ankur My boyfriend and I stayed at Ceciles apartment for three nights this April. It was the perfect home base for exploring Brooklyn and darting up to Manhattan. The apartment had everything we needed: comfortable big bed, good shower, lots of natural light, and peace & quiet. It was very clean, and the photos online capture the place well. Cecile left us fresh flowers which was a nice touch! The location was also excellent. We were in town visiting in-laws that lived very close by, and Brooklyn Heights/Cobble Hill is full of great restaurants, bars, beer halls, etc. The Trader Joes is right down the street, as is the subway stop to Manhattan. We took morning runs down to Brooklyn Bridge Park, which isnt far. Cecile was very attentive before and during our stay, and while we didnt need anything from her, I trust she would have been able to help in a jiffy. Great Airbnb experience, and Im crossing my fingers Ceciles place will be free for our next visit! Cecile was lovely to deal with, communicated well and checked in on us during the stay. Her home is beautifully decorated in her own distinctive style (you can tell this ones a world-traveller), and the location couldnt be better for someone visiting or just landed in New York. In fact I think youre a bit spoiled with the quiet of this street and the proximity to the subway, great coffee and food.    The only negatives are just things typical of a New York apartment, like loud fans and air con units struggling to keep the place cool in the height of summer, a small bathroom and those goddamn 4 flights of stairs with heavy suitcases! Haha. But we felt very much at home here otherwise, and it was a fantastic place to stay. Thanks Cecile, you made our introduction to NY a lot easier than it could have been :)   The description says it best: Charming apt, best location! The neighborhood is perfect, great stores and restaurants. You can walk by foot to the Brooklyn Bridge Park, which is a highlight. And if you want to get to Manhattan or Williamsburg the F and G Line is just around the corner. We had a wonderful stay!  Perfect location; In the heart of Brooklyn. Nice shops, cafe and restaurants are everywhere nearby. We can go to other parts of Brooklyn and Manhattan on subway without transferring lines. Perfect size for two; very clean and nicely decorated room with all the functions working.  Cecile is a very kind person. Very helpful guide book was prepared for us.  We would stay here again if we come back! Cecile emailed us a very helpful welcome pdf with knowledge of the area, and also had fruit, and some juice boxes (she knew we had our son with us) and tea for us to enjoy in the evening.  Cecile set up her apartment beautifully for us, and she made us feel very welcome. The neighborhood was fantastic, and we really enjoyed our stay! The host canceled this reservation 39 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Céciles apartment was in a great Brooklyn neighborhood close to everything. Even better than the pictures, the apartment is comfortable and feels like home. Cécile is a nice lady and easy to coordinate with. We had a great stay at Ceciles place. Everything worked smoothly and Cecile did everything she could to make us feel welcome and enjoy the stay.  The apartment itself was cozy and clean and had everything we needed. The location was spot on; away from the crowds on a quiet street but still with lots of restaurants and cafes just around the corner. With the subway one block away, Manhattan wasnt far either.  To sum up; a great place and a great host. Recommended! Great location. Very clean. Its very convenient. Nicely decorated. Its a great location to explore Manhattan and a great neighborhood in Brooklyn in it of itself. Great deal for the price. This is a great apartment! It is very clean and comfortable. We loved the neighborhood also. I would stay here again. "	1
69	Great space.. clean and convenient This place is as clean and tidy as hotel rooms. There is a great kitchen, two bathrooms for 4 rooms, everything renovated and totally new! Really fast wifi as well, good signal in the rooms(I measured 50 mega bit per second).   Shahana and her so will take care of everything for you.  10 minutes walk from subway. The price is affordable for a room like this. I stayed here 5 nights, I would definitly recommend. Shahana place was very welcoming, the  place was very clean, newly renovated and smelled fresh all the time! The family was courteous and Shahana checked in to make sure things were going well. The bathroom was standard and warm. The place was also very safe and secure and the bus stop is right outside the door. I was travelling for business. I had a very relaxed, quiet experience. The host canceled this reservation 9 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 4 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The room is just like described on photos, and Shahana keeps it very very very clean! Its a little bit far from Manhattan, but you can find another view from NY! I do recommend this place! PS.  Late nights take the 4 train! I did have wonderful experience, the host was kind , the place is very clean , I definitely recommend  So far so good. Such a nice host family. I arrived too early. Even the room was not free, Shahana invited me to her own apartment for coffee and cookies. She and her husband helped me with all questions I had. I felt very safe under Shahanas roof! Thanks a lot!!!!!!!! Host was very welcoming, easy communication prior to arrival and easy instructions and welcome upon arrival. Space was clean, tidy and well prepared for our arrival.     Our only mild grievance was the noisy heating system but it wasnt enough to put us off our stay. Overall great host! I had such a WONDERFUL 6 days with Shahana! She is VERY clean, and made sure I was taken care of. I am new to the city, and she made sure I knew how to get around.   The place was well updated, clean, warm, and homely feeling. What else could you ask for?  Really good experience. The host is very nice. Everything in the apartment is very clean. If you asked her something, she will give to you. Very friendly. Great experience. The neighboord was OK! The train is 5 blocks from the apartment and it is really easy to get everywhere. Highly recommended! Thank you very much Shahanna Shahana was a good host and the room was exactly as advertised. She was responsive and helpful. Thanks for accepting at short notice. Look at the sweet picture of Shahana.  It perfectly matches her sweet personality.  I got to Shahanas  place late because I got lost.  I had misplaced  my map and my cellphone died so I couldnt use the gps on it or phone her.    When I finally found her place, I rang the bell as I had no other way of contacting her.   She met me with a smile and showed me around even though it was after ten pm.     I  immediately felt very comfortable.  It was spotlessly clean and set up very professionally.   My room was on the second floor and even though there are only four guest rooms on that floor, there were two full-sized bathrooms with plenty of hot water.   She thoughtfully put me in a room next to where a woman would be staying the next night;  this way only the women would be sharing that one bathroom.  It was pretty luxurious:  marble tile, new sink and toilet.  The bath was self-cleaning!  That is, everyone who used the bathroom had to clean up after them self, LOL.   She had a fully functioning kitchen with newish appliances.   The reason the house stayed so clean is that she has very strict house rules.  No wearing shoes inside the house proper (must leave in the hallway);  and no eating in the bedrooms.     My bedroom was furnished exactly as shown in the picture and the bed was very comfortable. I felt very safe there as each room has its own key.  It was similar to staying in a pensione in Europe.      Would I stay again?  You betcha!   The room is exactly as in the pictures and described, though it has thin walls and ceiling so as Im a light dreamer I heard everything from upstairs and the room next door. Everything was neat and bright, and PRIVACY is very well preserved as i bearly ran into anybody, even the owner, though i could hear there were more people renting! The neighborhood is quiet, I was recommended by a man in the street not to hang out at night in that area.. Still during the day you have lots of stores 3 blocks away, and the train station is 10min walk away from there and in the way you have some other stores too. Kitchen and bathroom were shared and luckily everybody took good care or the common areas so youd find everything tidy all the time. No soup spoon for my dehidrated dinner :P but still had all appliances to cook and have cheap meals bought on close minimarkets and avoid extra expenses! Shehena was a complete sweet heart the most fundamental part was my privacy and it was respected Shehena was very helpful kind and Charming host The room was Clean and Cosy with a Good view to the bustling community outside I was v proud to call it home for 3 days  Shahana was helpful on air bnb as she replied on the app quickly.  She didnt guide us properly which station should we get off to get to her place quickly. We got off 3-4 stations beforehand from our destination because of which we had to walk for ages with all our luggage.  Room was very clean and the beds were comfortable but it was hot and there was just one fan for three people. The curtains were very sheer and we had to open windows for air and it was extremely sunny and noisy outside. Couldnt sleep comfortably any time after the sun came up. We did not meet Shahana till the last day though we were expecting her to be a bit friendly after we read all the wonderful reviews about her hospitality. We were disappointed in that regard. Her son greeted us on day 1 and that was that. We asked for the way around, she was Kind enough to help on the app but not personally.   Bathroom was clean but it was being shared by someone during our stay and there were body hair all over the bathroom everyday, including the tub and sink. We had to clean after use everyday but hair were there all the time we went in. Dont know if this is Shahanas responsibility to have a check and balance but this was worth mentioning here.  Place is accessible by bus and subway station is a 10 minutes walk away. But at night, it is a shady neighborhood to walk in. On the last day, at 12 noon, we met Shahana. She told us to quickly check out the room and even started to clean our room and bathroom right in front of us, even before we left. This was not appreciated by any of us. Hope its not done in the future as it gives a bad vibe.   For the amount we paid and the area we lived in, it was not bad.  Shahana is very nice and her place is very clean! The room is the same as in the photos And the apartment was very clean but is so far from the manhattan (1.30h) with public transportation. Great stay, very clean.  We were staying in room 3, wall was very thin so every time someone closed the door it was very loud and woke us up. Overall great place and hosting. Area around the house is old but safe.  5 stars  she responded every phone call that i made while i got at manhattan, she  was respectful and very warmth It was clean and cozy. But you had to walk for 10 min to get to the subway station and took you 30 -45 min to get to Manhattan.  It is not only the place to take rest when you visit the city. It is home. really home away from home. Its clean, Its quiet place to relax and sleep. Shahana ,she is so good towards guests that she do care small and little things  for guests comfort. its Affordable. it was late night when i reached there and she was so cool to give me the room key .  La estancia fue bastante comoda, la recamara es amplia y buena para dos  personas, tenia una cama matromonial y una individual, las sabanas no tenian un gran olor pero fuera de ahí  todo  impecable, cuenta con cocina y baño compartido  con un cuarto más, la puerta es con llave y  clave, solo hay que verificar que la llave abra bien al momento ya que nosotros no lo hicimos y tuvimos problemas al momento de ocuparla. Está cerca de la estación Rokawey Av bastante lejos de Manhatan como a 40 min o 1 hora, la casa de la estacion está como a 15 o 20 minutos caminando (12 cuadras aprox), la zona es sola pero parece segura. Recomiendo la estancia ampliamente.  Very clean home and felt very safe - electronic key as well as keyed dead bolt. Shahana responded to my messages concerning my bag drop off prior to check with ease and I am grateful for that.    Pluses were the price and cleanliness of the room and nice dining area.  Negatives were that the stove wasnt working and I wasnt informed about this prior to booking nor did Shahana apologize for the inconvenience.   Also, the walls are very thin so I could every word the gentleman in the room next to us said. That was a bit uncomfortable/ annoying.   The room is very nice, perfect to visit NY, 10 min walk to go to the metro, buses are also available near.  Very clean room, no noise, go for it ! Super clean and comfortable home for our stay in NYC. Very affordable and we felt safe and slept well. 10 minute walk from subway station which took us straight into Manhattan daily. Only shame was that stove wasnt working during our stay. Overall, great stay.  Great choose for a wonderful trip. tres bon hote je le recommande vivement  Good place, host and price. Definitely love it :) A television  would do this place some good. Very clean Host like to peak inside of room if door is cracked Face to face communication is poor Do not bring your very active toddler here...host is not fund of kids. Complains alot!  Good for a one night stay! Room for 3 persons is very small. In order for one person to dress up the other 2 have to sit on the bed to have enough room to dress. No furniture beside the two beds and one bedside table. Very clean Host. Peaks in for control of kitchen and bathroom shortly after usage. There seems to be video surveillance in the kitchen. Very poor in face to face conversation but very quick in answering via airbnb messages. Host complains about noise although we feel not guilty. Not good for staying for a couple of days (we stayed 6). Very inviting & straight to the point.   Its very clean & affordable.  I love the quietness of the place & how quiet it is.  Its very peaceful. the place and the host are amazing but the location is not good at all Great Quiet place in New York City. Peaceful as well from what I heard. I recommend it for the fact that the owner is a great corresponder. Good doing business with her. Not great location. Everything was good except for the fact it takes an hour to get to bronx on subway and 50 minutes to get to Manhattan.	1
70	"The host canceled this reservation 28 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Lili is a wonderful host — great communication, friendly, very accommodating. Her place is very cozy and cute, and the bed is incredibly comfortable. Would love to stay there again! This place is on the border of the vibrant LES. Very small place just below street level. Although there might be some noise outside, i slept very comfortably. The sheets and the bed were perfect The most awesome thing was that Lili left all her iPhone chargers around the house so I was never without battery.  The kitchen is small. Just enough to warm up leftovers from one of the many great restaurants around.  Once you get a hold of how the shower works, its a pretty nice shower although the stream isnt very hard.  Lili did a great job informing me about everything and was very responsive. Lili was a great host and communicator. Very friendly, helpful and responsive. Her place is great and conveniently located. Its small but has everything you need and is perfect for 1-2 people. Would definitely return. Thanks! Nice cozy place. Secure, close to lots of cool places for dinner or whatever, reliable WIFI too. Id stay here again for sure.  Lilis place is just as advertised - clean, well located, she is very responsive and helpful, it is equipped with everything you need and very comfortable.  A nice find for Manhattan and somewhere I will go back to for sure. The apartment is nicely located and the metro is very near (5 minutes by foot). Its a street level apartment but its pretty quite. There are no real windows (usual in NYC), its quite dark, so dont expect to stay in the apartment a lot except for sleeping ;) the bed is awesome! Thank you Lili for arranging everything!  Lilis place is perfect for a couple visiting the city. Its a short walk to Delancey St subway, and the East Village, which has great bars, restaurants and shops.  The flat is on the ground floor which is very handy, and was nice and cool despite it being roasting outside.  The bed was comfy and the shower was really good.  Id definitely recommend staying here.  Lili was a perfect host. Apartment was clean and in a great location. Minutes from all the great restaurants, bars and shops of the Lower East Side. Check in and out was fully flexible making it very easy for us.  Would stay again!  I had a great stay here! It was exactly what I expected and wanted for a short trip. I mostly used this Airbnb for sleeping, and it was the best place for it. Lili was kind, and it was in a great area with transit nearby and delicious restaurants just a block or two away. Highly recommend! Comfortable  The host was very communicative and friendly.  The location was great and the apartment was furnished well.  The bed was very comfortable.  A great place for a couple to stay and very accessible to subway, restaurants, coffee shops and shopping.   Given the number of 5-star reviews I expected more. A decent little place but a number of small things keep it from being a 5-star stay. In descending level of annoyance: No washclothes provided, only one bed pillow (large, but pillow sharing is not most peoples preference), and yes I asked. No coffee-making equipment, which is unusual (at least in my 2-dozen airbnb stay experience) and no microwave. White bath mat was mostly gray from dirt. Many of the outlets were so old and worn that a plug would not stay in the socket. Most had no outlet cover and the outlets were loose in the box. Frankly, thats dangerous. Lilis place was just as advertised and she was easy to communicate with.  Good value in an awesome location! Loved Lilis place its clean and comfy also on the ground floor so no need to walk up stairs if you have many things with you. Good location too! Location central and easy to get around. Airbnb had a broken shower and was different than what I expected from the photos. Great location. Mi dispiace molto dover scrivere questa recensione, ma i 30 minuti passati a casa di Lili sono stati terribili. Premetto che non ho conosciuto Lili di persona, al check in ci ha ""accolti"" un ragazzo, molto scocciato che ci ha liquidato in meno di due minuti dicendoci che voleva andare a casa. Premetto che il giorno prima ci ha contattato per organizzare il check-in, abbiamo comunicato che saremmo arrivati il giorno dopo tra le 16.00 e le 17.00 (viaggiavamo in macchina da Boston) siamo arrivati alle 16.40, dopo aver comunicato durante il tragitto la nostra posizione tutta la mattina, ho i messaggi che lo provano. Entro nellappartamento che si trova al piano terra di un grande palazzo, non ha finestre, ma poco importa, almeno a noi. Questa è la scena che mi si presenta davanti: Bagno: qualcuno ci ha fumato da poco e non contento ha ciccato su tutta la tavoletta del wc e sullo sciacquone. La doccia sporca di qualcosa non ben identificato, il lavandino pieno di polvere e sputacchi di dentifricio qua e là, il cestino del bagno pieno di immondizia e il suo coperchio ricoperto da capelli. Cucina/Soggiorno: indecente, sulla macchina del gas erano sparsi croccantini di cane/gatto oltre a un dito di grasso mai pulito. Ho aperto il frigorifero e cerano alimenti andati a male lascio immaginare lodore.  Ogni oggetto presente nel piccolo soggiorno era ricoperta da uno strato di polvere, compreso il tappeto e il pavimento. Camera da letto: ho aperto il letto e le lenzuola, le coperte e i cuscini erano pieni di peli di cane/gatto compresi i comodini e la cassettiera. Anche qui ogni oggetto era ricoperto da uno strato di polvere. Quindi ho chiamato airbnb ho inviato tutte le foto di quello che ho scritto sopra, mi hanno cancellato la prenotazione e rimborsato i soldi.  Il giorno dopo il check-in Lili mi ha inviato un messaggio al quale io volutamente non ho risposto perché troppo arrabbiata. È una grande mancanza di rispetto far trovare a degli ospiti una casa in quelle condizioni. Essendo anche io un host sono rimasta molto delusa dal suo comportamento. Lili is a very responsive and accommodating host! Lili is a great host with good communication.  The apartment is okay, and well placed. The bed is really comfy and decoration is really cool. Lili is nice and helpfuly. The apartment is clean and friendly. The area is various: near to China town, Little Italy. Lili is a great host. She made sure we had everything we needed for our stay. The apartment was well located and super convenient just a couple of blocks from the subway and buses.  Lots of little shops around the area for food. Lili is an excellent host. Great communication and cares about her guests.  The apartment is not far from transport, bars and food options. The neighbourhood is quite ok despite our initial impressions! Overall, Lilys place is ideal for those wanting a base to explore NYC without breaking the bank. Great location, great decoration, and a wonderful host. I think it must be pretty hard to find something better than this in NYC. The location was great. Walking distance to restaurants and bars but still located in a quiet neighborhood. The apartment it’s self was impeccably clean, which was greatly appreciated. Very cute set up. The host was wonderful and actually brought us extra toilet paper to make sure we wouldn’t run out. Couldn’t have asked for a better experience. Thank you lili  Lili’s Airbnb was in a great location. We walked everywhere from her Airbnb including all around LES, East Village, Brooklyn, etc. It was the perfect size for my boyfriend and I and we enjoyed our stay. Would recommend and stay here again! Thanks, Lili! Lilis place is amazing and is a GREAT location. Its close to J and Z line and I was able to get to all the places on foot. Theres multiple coffee shops, restaurants and convenient stores. The area gives you everything you want to be a part of the Lower East Side. This Texan felt like a New Yorker for the week of my stay. The bed was comfy and clean. I didnt hear too much noise considering it was close to a bridge! The Shower is AWESOME. It was hot and good pressure. I do not have any complaints about Lilis place and I did meet her in person. Shes very nice and accommodating. The next time I visit NY, I will likely stay at Lilis again. I highly recommend her space! Lili was quick to respond and super accommodating with our whole flight delay mishap. She made sure to be there when we arrived in order to show us how the space heater worked (super helpful, thank you for that) and tell us about nearby places to eat. Her cute place was in the heart of everything we wanted to be close to and a quick walk to the train. Would definitely recommend if youre visiting this area of ny! I really enjoyed my time here. The location was very close to the subway, and the place was a nice size.   The area was bad at all, but it’s not great. I never felt unsafe or that my stuff was in danger. It’s a great location in the LES within walking distance to subway and restaurants and shops. The place is also very clean and stylish with everything thoughtfully placed in small place. Very comfortable bed as well!   Lili was a great host who responded quickly to us and was flexible with our check in/out time which was great!   Highly recommend for people visiting the city for a great New York City experience!!!! :) Lili was an OUTSTANDING host and she really did a great job with this older apartment. It was BEAUTIFULLY decorated and felt very cozy! This was our first airbnb experience and we would do it again if everyone was like Lili. She was amazingly prompt in replying to everything and was very gracious (even letting us use her blow dryer and shampoo so we could pack light). We love the LES so it was nice to be so close to all the great little restaurants. The apartment was a few blocks away from the nicer part of the LES but it didnt feel unsafe, and it was only several blocks away from our favorite restaurants and from the Subway. It is a first floor apartment in an older building so the noise of people outside or coming in the building kept my husband up (I slept like a baby). It was also VERY cold in NYC when we visited and the heating system didnt keep the apartment at a comfortable temperature. It would have been intolerable if our lovely host didnt provide 2 space heaters. But the comforter was VERY warm and the bed was SUPER comfortable (definitely a welcome surprise after a long day walking around Manhattan). Lilis place is an excellent little apartment, perfect as a base camp for exploring the city. The place is very well furnished and stylish, and was the perfect size for two people. Lili was an amazing host, we stayed there in the middle of winter and Lili made sure we were warm providing us with extra heaters and towels. The location is good, close to Essex St. Station and Williamsburg, with plenty of food and drink options. Lili’s place is absolutely lovely for an individual or a couple. Clean and comfortable. The neighborhood is also one of the best in Manhattan as far as I’m concerned. Fantastic food and an easy walk to public transportation.  Great place 10/10 We had a great stay a Lilis place! Awesome location and cozy space.  Very quaint Lili is everything a super host should be!! She was phenomenal and responsive and her apartment was clean and in a great location! Would a thousand percent recommend!"	1
71	Dexter was very welcoming.  The apartment was as described and the apartment was located conveniently by the subway and local stores. The location was perfect, the subway was across the street,  multiple restaurants within a block, more at three blocks away.  Both a grocery store and a drug store were just up the street.  The location was quiet, safe, had off street parking and was much bigger in person than in the pictures.  We would gladly stay again as Dexter was an excellent host.   Our stay was excellent, Dexter communicated with us quickly and easily, the home provided us with everything we could possibly need and then some! The kitchen was fully stocked with spices, even some vegetables and pantry items, everything needed to cook, the bedrooms had plenty of blankets, the bathroom had clean towels and basic necessities. The home was comfortable, clean and we all enjoyed our stay. The location is just perfect for anyone wanting to take a trip to New York City, the F Subway took us everywhere we needed, making a few connections you can get pretty much anywhere! Its about 30 minutes to Times Square with stops at Rockefeller Center, Central Park and to the station to transfer to the line that takes you directly to WTC. the neighborhood is very quiet, located in a nice, safe area. We would definitely stay there again.  This was by far our best Air B&B experience. The apartment was perfect for our stay, had lots of space and felt like home. It also had a very awesome vibe! The location was amazing, right near the Subway to travel around NYC and the cab rides were also short and inexpensive. We felt very comfortable and safe. Driving into Brooklyn, there was plenty of on street parking right in front on the apartment.    Over all Dexter was super helpful and an awesome host. I would suggest staying here to anyone making a trip to Brooklyn. The host canceled this reservation 149 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. We didnt meet Dexter but he was always available by text to answer our questions. The appartment is nice for a family, simple but clean and everything was perfectly in order when we arrived. The area is laid back and relaxing after a day visiting Manhattan. Therere 2 nice and affordable restaurants next door and across the street. Subway almost in front of the house.  Very good stay overall La casa è vicina alla farmata della metropolitana di Ft. Hamilton PKWY.   Dexter è stato molto affabile e disponibile. Lappartamento dispone di tv via cavo, ventilatori nelle stanze in cui non cè il condizionatore ed è abbastanza fresco. Dexter ha messo a disposizione lenzuola ed asciugamani, ma per un soggiorno più lungo è consigliabile portare con se un ulteriore set di Asciugamani. Come da descrizione manca la Lavatrice e lasciugacapelli (ne abbiamo comprato uno e lasciato lì, senza scomodare Dexter).   Il quartiere è periferico, tranquillo, ci sono diversi locali ed un paio di deli-grocery dove acquistare cibo a prezzi ridotti (uno chiude intorno alla mezzanotte).   la casa è dotata di frigorifero e di una cucina attrezzata (anche se noi non labbiamo utilizzata)  Nel complesso è sicuramente consigliabile per una famiglia e per chi non si fa problemi a viaggiare nelle metropolitane (caldissimi i binari dattesa, freddo gelido nei vagoni!) Dexter est charmant et a été constamment disponible pour répondre à nos questions et nous aider notamment pour un problème de retard de bagages par la compagnie aérienne.  Ce quartier de Brooklyn est très calme, et sur la ligne de métro F directe pour Manhattan.  Lappartement est propre et suffisamment grand avec 3 chambres (nous étions 4).  Je recommande tout à fait ce logement. Had a great time. Close to public transport and in a nice neighbourhood. Lots of close restaurants and shops.  Dexters house is pleasant, we felt like home! The subway is across the street, which is very convenient. A few nice restaurants and grocery shops are close to the house. we definitely would go back at Dexters! Great place to stay if you want to spend some days around NYC. Very well communicated to upper Brooklyn or Manhattan with Metro Line F, which stops right in front of Dexters home. It takes aprox 30 minutes to get to Midtown. The apartment is nice and cozy, with everything you need. The neighborhood is quiet, with some restaurants and grocery stores around. Dexter is a good host, he will attend all your concerns. Good price for a good stay. Nous avons été très bien reçus par Dexter. Malgré notre arrivée tardive, nous avons pu récupérer facilement les clés de lappartement. Il est situé à proximité dune station de métro en ligne directe avec Manhattan, donc très pratique pour visiter New York (on y est en 30 minutes). Et à deux pas de Prospect Park pour saérer ou assister à des concerts gratuits en juillet-août. Seul petit bémol : le séjour donne sur une avenue assez calme, les chambres sur une voie rapide plus bruyante. Donc lété, fenêtre fermées, il faut utiliser la clim ou les ventilateurs au plafond pour supporter la chaleur. A cette réserve près, nous avons passé un très bon séjour, et Dexter a répondu très rapidement à toutes nos demandes. Beautifully designed appartment in the perfect neighborhood...and surprisingly child- friendly. Hghly recommend Dexters apartment. Dexters home was clean as a whistle and the bed was extremely comfortable, especially after long days of grandchild care.  If we had had the time, the kitchen would have been great for meal prep.  Proximity to our family and to the park, public transportation and several terrific restaurants and coffee shops made this an easy and attractive place to stay. We had a terrific time in this apartment. Found everything we need. Very clean. AND two steps from the sub line that goes straight to the heart of manhattan. I would definitely recommend it, and come back next time we go to NY.	1
72	Joellen and her family were exceptionally friendly and gracious.  They made us feel welcomed and comfortable.  Joellens husband moved his car so we could park right outside their home. This was really helpful so we didnt have to drive all over the neighborhood looking for a space.  The apartment was as described.  The kitchen was great- all modern appliances and very clean.      Their home is in the heart of Brooklyn.  Its a diverse and busy setting, so its a good idea to be respectful of the surroundings in this urban environment. The neighborhood is safe- all the neighbors know each other, and there is a police precinct in the next block.       We enjoyed our visit, and would definitely stay again! Joellen was supremely accomodating. The place is beautiful and spacious and has AC and all modern amenities. The neighborhood is safe and right next to J metro stop. Couldnt have been better! Our experience staying at this location was more than awesome. The apartment was clean and the Host were extremely reliable. Will definitely book this location again!  Our stay was very pleasant, Joellen was such a great host and made our communication seamless. The house is perfect, just as advertised and the subway station is less than a minute away.   Its really a nice house. Its very clean and comfortable , its very close to the subway station, there are a lot of stores, and about the host, Joellen is a very nice person , after I order her room, she really helps me a lot. Because of the room , I really had a great experience in New York . I suggest you guys choose this room, sincerely. Joellen is a very nice host. She was always responsive and did whatever possible to make us feel confortable. The room was clean and tidy, in a flat shared with up to 2 other guests. The location was also very convenient since it is easy to reach Manhattan with the J train. We really enjoyed our stay in this place! We stayed there 4 nights. İt was really cool. My friend and i really liked this home. You can use kitchen, free wi-fi and lcd tv. Joellen was really hospitable, kindly and so friendly! İf you are travelling to NYC, you can stay there as cheap, safely and close the subway station also McDonalds, Grocery. Joellen and her family were incredibly welcoming, the accommodation was clean, comfortable and well located to trains, restaurants and shops. I cannot speak highly enough of Joellens place, a real pleasure to have stayed. Joellen, Emerson, and their kids also, were very nice hosts, who took care that everything was in order, before and during our stay. Although our flight was delayed with almost one and a half hour (and we could not communicate that), they were waiting so we could get in. The face to face contact was mostly with Emerson.  The neighbourhood is OK and getting to Manhatten is very easy with the subway (station is very nearby). Noise from the subway (and other traffic) was not irritating at all (we barely have heard noise), as the bedrooms are at the back of the house. Joellen made sure we had everything we needed.  She was quick to communicate and answered all of our questions.  I would definitely stay at her place again, loved having the kitchen and living room area, super comfy beds too and it really is a 2 min. walk to the subway. 地铁交通太便利,出门就近购物太方便,房间整洁宽敞,并且完全独享不和其他客人share。很满意! Thanks Joellen! Joellens place deserves more than 5 stars. Everything about the posting is accurate, but the hospitality was above compare. We really enjoyed our stay.  Joellens place was exactly what I was looking for and my saving grace since I had another host cancel on me at the last minute. Im so glad I stumbled upon it. My flight arrived much later than expected and Joleen was very accommodating for our late check in. Joleens daughters greeted us with a warm welcome, provided us with our keys and made sure we were settled in. What I Loved about this Airbnb is that it has a private entrance, you receive keys for your room as well as the outside entrance,Although you may have a house mate renting the room across the hall it still provides a great level of privacy, the space also includes a kitchen and living room, I love that its only a couple of minutes to the train. The train it literally around the corner. Although its close to the train The neighborhood was peaceful  and my sleep was never disturbed. Joleens placehad the 3 Cs that most guest hope for,  its clean, cozy and comfortable.   What i appreciated about the Airbnb was the super comfortable bed, the great Indian restaurant that was recommended, our host was accessible but also gave us privacy. I appreciated the steamer instead of an iron. It also wasnt far from a few cool bars for cocktails/beer. I would recommend the Wilky for drinks. Great atmosphere. I also appreciated that theres a Walgreens right around the corner if you have any last minute needs. I would definitely stay at the location again and I highly recommend it. Its important to enjoy the space but to also receive positive energy from your host. I loved the space and also appreciated how hospitable they were.  Joellen and her family were so welcoming and helpful during our stay at their place.  It was a convenient location - close to the subway and stores.  We appreciated being able to cook meals in our units kitchen.  Clean and spacious.  Good value.  And Hosts very hospitable! Very friendly host and the place was more than expected. Very pleased Great Stay. Joellen was very accomadating and sweet. Apartment was comfortable, clean, and spacious.Flat screen included with Netflix.  Close to public transit and convenient to local food and night life. Will recommend and stay again in future. Great host and place to stay.  There were no surprises and the hosts were attentive and helpful!  I would love to stay there again. Joellen was a wonderful host - very friendly and very easy to communicate with. The place itself is very close to the J train (and I was pleasantly surprised that it was a quiet place), and the neighborhood itself is quite decent - I felt pretty safe even late at night. The house is very comfortable, well air-conditioned, nicely decorated, with a nice kitchen area. I stayed here with a friend (who decided to come along at the very last moment, which was easy to arrange with Joellen), and we shared the place with one other friendly AirBnB guest, which went very well, especially due to the homely atmosphere. All in all, a great Bushwick experience! Joellen is a great host.  Very in-touch... we never waited for a reply.  Her photos and description are accurate.  WYSIWYG.  Highly recommend.  Joellen was a terrific hostess. I came in late, but she was right there to let me in and show me around with a smile on her face. The house was spacious and the WiFi was super fast. The location was great because you are literally 45 seconds from the subway and there are plenty of places to eat. I would certainly recommend you book with Joellen. You wont be disappointed at all. Joellen and her husband were AMAZING hosts - my aunt and I were sharing the apartment at the ground level with another AirBnb guest who was also very friendly. We shared the kitchen and utilities and had keys for our own rooms, so it was very comfortable. Joellen and her husband live in the second floor and they were amazing, friendly, warm and attentive hosts. Brooklyn is a bit further from Manhattan than I had imagined, but that was my fault for not calculating times earlier. Overall, a wonderful stay and definitely recommended. My father and I had a very pleasant stay in Joellens cozy apartment in Brooklyn. Its located in a hip part of Brooklyn right at a subway stop wich brings you to Manhattan in about 20 minutes. Joellen was an amazing and very friendly host. Joellen was a wonderful hostess.  Check-in was seamless.  The space was very clean, comfortable, spacious, and close to transportation.  I would definitely rent from Joellen in the future. I was surprised that the whole unit was ours for the weekend aside from one night. I was really just expecting a bedroom but we got a kitchen, living room, and bathroom too. Our hosts were super responsive, and let us come and go without any hesitation. It’s really close to the trains which makes getting into Manhattan easy. If people say that Bushwick is dangerous I understand, but from what I saw it’s come around in the last few years to being pretty alright.   Joellen provided towels more than once, Restocked the coffee maker, and checked in daily to make sure we were doing alright. If you need a two bed situation like we did then I highly recommend this spot.   10/10 Joellen is an amazing HOST. would stay again! Excellent place to stay, a few steps to the Metro. The host response its very efficient, and all the place was comfortable and clean. The kitchen is big and also the living room.  Outside the house its a little bit dark at night but not dangerous, so its OK if you take the metro at late hours. Once again the host its a very kind person and of course i will repeat this place in a future. The stay was great! Place was very clean, close to the train, and everything you needed. Joellen and family were very helpful and accommodating. Joellen was so sweet and the place couldn’t be nicer. Super clean and central location within walking distance of public transit. Would definitely stay here again! Joellen is really kind and friendly host. Location is good to see Bushwick Art of the wall. We had a great time in Joellen’s place. She was very flexible for check in and check out time which helped out a lot and was very convenient. The apartment was 1 minuet form the J subway which is very accessible to downtown manhattan, airport, and other part of city. it also was within walking distance to grocery and food stores which was pretty convenient.  Last but not least, she was very nice and always offering help and make sure that if we have everything we needed during our stay. As an example she helped us to find the direction to catch our flight to an airport out of city, which we could not make it without her help easily specially in January 1st! Overall, we had a great time and I definitely recommend everyone to stay in Joellen’s place. Joellen and her family were amazing hosts! Joellen provided everything I needed for a great stay, and was always available if I needed anything. The apartment is clean, private, and super close to stores, food, and transportation. I would definitely stay here again	1
73	"We really enjoyed our stay with Anatha. The accommodation was everything described. Her family was warm and hospitable. Thank you again Anatha! Anatha was a great host. Our flight was delayed and we arrived pretty late into the night, but she stayed up to welcome us and get us settled. The space was great, exactly as pictured and the rooftop was amazing! Its a wonderful location with great hosts. Really welcoming, would definitely stay again during any future trips to Harlem.  My stay at this property for the weekend was absolutely phenomenal.  Anatha and her family were beyond hospitable.  The property is kept in pristine condition and my guests and I felt extremely comfortable.  The property was actually better in person than the photos.  This was my fist experience with Air BnB and it was great.  I am planning another trip to New York in a few weeks and I am hoping to stay here again.   Anatha and her family were lovely and made us feel really welcome. They even helped carry our very heavy cases! And gave lots of recommendations for the area. The flat was really cute and has an amazing roof terrace.  非常棒!房子很干净 Super terrasse  We had a fabulous time in New York  Anantha made us so welcome. Our accommodation was brilliant  Very Stylish clean and well fitted. The roof terrace was fabulous and we ended each day with drinks under the stars. The flat is very private. The accommodation is well placed between two metro lines and which take about 20 mins to Time Square. Our hosts were very helpful and not at all intrusive. We would definitely stay again  Cathy and Anthony  Wow! This place was amazing. It was beautiful and we felt right at home. Anatha and her family were very sweet and so helpful. They even helped us carry our heavy suitcases upstairs. They told us some places to visit in the neighborhood, and how to catch the train.    The roof top deck was really great. The weather was nice so we had breakfast up there, and was a quiet place for me to get some work done as well. The neighborhood had some fabulous restaurants and felt very safe. If you dont want to take the train, Uber and taxi are able to find this location very quickly too.     Wonderful hosts, wonderful place and neighborhood. We would definitely stay here again. We recommend this place to everyone!  This is an excellent apartment. It is located btw W142 and W141 streets and is around 10 minutes walk away from metro stations and well connected to downtown area. The apartment was as described and Anatha was very friendly and precise in her communications. She was helpful when we checked in late at around 10 pm on the first day. Her son assisted in taking up the luggage up the steep 2 floors. She was again very cooperative and understanding when we checked out late on the last day and allowed us to use her 1st floor residence for keeping our luggage and for freshening up just as we left the apartment in the evening of the last day.  Spent 5 nights at this lovely location in West Harlem. Nice big Master bedroom. Very roomy for the five of us. The ""1"" train is super close by and a very safe walk (made the walk after midnight with older kids - no problem). Owners are really nice and personable. They were very responsive when we needed something. Wed stay there again! We had a delightful stay at Anathas place in Harlem. Anatha and her husband are a lovely couple and welcomed us into their home, made sure that we had everything we needed and gave us lots of privacy. They were always on hand to answer questions and give helpful tips about the great city. The place itself is nice, clean and spacious with a lovely terrace at the top which was a wonderful addition. I would definitely recommend staying here as it is also very comfortable and only took 30 minutes to get downtown on the subway. Anatha and her family were lovely throughout our entire stay! Courteous, polite and kind; very welcoming and very friendly. Anatha was easy to get a hold of from the moment I booked the reservation and she was always available if needed. Their home was clean, comfortable (home feel) and just like the pics. Great size bedrooms. Their home is also located near multiple trains stops which is great when wanting to explore all of NY and there are different food options near by to satisfy all taste buds. I would definitely recommend to anyone wanting to stay in Harlem!! Après avoir passé un petit week end entre ami de 4 jours chez Anatha nous avons été agréablement surpris de laccueil de notre hôte.  Nous avons passé un agréable séjour en leur compagnie. De plus, étant français nous nous sommes senti comme chez nous car ils parlent notre langue et nous avons apprécié cela. En ce qui concerne le logement, il est comme dans la description avec une terrasse qui est agréable lorsquil y a un peu de soleil pour profiter dun petit-déjeuner au soleil. Et pour conclure, la situation géographique est au top car la station de métro est à moins de 5 minutes à pied.    Vraiment au TOP !!!    Je vous le recommande vivement surtout si vous êtes français. Host was excellent. Space was clean and nice and really well appointed for transport and in a fun up and coming Neighbourhood that wasnt just the obvious NYC spot but very close to everywhere.  Its a really good trip for me and my friends.  It was a great trip for us before the school starts. This house has full of warm in the really cool winter and also Anatha and her family. The house is very clean and the rooftop is awesome! You can have a great great breakfast one the rooftop in the morning. Thank you for letting us to live in your house:)  The host canceled this reservation 3 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Anatha and her husband were incredibly sweet and nice. They welcomed us into their home with no rules or restrictions - but with trust.   To be completely clear to avoid confusion - while the listing has the title of Entire Home/Apt, youre sharing the house with the owners. So essentially, you have an entire floor to yourself. First floor is the entrance and family room/kitchen for their family, second floor are their bedrooms and bathroom, and the third floor is the space you rent. Its two bedrooms - 1 master with a HUGE bed and a couch-bed piece of furniture that someone slept on. We slept 3 in that room. The other room has 2 small twin beds. The bathroom is a nice size and VERY clean.  There is a little common area with a couch (that I believe turns into a bed) but we didnt use it for that. There is a TV in this area with a Roku I believe. You have access to a rooftop deck, which I imagine in the summer months is nice.    The area is fine - the listing is between Columbia University and another college, so students are around but its in the setting of an urban area with deeply rooted culture. Downtown Manhattan is about a 40 minute subway ride away (shorter during morning/evening commute with express trains) - and the Subway stations are super close to the listing.    This is a great place for a large group or family due to the numerous beds. There is a little kitchenette which we did not use, including a refrigerator. Youre about a 25-30 minute Uber ride away in non traffic times, and on a non-surge basis its roughly $25-35 from the West Village/Times Square area.     Felt really comfortable in the house. Hardly saw our hosts, but if we wanted to interact with them more, they were there for us. The area generally feels safe, but coming back from the bars at 2-3 AM I felt a little uncomfortable - but in a group its fine.     All in all - to get that many beds in NYC at that price was great. Hosts were so nice and accommodating. I would definitely recommend them. Super accueil, charmante et souriante, une zone de new-york que lon ne connaissait pas !!!! April 1-6 2016  Family of 4 - with three teenage daughters.    We visited with Anatha and Jean Paul in their beautiful home for 5 nights, 6 days.  This wonderful family are truly Super Hosts and you will feel very much at home in this space.  Excellent two way communication at all times - only a text or email away.  Having stayed in Times Square hotels over the years when visiting NYC - we wanted to experience an authentic NYC neighborhood with an easy commute to the City and just having the luxury of more space etc.  Anatha and Jean Paul are incredibly welcoming and so happy to help you enjoy your stay.  Their home is beautiful and so spacious and relaxing and just as described and pictured on their website.  Anatha just added a wonderful daybed to the King Sized bedroom.  The Kitchen space is perfect and I just loved the access to laundry in this space too.  We felt so comfortable in their home it was often hard to want to leave the comfortable surroundings.  We took a short walk - 5-6 mins - to the newly relocated home of Alexander Hamilton - which is now an NYC State Park - so worth a visit - check website for tour times.  Many great eateries and cafes close by as the neighborhood is sandwhich between Columbia and City College   We had an 8.00 pm flight out of La Guardia and Anatha was very kind to extend our stay into the afternoon (as they did not have new guests arriving - please check on this if you wish to ask for late checkout) and even arranged a taxi for us to the airport.  I cannot say enough positive things about the Anatha and Jean Paul.  It was wonderful to meet them please ask them for anything you need or questions about the best routes to nearby Trains etc - it is their pleasure to assist and help you enjoy your stay, not only in their home but also in NYC.      Enjoy your stay.    Travel tip:      We booked a trip in advance to tour the UN - it was by far one of favorite things we did.  You can check this out on line.   One last tip - the new Broadway show - Simply Rotten is so, so funny - best Bway show I have seen in years.    Cafe One - local coffee and pastry soup with a fantastic Deli next door too.  Enjoy      Le logement de Anatha et Jean pol est très agréable avec une chambre parentale très spacieuse et tout l équipement nécessaire. Anatha et Jean Pol se sont montrés très disponibles pour répondre à nos questions et nous conseiller. Le quartier de Harlem est calme et agréable, cela permet de faire une pause dans le tumulte de New York. Nous conseillons à tous ceux qui souhaitent se loger à New York dans un endroit calme et pour autant vivant (Métro, super marché, restaurants à proximité) chez des hôtes particulièrement accueillants de venir chez Anatha et Jean-Pol. Nous avons pu en plus profiter de la terrasse (temps magnifique durant notre séjour) tous  les matins pour un petit déjeuner bien ensoleillé.  Coté pratique, le logement est très bien agencé avec deux chambres confortables et enfin les deux lignes de métro (1 et 2) permettent daccéder rapidement au centre de Manhattan.  Een leuk welkom van Anatha.  Huis is compleet en we hebben het er goed gehad.  Anatha heeft met een zeer aardige kennis geregeld dat we gebracht werden naar het vliegveld.  De omgeving vonden we fijn en dicht bij de metro. We stayed 5 Nights at Anathas Place in Haarlem. Our stay was just perfect. We give Anatha 10 out of 10 points. She was a very nice host, very helpful and we were feeling like at home there. The Apartment and the Location were also just Perfect for us. We highly recommend to stay at Anathas Place. Thomas and Marc from Zürich , Switzerland Super lieu, proche de tout Anatha est très attentionnée et disponible  Nous avons passé une superbe semaine    Very clean house and very nice hosts. The lovely rooftop grill was awesome in summer time.  Accueil excellent !!!! lieu parfait et hôtes absolument adorables  !! on sest senti à la maison et aucune envi de repartir. merci infiniment pour toutes les astuces pour passer un bon voyage : lieu à visiter, les transports, les restaurants, etc... tout était parfait. la literie était EXCELLENTE également, je tenais à le souligner ! A RECOMMANDER ABSOLUMENT   Great location, close to subways, lots of places to eat!! Great bar scene!! She was very nice!! Always there when needed!! Great answering all my questions!! Lots of privacy!! Its a must again!!  Very comfortable, and spacious with a homely feel. Wonderful rooftop terrace is a plus, particularly at the end of a long day walking around NYC. Super interesting and dynamic neighborhood with wonderful restaurants and bars within walking distance. Great hosts, responsive and very hospitable. Lappartement est propre et fonctionnel avec une immense terrasse sur le toit.  Tout est mis en oeuvre pour que le séjour se passe dans les meilleures conditions. Anatha et son mari sont toujours disponibles pour nous faire partager leur expérience new-yorkaise. Le quartier offre tous les commerces à proximité.Il faut environ 25 minutes en métro pour rejoindre Times Square. Une adresse à conserver pour un prochain séjour ! I cant say enough about our recent stay!  It was terrific!  We appreciated being able to check in a bit early, even though the guests before us had left just an hour and a half before we arrived.  I had contacted Angele, and she said we could drop off our luggage, which we appreciated so much, but she somehow prepared our area in a very short amount of time, and we were able to check in and make ourselves comfortable.  They were so very accommodating and gracious.  The listing was extremely accurate and even better than we had expected!  The location was incredible, especially since it is just a few blocks from our sons apartment.  Everything was absolutely perfect!  We hope to stay here every time we visit New York.   Beautiful big apartment in a great neighborhood. Highly recommended! The rooms are spacious, the air-conditioning impeccable during a hot July stay, the roof a great place to hang out and entertain friends with freshly grilled fish. Big fridge, basic kitchen with jaunt one burner, but theres the grill on the roof and excellent takeout (youre in NY remember). We lived in NY for 10 years (East Village and Brooklyn) and it was a pleasure to discover an uptown neighborhood we didnt know. Hamilton Heights has elegant streets, City College nearby, a friendly and family-oriented vibe. Anatha and Jean-Pol were perfect hosts, available for advice if we wanted... But otherwise leaving us to ourselves.  We had a fantastic time at Anathas place. We felt like locals in the apartment the minute we stepped in. The flat was very comfortable, very clean and just like what the pictures showed. The master bed was awesome and the rooftop is just perfect for breakfast and BBQ dinners. Anatha is very welcoming and helpfull. She does her utmost to please her guests. We were sad to leave ! The area is quite dynamic, provides everything you need (great italian restaurant ""the Anchor"" 5 minutes away) and the  subway is a 10 minutes walk. The street where Anathas house is located is very quiet which is great for good nights sleeps. Thanks for everything Anatha, we will definitely come back ! La description du logement répond parfaitement.  Anatha Angele est très accueillante et veille à ce que ses hôtes reçoivent tout ce dont ils ont besoin pour passer un bon séjour.     5 nuits où nous nous sommes sentis vraiment très bien.  Quartier calme et sécure et sympa, métro (ligne 1) à proximité.     La terrasse est un vrai plus, quelle vue sur un coin de Harlem !    Une excellente adresse que nous recommandons vivement. Un voyage formidable en famille avec nos trois enfants (15/13/4ans) chez Anatha. Un accueil très sympa et un appartement tout à fait adapté .on a adoré !! Famille Schiltz  Anatha & Jean Paul are a very friendly, helpfull and relaxed couple, they made us feel very welcome. We are a family of 4 (2 adults, 2 girls, 15/17y) Their place is ideal for families to stay in NY, we used the subway every day so distance was no issue at all. Especially the spacious bedroom with double bed was great! Unfortunately it was too hot (in August) to use the rooftop terras, but it looked great. We can really recommend this place to stay at! Thanks Anatha and JP for letting us stay at your place! Very kind couple, welcomed us in to their home. The apartment is located on the top floor and was perfect for us. They are happy for you to come & go as you please.  Sehr schöne Unterkunft in Hamilton Heights in Harlem mit guter Verbindung zur Subway Linie 1. Wir wurden vom Gastgeber freundlich empfangen und haben uns dort während unseres Aufenthaltes stets willkommen und sicher aufgehoben gefühlt. Bei Fragen wurde uns geholfen bzw. Tipps gegeben.  I couldnt recommend Anathas apartment more, the apartment is beautiful, our welcome was warm and the location is brilliant for a location just outside of manhatten. The subway only takes around 15 mins to get to manhatten and the area of the apartment is great. Thanks Anatha and family for a great stay. Anatha and Jean Paul were great! Responses were quick and they were both willing to answer any questions we had. Location was only a few blocks away from the Subway so it made travel very easy (even with suitcases!). The space was very roomy for 4 people and we each had our own bed. The rooftop terrace was amazing and great on a cool night! The neighborhood is very quiet and the locals are all friendly. Everything is as advertised and we couldnt be happier with our stay!  Anatha og Jean-Paul var de perfekte værter og sørgede for alt vi havde brug for. Lejligheden var så ren og pæn og tagterassen er helt klart et kæmpe plus, når vejret er godt. Nabolaget er fint og linie 1 går hele vejen til de gængse seværdigheder og South Ferry stop, hvor du kan tage færgerne til Liberty Island, Ellis Island og Staten Island etc.  Nous avons passé un vraiment très agréable séjour chez Angèle et Jean Pol.  Les photos sont ressemblantes,les lits sont confortables,  l’appartement est bien équipé et s’il manque un élément, Angèle est là pour y remédier.  Nous avons apprécié les petits déjeuner sur le toit-terrasse, la proximité des métros qui nous emmènent  plus ou moins rapidement « Downtown », les cheese-cake de la pâtisserie toute proche, la manucure à 10 $ (que malheureusement nous avons découvert trop tard sinon du lundi au mercredi, c’est Manucure+Pédicure à 24$!!)  Anatha et Jean Pol sont là pour nous aider dans les quelques petites démarches des touristes, impression de voucher ou billets, appels téléphoniques..  Bref vraiment une adresse à partager, à conseiller et à laquelle nous reviendrons!! Great host, wonderful place, clean, nice amenities. Personally loved the roof top. Definitely recommend staying at Angeles place 10/10. Anatha was a wonderful host. She was very responsive to my questions and concerns prior to arrival, helpful while we were there, and accomodating in every way. The space is exactly as described and was great for our needs on marathon weekend. The brownstone is very close to several major transit points, and very quiet at night for being in the city. Thank you for everything! Agatha Angele and her husband were welcoming, showed us where everything was in the apartment area.  They could not have been nicer.  The house has steps up to the front door that do not have a railing but where easy to navigate.  Entry into the house is into their living space. The two bedrooms, sitting area, and bath is two floors up from the main level. The beds were very comfortable, the comforters snuggly and the bathroom spotlessly clean and modern.  There is easy access to subway stations to the east and the west of their place and fun places to eat and get a drink on Broadway.   We look forward to returning and staying with them.   When we arrived, Anatha welcomed us, showed us around the place and how to work the various amenities, and offered any help we might need. The place was very clean and just as pictured. The beds were comfortable and all three of us slept quite well.     The location is convenient, just a few minutes walk from a subway stop in either direction.  We took the subway every morning to Teachers College, which is just two stops away, and took it to midtown several times. From the 137th Street stop near Anathas place to the 50th street stop took just 15-20 minutes.  Great hosts and great place! We had a great time! The place totally lived up to our expectations Anatha和她的老公J.P特别热情,房间很宽敞,只是次卧的暖气声音比较大。走路6分钟到各地铁站,比较方便,总体来说是一次很不错的入住体验。再次感谢! We stayed with our family, including an infant and our 6 year old. Anatha and her husband went out of their way to accommodate for our infant-even put up gates near the steps for safety!   They were extremely kind and helpful, as well as very quick to respond.   We loved our stay and found it easy to travel around the city via the close public transit locations.   The beds were very comfortable and there was plenty of extra blankets and pillows for everyone.   We really enjoyed the freedom to make our own breakfast in the morning and snacks at night. It made our stay feel like we were right at home.   We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and look forward to coming back again in the future! Great place for a family sight seeing in NY! Great location, easy to get downtown but not too noisy that you can not sleep.  Hosts were great and flexible and the accommodation spacious for a family of 5 with a fab outdoor deck for breakfast The space is like the pictures. To get to the top floor you have to go through the house. This floor is not closed. But for us this was okay :). The beds were comfortable. The kitchen is fine for breakfast. And the rooms are very clean. JP and Anatha were very nice and welcoming! Wir waren sehr zufrieden. Es war sauber, gut zu erreichen & die Kommunikation war auch super. Nur hatten wir nicht die gesamte Unterkunft sondern nur die oberste Etage plus Dachterrasse und es gab keinen separaten Eingang. Dennoch waren wir sehr zufrieden :)  Logement situé à moins de 10 minutes à pied de la ligne de métro desservant les attractions principales Logement bien équipé et confortable Malheureusement nos journées étaient tellement chargées que nous navions pas pu profiter de la très belle terrasse  Anatha et son mari sont très gentils et serviables Angèle et son mari sont des français  très accueillant et répond à toutes les questions que l on  peut se poser lorsqu on arrive dans une très grande ville qu on connaît pas . Leur logement est climatisé très agréable pendant les fortes chaleur qu on a eu. il est aussi de bonne taille car à 3 amis on s est pas marcher dessus.  A proximité du métro et commerce.  Angèle et son mari on bien voulu gardé nos valises la journée de notre départ car notre avion était le soir. Que dire de plus. ... On a passer un super séjour chez eux, je recommande.  Merci pour l accueil.  This was a beautiful apartment; spacious, light  and tastefully decorated. Anatha and Jean Paul were friendly and welcoming and gave us lots of helpful advice. The subway was a short walk away and there was a supermarket close by. I would love to stay there again. Anatha og her family was very nice and friendly to us. The rooftop was the best part of the place and we hang out there a lot  The appartment was clean and nice and located perfect for us. We would recomend this place for other who would like to see the Big Apple  Best Regards Per Knudtzon Denmark  This place is as advertised. We didnt spend much time there other than to sleep but it had everything we needed. Anatha and her family are very nice and courteous. The rooftop patio is a great feature. Very comfortable all around. Very stylish and modern home. Faultlessly clean with all the amenities you could need including fresh clean towels and new crockery set. The hosts were accommodating and friendly allowing us to check-out late for an evening flight. The area of the property is colourful and vibrant with a couple of decent bars and grocery shops in spitting distance. Its a little out of town for those who wish to stay in the central hub of manhatten, but the Metro is easy and just a short walk, cabs were also very easy to catch from the main road. The Sun-terrace really makes this property  though, sitting on the roof listening to the sirens and the hub of New York drinking rum-punches was one of the highlights of the trip. A wonderful place to stay if you want to be away from the busier tourist areas. We travel with our two teenage kids, and being able to go do tourist things, then go back to the house was perfect. A close walk to the train!  Great hosts. Very accommodating and responsive. Clean and relaxing. I will definitely be stay here again The place is great. The pictures are true to the apartment and what it has to offer. Tons of place to sleep. Massive king size bed and two single beds in the second room that can be made into a queen size. The two secondary additional beds are Adequate and comfortable. The place is well appointed for utensils, glasses, wine glasses etc...  the a/c works well and is controlled by the owners in the downstairs portion. The location is great because it is three blocks from the no1 line that goes to the major places. The place was very clean. The roof top was great for breakfast and evening upon return from a long day. The owners live in the two bottom floors and the appartement is on the third floor. We were never made to feel like we were bothering them by going through the common area and we came in one night at 4am. I would t hesitate a minute to rent this place again when back in New York. Thanks once again Anatha.  Appartement et accueil très sympathique et très chaleureux avec de très bons conseils qui nous ont notamment permis dassister à une messe gospel fantastique ! La terrasse est un vrai plus (même sil ny a plus de BBQ).  Attention, labsence de porte de séparation entre lappartement dAnatha (qui occupe avec sa famille les 2 premiers niveaux, alors que le notre occupe le 3ème niveau et la terrasse) peut surprendre bien que ce point ne nous ai absolument pas gêné, nos hôtes étant extrêmement discrets. Le lieu est bien desservi, à moins dun bloc du métro qui permet de descendre sur le centre de Manhattan (+/-30 mn de Times Square, 1h de Ground Zero). Magnifique séjour dans un quartier très convivial, un plaisir daller au square le soir avec les enfants en rentrant de balade, ambiance extaordinaire lors des matchs de basket. Métro très facile, ligne locale et express. Noubliez pas de visiter le quartier même, le  City collège est impressionnant. Angèle et son mari sont charmants et intéressants, ces t un plaisir de bavarder avec eux. Et que dire des flâneries du soir sur la terrasse.... Certainement une adresse à recommander Die Unterkunft war in jeder Hinsicht sehr gut: Gutes Haus, geschmackvolle Einrichtung, tolle Dachterrasse, gute U-Bahn-Anbindung, sehr freundliche und aufmerksame Gastgeber. Wir können die Wohnung nur weiterempfehlen!  Karin und Familie, CH The descriptions were accurate and whole apartment very clean and tidy, great hosts who because non one was staying on our departure date allowed us to stay longer as had night flight and never heard anyone downstairs and they were very helpful when we had questions. Tube station very handy within a 5 minute walk to get to the tourist areas and a large supermarket which seemed to stock everything you need although didnt spend too much time in the apartment. Would recommend eating and drinking prior to returning to apartment or utilising the terrace. This is a very nice Brownstone with lovely hosts.  Would definitely stay again.  Its a good location if you want to stay out of all the mid-town related insanity and still only a 20 minute Uber ride to wherever you want to go. Saubere, große Wohnung mit sehr bequemen Betten. Ein Plus ist die schöne Dachterrasse. Sehr freundliche und hilfsbereite Gastgeber. Wir haben uns sehr wohl gefühlt und würden jederzeit wieder dort buchen. Clean, large apartment with very comfortable beds. A plus is the beautiful roof terrace. Very friendly and helpful hosts. We felt very comfortable and would always book there again. Appartement propre et spacieux avec des lits très confortables. Un plus est la belle terrasse sur le toit. Des hôtes très accueillants et serviables. Nous nous sentions très à laise et nous y reservons à tout moment. From when we booked to the day we left, Anatha and Jean Paul were such great hosts. great communication at all times . the apartment itself was as described and plenty of room for our family of 4. everywhere was clean and tidy. the rooftop is just great to go and have a coffee in the morning or a beer at night and chill. the kitchen is limited but youre in NYC, so who eats in, we bought food and Pizza etc, never used them. location is perfect, not noisy at all and so handy to get to either of the subways. the area itself is cool, just across road is Hogshead Bar, very nice craft beers., 2 minutes and your on Broadway, Solace bar is great, walk further down and great supermarket.  if I will go back, which I am sure I will, I will head back to Anatahas, I recommend it so much. Anatha et Jean-Paul vous reçoivent comme si vous étiez des amis. Nous avons apprécié leur  hospitalité et leurs bons conseils (en français!). Lappartement, très confortable, est située dans une maison magnifique au cœur dHarlem. La terrasse sur le toit est particulièrement agréable! Merci! The place is amazing. So quiet with a wonderful rooftop! Très bon accueil - maison charmante et terrasse très agréable par beau temps. Les lits sont confortables et les hôtes toujours disponibles. We loved our stay. Just as advertised. The hosts were welcoming and not intrusive. The apartment was spotlessly clean. The main bed was particularly comfortable. We caught the subway home late several times and always felt safe walking back to the apartment. There are two metro services not far away. A great supermarket within about a 5 minute walk. Check out Hogshead and Drafthouse eateries - both within 5 minutes walk. Both are excellent. I would happily stay here again. The place is very nice and well equipped with all basic amenities and sometimes even more. Only thing was that I was expecting an entire apartment but it was a 2 storey bungalow with only the 2nd floor allowed for access while the host stays on the 1st floor during our stay. It didnt bother me but, the arrangement wasnt mentioned earlier . Otherwise the place and set up is amazing and a very comfortable one. I enjoyed my 4 days in the wonderful 3rd floor apartment of Anatha and John Pauls brownstone. So much nicer than an the Aloft Harlem for almost half the price. They provide an excellent value and are friendly hosts.  They have decorated the apartment and house nicely. Dont forget to look up as you pass through the second floor, they have a metal flower light fixture in that hallway that I loved. Id happily stay there again on my occasional trips to NYC if they have availability. Thanks for a great stay! Great place to stay! I would really recommend it to anyone and will hope to stay there again. The place was great, with all the amenities and a really nice roof top. The couple were such good hosts and made us feel so welcomed and comfortable. The neighborhood is great and safe and near many trains. My family stayed there for a holiday weekend visit to New York and they really enjoyed their stay. Thank you!! This family was great during our stay in New York . The home was lovely and the amenities were perfect.  Be prepared for two flights of stairs to get to your room there is a very close store on the corner, (they don’t have diet Dr Pepper though) be prepared to walk to subway which aren’t that far although coming back it’s a lot of uphill I felt safe in the neighborhood and my host were very nice and responsive. Angele et son mari vous reçoivent comme une famille ! Nous sommes venus avec nos 3 ados 12 et 14 ans et tout le monde en gardera un beau souvenir car la maison est superbe, l’emplacement dans Harlem calme et sécurisé. Les chambres et la literie sont agréables, la cuisine est fonctionnelle et le métro est à 5mm à pieds. Les habitants du quartier sont à l’image des propriétaires : serviables, souriants et vraiment accueillants. Nous avons pu grâce à Angele assister à une belle messe gospel peu touristique et pleine de belles énergies new-yorkaises ! Nous nous sommes sentis en famille et nous reviendrons sans hésitations et avec Grand Plaisir !"	1
74	It was an okay stay but there was too much noise. We stayed for a week and had to ask for extra towels. There was also a problem with the heat. It was either too cold or too hot so it was a bit difficult to get comfortable. I don’t think this place was worth the money. Awesome place! Great place, in a great location, with amazing hospitality. Nice and clean Dragans place is okay for one night, its super close to the airport which was handy for us. Its in a nice area of Queens and cheap but could defintly need some update and wasnt really clean either. Again, for one night and the price okay but I wouldnt stay there longer. The location was great, but the cleanliness and amenities could have been much better. Had a great stay Good place for the given budget. The place is easy to locate. The neighborhood is good with many stores and restaurants nearby.	0
75	This location was very comfy and convenient. I enjoyed my stay and NYC is a lovely place.     Justo lo que necesitas cuando buscas calidad y buen precio, buenas atenciones del anfitrión, excelente ubicación.  Très proche du train et de son bruit dans un quartier très Mexicano avec des épiceries pas très bien approvisionnées (pas de beure). Exiger que le loueur nentre pas dans lappartement en votre absence. Equipement de matériel de cuisine limité. Wonderful host, great location, interesting diverse neighborhood.  A main subway station is very close by (easy trip into Manhattan), as are great places to eat and grocery stores.   Take the Metro Link bus to the Roosevelt Station (great value!) and walk to the Airbnb.  We had a couple of requests/suggestions that Hector got on right away.  He really cares about his guests and wants them to have a great stay.   Great place to stay worth for the money. It is a very convenient place. Easy to get to places. Absolutely perfect stay. Friendly and warm welcome. Apartment is clean and very comfy. 10 out of 10 points. Location is very lively and close to the E Express train which brings you to downtown Manhattan in around 25 minutes. Can recommend it to everyone.  Nous avons passé une bonne semaine chez Hector. Le logement est proche de la station de métro et à 20 minutes du centre Manhattan en métro. Pour 5 il manque un peu de vaisselle et il faut demander une chaise!(que nous avons eu) Nous avons été bien accueilli par sa soeur. Je recommande Hector Hector is a very responsible host, his place was clean , spacious and had everything we needed.  Good place for a group of friends looking for comfortable relaxation!  lts a very good place to live in NYC. its very convenient to  the  public transportion and restaurants. you will have all you need to live. Emplacement: 25 min de Midtown. Station métro 7 minutes à pied avec des petits.  Quartier latinos sans aucun problème de sécurité même le soir tard. Supérette ouverte tard.  Appartement typique du queens avec rénovation. Pas de superflu. Propre, fonctionnel. Attention la cinquième personne dort sur un airbed. Peut-être quelques améliorations: équipement de la cuisine, rideaux à remplacer  Communication un peu compliquée.  Plusieurs messages sur le site adressés à Hector pour modalités darrivée sans réponses. Nous avons dû appeler. En réalité, nous navons pas rencontré Hector. Cest sa soeur Karen qui nous a  gentiment accueilli à 23hoo.   Je recommande lappartement dHector pour un bon rapport qualité prix I dont recommend this home for families or group of 5. Currently the maintenance have been abandoned and differs from the attached pictures. *Ceilings damaged *AC noisy and full of dust *Water pressure of shower really low *Blinds not functional *Air mattress for 5th guest  *Pillows not comfortable *Neighborhood with drunk/ homeless people *Food from previous guest Apartment is close to subway. Arround 30 min to Times square by metro The apartment is a separate apartment within a family home, in the middle of Jackson Heights. It was very clean and exactly what we were looking for during our stay in NYC. We wanted a place that wasnt as expensive as a hotel stay in Manhattan with more space than a cramped hotel room, and its located just 2 small blocks from the subway which brings you directly to Manhattan. Just note that there is no living or common room, but has 2 bedrooms with kitchen and breakfast area, but plenty of space for a family of 4 (2 small kids). Karen, the hosts sister, and her father were very informative and responsive. A pleasant stay. Eine preislich akzeptable Unterkunft in einer sehr lauten Umgebung. Das das Viertel nicht sauber ist ist nicht das Problem des Vermieters jedoch mindert es sein Bemühen. Er ist freundlich, hilfsbereit und nett. Die Sauberkeit und die fehlende Klimaanlage waren ein Kritikpunkt. Leider würde ich unter den jetzigen Umständen nicht mehr in die Wohnung wollen. Hector and his family did an outstanding job hosting our stay. They went above and beyond taking care of every detail in the apartment that would ensure our comfort. They had all the amenities mentioned in the profile and even more. We were very thankful throughout the whole time in NYC. The 7 train took us everywhere we went and we only paid for one uber cab which was to leave for the airport back home. There are several places to eat like Dunkin Donuts and a pretty good wallgreens-duane reade less than two blocks away. Thankyou Hector and Karen for everything! Buena ubicación, cerca de la parada del metro de la línea 7 lo que la hace accesible a cualquier lugar The place was clean, enough for 4 people and close to public transit.  I def recommend it to others.  We were three and we stay in the apartment for a month. Karen, Hectors sister made us feel at home from the first moment. The apartment is really well equiped for a long stay, the kitchen was perfect to cook, the temperature in the house too. On top of that its only like 10 minutes walk to the subway and 5 to another line.  Great apartment, great host and good location. Gracias!! Terribile esperienza nellappartamento. A causa della sporcizia mia madre è finita in ospedale dopo la prima notte di soggiorno per via delle pulci/bed bugs nel materasso. Inoltre lhost non ha risposto ai nostri messaggi prima dellarrivo. Non lo consiglierei proprio a nessuno.	0
76	My husband and I came to New York on New Years holidays, but our host canceled the reservation right on the day of our arrival, so we had no place to stay. James helped us a lot! He was very hospitable. He showed us the apartment and made hot tea for us. His apartment is small, but very cozy. There are a TV, WiFi and small kitchen with kitchen-ware and teapot. The location is great, there are many bars and restaurants nearby, and its one step away from the subway! It was a bit noisy at the apartment at night, because the pipes make scary noise, but James had left us earplugs. Thanks James for this stay! Unfortunately I did not stay in James apartment there was a mistake in my reservation I had a great staying in NY as well Im Sorry For what happened but was not my fault. Great location with walking distance to most of lower Manhattan. And access to several metro lines just outside the door. The NOHO neighborhood is outstanding: dozens of unique shops and great restaurants. James was also always on hand to answer questions and wish us an enjoyable time. Couldnt ask for more. We loved the personal feel of the place. This place was just perfect! James was a fantastic host: thorough, friendly, welcoming.... He even introduced me to a resident tortoise that lives across the hall! The space is small and cozy with everything you could need. Its the perfect little nest for weekend getaways to the city. A plus: I found myself not feeling well one day of my trip and enjoyed digital antenna TV movies on the big flat screen TV (which I didnt think Id be using, but became such a welcomed luxury on a Saturday afternoon! Also, the location is absolutely perfect. Id definitely stay at James place again! He made check-in and check-out very convenient! Thanks again, wishing you all best! James was already in a trip when we arrived at his place. He left the key somewhere where we could find it, so it was quite easy to get into the apartment. He was kind enough to let us in early in the morning when we arrived.     The first impression of the studio was that it was as small as it was in the pictures, but for two people who wanted to explore New York, it was enough since we were going to spend our days out of the house anyway. There were clean towels and a hair dryer which gave us a good impression. We noticed that the house wasnt properly clean as we would have expected, since behind the couch there was a lot of dust and the toilet wasnt so clean.     The biggest problem of the house was that there wasnt warm water, something that we noticed from the first moment, since it is quite necessary for us: a good bed and a warm shower. We notified James and we think that he tried his best to help us, but the problem wasnt solved in the end. Therefore, we ended up spending 5 days without a proper shower. On the other hand, James offered to refund us for 2 out of 4 nights that we stayed and we think that this was quite fair from his side.     We were really excited to visit New York and the place was in a great location. Just outside of the entrance there was a metro station and the neighborhood was amazing offering variety of cafes, restaurants  and most of the times we walked to places. Lower Manhattan is a quite good and hip area to live.    We loved staying at James place! It was an ideal location, as it was right near the sub and great shopping, food spots, etc. The place itself was so nicely decorated and cozy! The bed was so soft! A great place to stay. James was also a really nice cool guy! Thanks James! This place was perfect for our needs. While it is definitely on the cozy side, its great for just having a home base while out exploring the city. James was a great host. He was laid back, easy to talk to, and helpful. He even was able to help us out for a second night. Thanks! James is a great host. Really nice and accommodating. The space is small but its clean and itll do the job. Really close to everything and the subway is literally a couple steps from the front door.	0
77	"I and my fiance wanted to spend New Years Eve in NYC. It was a special day for both of us, as we are moving towards starting our life. We wanted to stay close to time square and broadway district area. We had a huge list of ""to do"" around time square and broadway theater district. Thats why we wanted to stay close so that within a walk distance we could do all that we have planed. Yoonies place was perfect for that. Its located right on broadway and just few blocks from everything that you can enjoy in NYC. Yoonie was kind to accept our reservation and we had the best time of our life. Next time if we are planning to stay in New York City, we will definitly get in touch with Yoonie. Thank you Yoonie for making our stay a memorible one by renting your place to us.     Khan and Sahar Yoonjungs Studio was very convenient- only minutes away from the next bus stop and the beautiful Central Park. Even though it was small it was enough for 2 people. Everything was very clean and since we went by car we found many parking garages around there.  Communicating with Yoonjung was also no problem at all. She was fast in replies, always friendly and very helpful.   We had a great time in NYC! Deixe a comunidade Airbnb saber como foi a sua estadia. Kind and convenient appartment close to subway and 2 blocks from Central Park.  Yoonie very nice and helpfull.  Great place to stay in NYC ! Amazing location with easy access to metro and lots of restaurant/food options close by. Loved having Trader Joes around the corner! Very clean and cozy apartment, and Yoonie was always quick with responses, would definitely stay here again if I am in NYC. Thanks Yoonie! Yoonie was very helpful before and during our stay, and gave us all the information we needed. The flat was in a perfect location, and our break was very enjoyable! If youre looking for a place near the Lincoln Center, you wont get much more convenient a location. Thank you Yoonie! My boyfriend and I spent 9 days at Yoonies apt in Upper West Side NYC and we had a great time. The apt is at a very convenient location close to many subway stations and a couple of blocks away from Central Park. It is cozy, clean and very functional. The neighborhood is beautiful and the people at the front desk very helpful and nice. The City is Fantastic! Yonnie was a great host, always ready to help and answer any questions we may have. I highly recommend Yoonies place.   Yoonie was a great host.  Always helpful with any questions or requests.  She always responded to any questions promptly we were never left wondering about anything.  The apartment was clean and tidy and the location was great for getting around New York being close to the subway.   Great location. Close to everything.  Estuvimos con mi hermana 8 noches en el apartamento de Yoonie. El apartamento es impecable, ideal para dos personas, super limpio, la cocina bien equipada, la ubicación es perfecta con el subte a pasos.  Pasamos una semana increible!  Gracias Yoonie! a simple clean apartment near metro and near Central Park. Yoonie has been ready to answer to all our questions and needs. a good experience!! Lappartement est très bien situé à côté dune station de métro quo dessert facilement les différents points touristiques. Lappartement était propre et fonctionnel. Yj Han nous a très bien accueilli et a répondu à tous nos mails avec clarté Everything was perfect ! Easy to find and close to the subway. Good location to visit the city ! Thanks  Yoonies apartment is in a very nice neighborhood and close to the subway stop so its very easy to get everywhere in Manhattan. Its also just a few blocks from Central Park. Check in and out was very convenient. The apartment is very clean and while its basic, it had everything we needed. We enjoyed staying there! Yoonie is the best. I unfortunately didnt get to meet her this trip but she was so helpful with everything. We booked last minute for new years weekend and she was happy to have us. The apt was in a perfect location in Upper West, close to everything but nice place to unwind when you have had a busy day. Will definitely be staying here again in the near future. Thanks Yoonie!! The reservation was canceled 14 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. ""Clean and sunny"", cest le slogan pour cet appartement qui est en réalité ""Dirty and dark"". Le slogan est donc mensonger.  Je ne conseille pas cet appartement qui a été une très mauvaise expérience pour nous et qui a gâché notre séjour.  Impossible douvrir la porte à notre arrivée. Serrure grippée et bloquée  Lappartement donnait limpression que lhôte était partie précipitamment et que nous nétions vraiment pas attendu compte tenu de son état :  - évier non nettoyé dans la cuisine et déchets séchés au fond  - une tasse dans sa soucoupe était restée avec du café encore présent entre la tasse et la soucoupe  - assiettes mouillées dans les placards  - four très sale et présence dun plat rempli de déchets brulés à lintérieur  - salle de bain repoussante (douche, lavabo, toilettes), miroir, carreaux et protection douche tâchés de projections deau savonneuse    Je ne rentre pas plus dans le détail car tout était à ce niveau. Nous avons du nettoyer avant toute chose      Lorganisation de lappartement, son exiguité et les équipements nous ont mis dans une situation de camping tout le séjour.  - piano à queue et lit accolé interdisant laccès à la fenêtre. Pour y accéder, il fallait marcher sur le lit qui il est vrai était au niveau du sol. De ce fait, une personne avait le nez sur un mur et lautre sur les pieds du piano sous lequel étaient entassées des tas de valises pleines.  - aucun rangement pour les affaires. Nous avons laissé nos vêtements et autres affaires dans nos valises laissées à même le sol pendant tout le séjour. Un placard de rangement avait visiblement été condamné.    - vaisselle minimum (4 assiettes, 4 verres disparates, 2 fourchettes, 2 cuillers, etc, ..)  - rien pour faire égoutter la vaisselle après nettoyage  - pas de machine à café  - 2 chaises seulement dont 1 avec dossier cassé    On comprend pourquoi il y a peu de photos sur le site AirBnB car ce nest pas montrable.    Cet appartement est un vrai scandale, on ne sy sent pas bien, il nest pas accueillant, on ne peut pas sy remuer (nous étions 2), il est sale, tout manque à lintérieur, il est triste, etc, .....    Nous ne conseillons évidemment pas cet appartement qui, au-delà du fait quil est excessivement cher, a la capacité de gâcher le séjour. Cest une honte !    Francis     YJ was an awesome host. Extremely helpful and was very responsive while we were there. Would definitely recommend the area/location as we always felt very safe and it was so easy to access the subway which was pretty much across the road. Apartment was exactly what we were expecting, small, but had everything we needed. Perfect if you are planning to be out most of the time and just need somewhere to sleep, shower and keep your things safe. Shower pressure was nice and strong! Thanks YJ!! We had a fabulous time in New York & couldnt have wished for a better location. Its so close to central park & subway & within easy walking distance of everything. Yj was a wonderful host & was there to meet us even when we arrived late due to traffic. Apartment is tiny but very clean with a very nice bathroom & shower. Having a laundry in the basement is also a huge plus in NYC so thats an added bonus. Thanks Yj! Fantastic location. Easy access to subway, Central Park and shops. The apartment is clean and bright.  Would stay again!  The neighborhood was fantastic!  Grocery stores and amazing restaurants within walking distance, not to mention the subway.  Central Park is amazingly close.  The flat itself was clean and perfect for the two of us.  Will definitely book this flat again next time we are in New York. Had a great stay at Yjs apartment.  Location couldnt be beat!  You are in the center of everything.  The apartment was very clean.  Great water pressure in the shower and lots of nice clean towels to use.  The bed was very comfortable.  Yj was very friendly and responsive to any questions I had.  Thank you Yj for letting us stay! YJ responded to all questions we had before and during our stay, even though she was out of town.  Her place is a lovely little studio in a fantastic location, merely feet from the subway and just a couple blocks from Central Park-- we walked to the Met and MOMA, right across the park.  We strongly recommend this place! Great neighborhood. right down from the lincoln center and 72nd subway.  room was quiet and clean. clean towels and sheets were available.  Needs some art on the bare walls, but I would recommend! Thanks! Me and my boyfriend really enjoyed YJs apartment! It is a little studio very clean and bright. Shower, wifi, refrigeretor.. everything worked very well.  The bed its a sort of futon but comfortable. A lot of towels are available. There was just tea for breakfast but the location and the neighborhood couldnt be better!! I recommend this apartment! I stayed in YJs apartment for 4 days with my mom this past weekend. It was very conveniently located to the subway and to many restaraunts. The apartment was clean and had all the necessary amenities. YJ was very very helpful and it was a pleasure to interact with her. Will definitely stay here again the next time I come :)  YJs apartment is in a perfect location, 2 minute walk to a sub station, and has allot of great places around a walking distance.  Yj was also very helpful before our arrival, and made it very easy for us to find the place and get around.  We loved the location of the apartment. Clean and sunny was true! Air conditioning worked great. Great water pressure. Bed on floor but comfortable. Neighborhood/block clean and safe. We had a great stay!  YJ was responsive to all communication. Her studio is bright and near Lincoln Center, Central Park, many delicious restaurants, and conveniently close to the subway. Fantastic neighborhood! Thanks for letting us stay! Yj was a very attentive host even though she was far away. The location was excellent, close to an express subway station. The doormen in the apartment building were helpful. YJ desde el inicio hablo del sitio como nuestro hogar, brindo respuestas de forma pronta, el barrio mejor aun de lo que parecía, realmente con todo lo necesario a la mano, unos cuantos pasos y listo! The host canceled this reservation 4 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 20 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 25 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 32 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 42 days before arrival. This is an automated posting."	0
78	"The host canceled this reservation 26 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Titus was extremely welcoming and helpful, ready with information on the area such as places to eat and navigating the subway. Titus is also always on hand by mobile if there are any issues. The rooms were extremely comfortable, and the kitchen and bathroom were always clean and nicely decorated. The place itself is very close to the subway, and there are lots of nearby shops for food and necessities. The house as a whole has a very nice feel, and can definitely be made to feel like home! Both Titus and Van were both very welcoming and accommodating. The place was comfortable, within walking distance from the subway station. There are also bars, restaurants, delis and take out places nearby. Easy check in and check out experience, great location--Titus and his family made us feel very welcome! We had a great stay at Titus apartment in a perfect location for us. An awesome neighborhood with lots to do in and around, but not too busy. The photos were accurate and the place is really nice with good amenities and very comfortable. Titus was a cool host and really helpful. We will be back!  Titus is a very cool and friendly host. The stay was very comfortable and fun. The flat is clean and very good equipped.  Great location. Titus and his family were friendly and welcoming. This was my first time with Airbnb, and Titus was a great host. He was very kind and helpful by advising us about the area and how to move around. The neighborhood was extremely quit, beautiful and with lots of things to do, and just a few blocks from a subway stop. The house was nice, the room very spacious and clean. It was an excellent option for the price you pay. Hope to come back. A better description of the premises would be necessary  (PRIVATE ROOM but shared little kitchen and bathroom) 6 people during our visit A little table and a chair as well as a wardrobe to sort clothes could be appeciated.  The third bed was a camping bed ! An additional seat in the kitchen too is necessary Location was pleasant , nice italien restaurant and breakfeast place ar the corner     Metro Utica 10 minutes walk very convenient to down town Manhattan  Titus was a pleasant man and helpfull for our start in the big apple This is a perfect little retreat in a wonderful neighborhood! Many restaurants, shops, clubs within blocks, and a welcoming vibe in all of them. Theres a nice kitchen, and the shared bathroom presented no complications.    Usually I stay with friends when I visit BedStuy, but the rest of the wedding party made it necessary for me to find accommodations near their apartment. Titus made the entire transaction easy-- I still felt like I was staying with friends. Titus and Maiya were both very welcoming and friendly. The neighbourhood had everything we needed within easy walking distance. Laundry and shoe repairs at the corner, great coffee and pasta at Sagarinas and our live jazz bar downstairs, Bar Lunatico. We had a lovely stay, thanks for having us. Maiya was a really convenient host ! We enjoyed our stay at her place  A really nice room, host and location for my 2 day/3 night trip.  Maiya was great and was always on hand to answer questions by phone or text.  The room was clean and tidy as was the shared bathroom.  The location is perfect, 5-10 minute stroll to the subway, then 20-30 minute trip to the centre.  The street is quiet and tree lined, there is a nice french coffee shop at the end of the street, a 24 hour mini market which serves hot food and juices/smoothies as well as all other convenience food/products. Theres a couple of restaurants and a Jazz bar within 2 minutes walk, I tried the Mexican which was really nice and does take-a-way. Good sized room next to a bathroom that one shared with another person/ or persons. Clean room and very convenient for the underground and busses . Good bar next door and two good coffee shops at both ends of the block. Attentive hostess  who is very nice.  Sehr nette und hilfsbereite Gastgeberin. Alle aufkommenden Fragen wurden umgehend hervorragend beantwortet.    Wir hatten die Unterkunft explizit gewählt, um mal das ursprünglichere Leben in Brooklyn kennenzulernen. Diesbezüglich wurden wir nicht enttäuscht. Sehr interessant war auch, was die Gastgeberin zum allgemeinen Leben in Brooklyn und New York zu berichten wusste.    Auch zur Nachbarschaft kann man nichts Negatives sagen. Freundliche Menschen, gute Restaurants, gute Läden, gutes Cafe, alles in unmittelbarer Nähe. Top.    Man darf halt, wie generell in Amerika nicht erwarten, dass alles ständig renoviert oder saniert wird, wie das bei uns in Deutschland der Fall ist.    Von daher, absolute Empfehlung!!! Maiya was very helpful getting us settled in and accommodated our arrival time wonderfully! She had great instruction and information all ready for us. Towels were wonderful and she provided plenty of amenities. Mayas accommodation is located in a great area in brooklyn, where you can get quite quick to manhattan if you take the subway! There are also some grocery stores and restaurants in the area !  She was a really great host. Helpful before, while and after my stay there !  And the room I slept in was very beautiful and big! Cant say anything negative ! We really enjoy the stay. The place is safe, quiet . The Neighbour very polite and friendly. I didnt meet Maeya, but my husband met her and he  kept telling me that shes nice, friendly. the room was like in the picture, beautiful color !!! Sure we will come back  I didnt really see much of Iquane, other than when checking in, but the property was beautiful, the location was perfect, and I didnt have any problems during my stay. Id definitely recommend this location, and would stay there again in future visits.  Jolie chambre, simple, dans un appartement à partager avec une autre chambre à louer pour les parties communes (petite cuisine et salle de bain/wc). Super quartier et très bonne localisation près de la ligne A (entre JFK et Manhattan). toutes les commodités sont à proximité. Overall, Bed-Stuy was a fun area with a lot of character. The room was comfortable and air conditioner great during warmer days. Was a little confusing to have three hosts during the one week stay.  The accommodation is ideally situated in Brooklyn on the line A of the subway which allows a direct access to the airport and in the center of Manhattan. The room is spacious, clean. A kitchen is at arrangement of   the guests. Iquane our host was for our arrival there, he presented us our accommodation and answered all our questions. We appreciated the life of this district, specially a place where we had our coffee every morning and which is near the accommodation: Saraghina. The accommodation posts a good value for money.  Quan was super chill & provided us with everything we needed. This is a shared space but we didnt see the other person. Its a cool spot, couple blocks from  the subway & theres a bunch of great little places to eat. The place itself is nothing special but it works if youre going to be out & about all day & really just need a place to sleep. Solid experience.  Close to subway,lots bars,diners and convinience store nearby,host was very friendly and quick response.Bathroom can be more cleaner. The stay in the room was ok. The room is huge, but there is only a bed inside and one commode. We missed some furniture for putting things down. Unfortunately the wifi dint work during our whole stay. The check-in was easy and Iquane answered quickly.     But the problem was the shared bathroom. It wasnt cleaned before and during our stay.     The neighborhood is great. Just next door opened a nice Bar and further restaurants and Delis are nearby. The subway is a 10 minute walking distance.  Location:  - great, 10 minutes walk to subway, which takes you directly to Manhatten Times Square and most of the other attractions - nice and safe neighborhood  - lots of small cafés, restaurants and bars nearby  Apartment: - big and beautifully decorated bedroom, but it had a bad smell, open windows didnt help  - the bed was O.K. - bathroom was small and compact, but very old  - bad WiFi connection (almost no WiFi, only in the kitchen)  - kitchen had all the necessary equipments  Host:  - we didnt meet Rica personally  - the staff was really nice and cleaned the bathroom every morning and answered all of our questions Welcoming... As promised, close to the A train. We maximized our days/nights so we never met Rica, but Vin was helpful. Keep in mind it is shared space as noted. If you arent comfortable sharing bathroom space, this may not be for you. A clean space. Market at the end of block open 24/7 with fabulous food, friendly service and reasonable prices.  Awesome place! Loved my stay here!  Great location! A lot of cafes around, metro station in 10 min. A and C lines get you to Manhattan for 20 min. The house is very nice. Lots of space and privacy. Get to lock the door to your room which is very important. Wifi wasnt that great, a little to slow for me. But other than that it was a great stay. Excellent chambre  The STAY was very enjoyable. The house is easy to navigate from the A line train and is close to a few neighborhood bars and restaurants. Everyone was very friendly and kind to us!  Great place, great value, very nice people!! Super convenient location!! Close to subway, shops, owner very nice!!!  Mixed reviews but worth a try. You basically get what you pay. Actual bedroom a deviation from photos but you do get the basic necessities mentioned. Bathtub was clogged the first day but host was quick to resolve it. Wi-fi signal is unstable so we ended up not using it. The blanket seems a little small for the bed but definitely usable. The heater wasnt really working the first 3 nights but it was running fine the last night. Lastly, host is quick to respond to your questions and is nice. If you are thinking of staying here, do reach out to host to make sure everything is working fine! This is a great room, easy to get to with public transportation, the room is clean and the host is friendly and accommodating.  You got what you pay for! It is a 10min walk to the nearest subway station. Actually you have to go to the 3rd floor, because the front door already is on the 2nd floor. The host placed an extra bed, which was very nice because I stayed the week only with my mom, so we both had our own bed. The bathroom is old and was a bit dirty, but thats because of the other room you have to share it with. The next time I would prefer an other neighborhood for a citytrip (closer to Manhatten/Brooklyn Bridge). All over, the stay was fine, the price fits the room and the host is very helpfull! She was a great host Great accommodation! Close to everything you need & a generally cool neighborhood. Would book again!  The place is what you pay for. It had basic amenities, bathroom was a little dirty, and A/C took a little while to cool down the room on a hot day, but overall my stay went well. I unfortunately didnt have the opportunity to meet Rica, but the man she had in place of her was sweet and accommodating. He set out an extra bed for my mom and I, which was very thoughtful. The location is only a few blocks from the A train, and while I didnt spend much time in Bed Stuy, I felt very safe walking around to get from Ricas place to the subway.  Great Host, beautiful location  We loved staying at Ricas place! The location is great, and the room met all of our needs. Would stay again!  Its a 10-minute walk from Utica Station, but buses stop right in front and around the corner if you plan on heading to the hip areas in Williamsburg.   The AirBnB is hostel-style (we didnt know prior to arriving), and a good budget-friendly place if you dont mind sharing the common space.  Theres plenty of places to grab food and coffee in the area around the clock. Saraghinas a pretty cute breakfast place. If you dont mind the casual bar chatter next door and plan to spend most of your day around town, this place is fine for you. The room itself is a bit rough around the edges, but it works if you do not plan on spending more then a few moments in your room at a time. However, it is in a good location and around quite a number of restaurants and bars.  I loved that it is close by many restaurants/bars.  사진이랑은 좀....... A clean room in Bed-Stuy. We had three people in the room, the cot was all set up before we arrived. Family member let us in within 30 minutes of texting that we got off the subway.  So close to the subway, and many good places to eat. If you want to get out of Manhattan and see the real NYC this is the place to be. Its a cool spot just needed a TV I was in the city overnight for a workshop and Ricas place was great for it. I needed to check-in later than expected but Rica was responsive and flexible. Lalloggio è carino e il quartiere molto bello, pieno di bei localini e negozi di alimentari, anche il vicinato è tranquillo. Gli spostamenti sono lunghi: la fermata della metropolitana è a 10 minuti a piedi e per raggiungere Manhattan occorre almeno mezzora.  La camera è confortevole, un po più piccola di quella nella foto. La cucina è attrezzata e pulita e si può utilizzare. Il bagno è in condivisione con unaltra camera e non viene pulito di frequente ma è comunque dignitoso. Non abbiamo parlato con Rica ma con suo fratello e un altro ragazzo che era spesso in casa. Abbiamo avuto qualche problema di comunicazione: il nostro inglese è discreto ma non è eccellente e non era semplicissimo intendersi con gli host che parlavano un inglese molto colloquiale utilizzando molto ""slang"".  Il costo è forse un poalto rispetto al servizio. Nel complesso esperienza positiva. The room was located just minutes away from the subway station. There were numerous options for food just within the neighbourhood, which wasnt too noisy either.  The room itself was beautiful, but very old (creaking floors). Although we didnt get to meet Rica in person, she had a great response rate, and we were helped by the buildings maintenance person, who was very welcoming and kind. We stayed on the second floor, which may be difficult for travellers with a lot of baggage.   Despite having a later flight past the stated check out time, Rica was very accommodating and allowed us to leave our bags in the building until we had to leave. It was a great staying experience overall, and I would enjoy staying there again in the future.  Friendly and helpful! Thanks for the great experience!  We had a really good time staying at Ricas, the apartment is located in a very convenient, safe and peaceful neighborhood in Brooklyn, it is 10mins walk away from Utica station on the A line!  We felt really relaxed when we were in the apartment, we had our own space, and didnt feel bothered at all when theres different travelers coming to stay! Matched the price and more! Had a small kitchen, clean shower/sink area and had a quiet night of sleep. Good coffee and grocery nearby as well.  We hebben in een ander huis geslapen dan geadverteerd ivm renovatie. Erg vriendelijk ontvangen. Nivo van de accomodatie is type studentehuis. Goede verbinding vanaf utica subway. Helaas geen wifi en geen antwoord verhuurder op vraag. The apartment given was not the one rented via Airbnb. Rita commented that this last minute change was due to a problem with the other room. The one provided was not the one in the pictures at all. The rest of the stay was ok. I would have love to have more feedback from Rita during our stay. Nothing serious, but I would like to have her answering my emails/ (Hidden by Airbnb) messages often. Very nice airbnb! Very close to the subway and theres a lot of parking space on the street out front. If you want to go to Central Park or Time Square, its a 40-45 min. subway ride. The room is really big, theres AC and it is really quiet at night. The bathroom is alright. Ricas brother was really nice and suggested us a lot of place near the apartment where we could grab a bite if we needed to. We went to Saraghina, a nice italian restaurant where we ate one of the best pizza ever. We also went to Lunatico, a really cute bar two doors away with live performers. Also, theres a 24h convenience store right around the corner which is useful for late night snacks or drinks. Really good experience overall ! Thanks again !   Très beau airbnb! Cest très prêt du metro et il y a beaucoup de place où se stationner en tout temps. Si vous voulez aller au Central Park ou Time Square, cela prend une quarantaine de minutes. La chambre est spacieuse, il y a de lair climatisé et cest très calme la nuit pour bien dormir. La salle de bain est également bien. Le frère de Rica nous a bien accueilli et nous a suggéré plusieurs places où aller dans le voisinage. Nous sommes allés au Saraghina, un restaurant italien où nous avons mangés une des meilleures pizza. Aussi, nous sommes allés au bar à deux portes de lappartement et cétait très sympathique avec des musiciens. Il y a également un dépaneur 24h au coin de la rue, ce qui est très utile. Définitivement une belle expérience! Place was decent for a night. Fun location to explore a part of NYC off the beaten path. Room was just what we needed and clean. Quiet neighborhood. Ricas place is a great starting point for your stay in New York! The neighbourhood offers a lot of nice breakfast places to get powered up for the day. The subway brings you to downtown Manhattan in under 30 minutes.  Although we havent met Rica in person, getting in contact was very easy via texting. And there was always someone around for a quick question.  On our departure days they offered us to leave our bags in the appartment until we had to head to the airport, awesome! Little gem right in the heart of Brooklyn.   Conveniently located for both bus and subway,  getting around is so easy.  Some great eateries really close by, must try Ma and Pops! I felt like we were scammed. When my boyfriend and I came to the location the host wouldn’t pick up the phone and we were outside waiting for about 10 minuets. We ended up just walking in because the doors were wide open. When we turned into the room we thought was ours (because a key was hanging in the door) someone had their shoes off and was laying on our bed spread - which we couldn’t use later because it was so damp.   The host sent someone else down to talk with us and we never met Rica. And this person told us they had given us someone else our room. We didn’t have any AC in the room we got randomly and I had to ask to be moved to another part of the house with AC. It was really uncomfortable and we did not feel great about where we were staying at all. I would not recommend anyone staying here. We wouldn’t recommend staying at Rica’s Place. The pictures do not match the current condition of the room. The room looks cute and modern on the pics but it is rather old and renovated badly. It is way to expensive for what you get (you can get cleaner and nicer rooms in the same neighborhood for 65 USD instead of 85 USD). When we arrived their was no hot water available and only brownish water coming out of the fountain. We had to switch places and weren’t able to relax after our journey. In addition we had to ask for the room change and it was not offered right away. Their was no comparable room available.  Our second room was a lot smaller and there was no dresser. Sheets of the bed were changed but it was not clean. Same for the bathroom and kitchen.  Rica is reachable via text message. We complained late on Friday night about the room condition and missing and broken essentials and hoped that she would have said sorry or informed us that she would change and clean some stuff the day afterwards. But she just said that we could go and tried to call us three times after midnight. I didn’t react because I didn’t know how. Then a she was even telling us that she would call the “proper authorities” if we still make a complaint. To be honest, I got really scared and switched off my phone and locked the door. The next day we informed Airbnb because we didn’t know how to help ourselves. Airbnb told us that we should have called on Friday right away. Now we know better. Ricas place was good for what we paid and needed, with a very spacious but basic room in a nice, quiet residential area, not far from the subway. We never met Rica but instructions were clear for check-in.  However, I wouldnt stay there longer than one night as it was very very cold, needed a heater or something in the room! And when we messaged Rica with questions and about giving us another towel (as she had only given us 2 tiny ones between 3 we got no response) The beds were ok but werent very comfortable and our request for proper pillows was ignored, please note that the pictures are generous.  In addition, I think It would be nice to include some recommendations for shops, restaurants in the local area as we searched for a while when we arrived, but not essential.  Thanks! There was someone to welcome us when we showed up. The neighborhood was great and just a short walk to the subway. While being a quiet neighborhood, there were plenty of places to eat or grab coffee. Would highly recommend! A localização é boa, próximo ao metro mas achei o quarto muito sujo. La estadía fue muy buena, un ambiente bastante cálido y acogedor, lo mejor de todo fue la ubicación ya que un bus pasa por la puerta y este te deja en paradas por las cuales puedes entrar al metro, teniendo en cuenta las bajas temperaturas por las fechas en las que nos hospedamos, esto fue bastante conveniente. Poor customer service skill, very impatient, and rude!! DO NOT BOOK. If you want to be yelled at and threatened by the property residents, then this is the place for you. There was one guest the first night we stayed at this place. On the second night it was just us and the heat was turned off. When we inquired about it, there was no response until daylight and that was ""other guest did not complain"". Extremely unprofessional and poor guest services. One of the people who lives on the property owns a gun, which he uses to threaten guests. Pictures are nothing like actual room. False advertisement. Thankfully we had our own sheets and pillows. I could say more but let me just end with this- pay the extra $$ and go stay somewhere else. If you take your time to search listings you will find decently priced hotels in Brooklyn as well as air bnbs in Manhattan for $50 +. perfect location. the apartment was beautiful and very clean. the host was awesome. I would highly recommend. Decent for a short while, historic neighborhood with good food & drink nearby.   Large barebones room could be very nice with a few simple upgrades. regardless, met my needs. I enjoyed my stay, it was only one night but it was a smooth, clean stay. Especially the bathroom (I hate dirty bathrooms)."	0
79	Robertos girlfriend was very friendly and took care of everything being that he was away on a trip. Very friendly roommates and also were okay with our late arrival and staying out pretty late. such a nice and clean room and comfy bed too!!  There were no respondings from the host until I texted and called several times, and with a flexible check-in, I was standing outside the door and were very confused for a long time. Then the host finally responded and was surprised we were outside her door. Then the room had some funky smells and without windows to open. Then there were no beddings or towels and the room was messy and not clean. The host said we could use hers very dirty towel in the bathroom. Though the host was friendly, but the apartment should not be hosting.  All around cool guy, happy to show you around the city and introduce you to new things. Chill with you yo your comfort. Great apartment, close to the subway. Easy communication. Recommended  Really enjoyable stay. I did not like my stay there. The room was not ready and we had to manage stuff ourselves. Though Roberto did reply with solutions immediately, but did not work as he was away so only messages. The location was good and the locality was also nice. However, I would not recommend this place as I found it costly compared to services and the room we were given. Robertos place is in an amazing location in a super cool neighbourhood.  The place is extremely close to the subway and a short walk to several cute shops, restaurants, and bars. Also in a great location for those looking to see the famous Bushwick street art. Robertos place is in a prime location right next to the convenient l train. There was a lot of different entertaining activities going on around his place. Would highly recommend. Robertos house is very good located, close to the L train	0
80	"Yigal was a wonderful host. He was very easy to communicate with by text and replied quickly to any questions that I had.  He made it easy for us to extend our stay when we requested an extra day. Arrangements were made with Nancy to meet and pick up the keys. That went off without a hitch. The townhouse was very clean. The photos do a good job of showing what the place is like. The rooms and beds are comfortable. The three bedrooms upstairs were nice. The bed on the main floor is off the living room and basically in what would be the dining room. It is all open and there is no privacy.  That wasnt a problem for us, since we were all related, but it should be noted. It was wonderful to have such an amazingly spaciously apartment Manhattan. I used to live only 8 blocks north – in a studio apartment. I love the area, it is safe and filled with good restaurants and we were able to walk to Broadway shows from there, which is nice. Street noise was not an issue at all, but we did hear the neighbors on both sides. Overall this was a great Manhattan get-away and I would definitely stay there again. Spacious. Clean. Good Location. Had everything we needed including fully appointed kitchen. I highly recommend it.  Yigal was very quick to respond to all communications, and would check in regularly prior to our actual stay. The townhouse was perfect for us -- very comfortable and in a very enjoyable neighborhood. This is the 2nd time Ive stayed at this location, and would absolutely do so again. Everything went very smoothly from reservation to check-in/check-out. Thanks for making our stay a fantastic one! Yigal responded very-very quick and it was pretty good and helpful.   the location of the townhouse is perfect to walk to the musicals,  restauraunts, shops and etc.  the townhouse is nice, clean and equipped with everything that you will need for your stay in Manhattan.    the  kitchen, living-room, bedrooms are comfortable and nice.  but street noise in one bedroom was a problem for us. it was difficult to sleep in it.   there was also a problem with door knobs- they were fixed not properly and sometimes it was difficult to lock the door.  once, our friend has been locked in the toilet and he could not go out..   on the whole, the townhouse is comfortable and good.     Yigal responded to a last minute request in a very timely manner. Even with travel restraints due to the weather he made sure the home was clean and ready for our guests. We were welcomed upon arrival by Nancy who was mostly forthcoming and tried to make herself available for contact should we need help. The neighborhood was quiet with what seemed like low tourist involvement. I encountered an unexpected late fee that appears only on the computer. As travel was for business, any payment must be proved through receipt form. I was required to pay cash for the $50 late fee and therefore had no proof of purchase, ELIMINATING my ability to get refunded as Nancy and Yigal were unwilling to make any attempt to assist me. The house was in fine shape with the exception of loose door handles; aside from not fully closing, one person was LOCKED in the bathroom for over 10 minutes while they struggled to open the door. At one point during the evening, many of us were stuck waiting outside in the cold while we STRUGGLED for 5 minutes to open the front door. Nancy said she would inspect, did not. Fine value but there were major pitfalls that made our stay merely adequate.  Great place in location conveniently located to Rockefeller Center and a twenty minute walk to Times Square. Clean and big.  The cleaning crew checks you in and out.    Great, central location! The space is huge and very comfortable. A bit of traffic noise on the front side of the house, but nothing extreme. Overall, we had a great experience. La casa estupenda  y el barrio también  My family and I really enjoyed staying at Yigals place.  It fit 10 of us very comfortably and was in a great location.  Easy walk to a bunch of great restaurants, bars and stores.  Yigal was very responsive and Nancy, his attendant, was helpful and nice.  They do ask for $200 cash as the security deposit when you arrive, but that was returned to me quickly upon checking out. Muy buena experiencia en casa de Yigal. La casa era muy cómoda y bien equipada, si bien es cierto que como ya han comentado otros usuarios antes había una habitación en la cual las ventanas no están del todo insonorizadas y por la noche era el ruido se hacia muy patente. Barrio muy tranquilo y cómodo, con muchos restaurantes, supermercados, y el metro muy cerca. En definitiva, casa muy céntrica y cómoda , y con Yigal ningún problema. Nos puso en contacto con la persona encargada de entregar las llaves y todo resulto muy bien. En conclusión, volvería a su casa sin lugar a dudas. We planned a quick last minute spring break family trip and this unit was perfect! Convenient, large, comfortable! Everything was handled in a most efficient manner. Yigal was fabulous to work with, from initial contact/enquiry all through our stay.  He is flexible, accommodating, and responsive; what a terrific host!  The townhouse was exactly as shown, no surprises, and was such a gem in a charming neighbourhood: perfectly situated to restaurants and transportation, there is a market less than two blocks away, and it was perfect for our family.  We appreciated the newly renovated bathrooms and kitchen, and the extra space.  Thanks Yigal for a wonderful experience.  We are very happy to stay again.  While we didnt get to meet him in person as he was away Yigal kept good contact from before we arrived until departure. His reps were very responsive and easily contactable. Thanks    Waaaaaay better than staying at a hotel.    The place is pretty well located for our purposes. Maybe 15 mins to the subway. (New York is BIG so nowhere is close to everywhere right!). Proximity to Subway is key and this is quite OK.    We had 2 families of 4 so it was 4 parents in 2 rooms and 2 girls shared bedroom 3. One boy in the lower level fold out and one in the middle level (neither private).    Was perfect for our purposes of seeing the city. Perhaps Id say a little tight for 8 (unless very young children) if you plan lots of time indoors for a long stay or value extreme privacy.    Kitchen is pretty basic so would be a challenge to prepare lavish meals each night. Plenty there for breakfast and we ate out every night so no issue there.    The space is narrow and stairs are steep. Being from suburban Sydney we are not used to townhouse style living - I imagine this to be pretty normal for the city though. No criticism just for awareness.    Plenty of TVs.    I little street noise - but no problem for sleeping and like any apartment if the neighbours have the TV (or anything else) up loud you will hear it.   This was my first time to book on Airbnb. We were met on a timely basis and let in the apartment. One bedroom was basically a bed in what I think was meant to be a dining room. 3 bedrooms upstairs, none had tvs (have to admit we didnt look around long). I saw 1 small bathroom upstairs. The girl did say there are 2 up there but in the brief time I was there we only saw one. The kitchen is in the downstairs area (half bath down there also) and it smelled so bad down there there was no way I was staying there. When the girl came back she did offer a can of lysol for us to spray to help cover the smell. As soon as I booked this room I tried to cancel it but the reservation was accepted within minutes and when I finally found the cancellation policy it was very strict and we could only get half our $ back if we cancelled at least a week before we were scheduled to check in. I had guests with me and there was no way I was going to stay there. We ended up staying in a hotel. I found the place disgusting and even within minutes of booking and trying to cancel the host was basically unresponsive essentially saying the reservation had been confirmed. Yigals townhouse is clean and comfortable. Location is excellent. We enjoyed our stay.   Communication with Yigal was easy and he followed up every few hours in our 2 day stay if everything was Ok. I will recommend his townhouse to other people.   Yigal was very on top of the booking process and the check in and check out process.    The place for the most part was as expected.  The location and value were great.  The only thing that prevented a 5 star review was there was a very bad smell coming from the bottom floor.  It was tolerable the first few days but on our last night I considered moving my family out the home.  I made his cleaning lady aware.  She said she would address it with him. Great location only 10 mins walk from 5th Avenue, subway station nearby, lots of restaurants in the area.  Good contact with the host who always messaged back quickly with answers to my questions.     However the apartment itself was in need of some TLC. There was a missing window blind in the main bedroom, shower tap loose, stairs carpet to kitchen area was filthy and the kitchen had a strange fishy smell which was rather unpleasant.  It was a little noisy in the main bedroom as this is on the street side but not too bad but in the back bedroom the next door neighbour liked to watch TV very loudly - all night!  We did have a fantastic holiday in NY and the apartment was ideally placed for our daily outings but it just needs a little upgrading to make it great.  Yigal was quick to respond to my inquiries and made it simple to get the keys and check out was also very easy. The townhouse seems even larger than the photos. Plenty of space for our family gathering. The neighborhood seems quieter than some others in New York that Ive stayed in, just the usual street noise that you hear from the front bedroom. There are great places to eat nearby and a wonderful market called Morgan Williams a few blocks away. And the subway stop is very close as well. Its really ideal if you need lots of room for a large group! Great location.  Fabulous place that could accommodate all of us.  We were all very pleased and would stay there again.  Excellent value. The house was exactly as we expected. Very comfortable, practical, clean, spacious and fully equiped! The area is central, quiet and safe. Close to the basic metro lines and buses. Restaurants, bars, shops and markets were in short walking distance. All our group of 7 persons are really happy and satisfied. The host also gave us a late check out at 15:00 with a fee of $40. When I arrived the place had not been cleaned so I left for a few hours.   When I returned the living room still smelled awful. I had not visited the entire townhouse when I first arrived or the kitchen. When I went downstairs to the kitchen it smelled musty and obviously had mold somewhere. There was no way I was going to eat in there or wanted to sleep there, but it was too late to find another place by the time I returned so I slept there one night and left the next day. The person I communited was nice and she instructed me to leave the keys in the kitchen.  She asked if she could send someone to do a deep cleaning , but the issues and smells could not be cleaned by a ""deep cleaning"". The place needs serious renovations and a new floor in the kitchen because there is water damage from the washing machine causing water damage/ mold. The floor in front of the washing machine is sinking, has black mold and is causing an awful smell. I would not recommend this place to anyone and the owner has refused to return my payment even though his place is misrepresented on Airbnb and the smell is disgusting.  The location was excellent. A couple of blocks of everything, the Rockefeller Center, Central Park, Times Square, etc. Yigal was always willing to make our stay better and help us with every need we had, like moving checkin/out time or others. I would definetily recommend it. An excellent townhouse in a great location! We had 10 people sleep comfortably and were able to check in and check out without any hassle. Communication leading up to the stay was excellent, and we greatly enjoyed our time at the property. Everything was clean and functional. Would highly recommend! The host was very responsive to our questions and needs. He was quick to communicate. Great experience! Nice enough place and getting in was no issue.  The AC on the main floor where one bed room is located,  didnt work,  leaving 25% of us sweating all night.  Trying to leave was a bit tough as we needed to get our 200 dollar key deposit back and the cleaning lady went MIA for about 40 minutes. In either situation, the host was very helpful. The townhouse was perfect! 5 couples stayed comfortably and there was everything we needed close by! I would definitely stay here again. Also, Yigal was a pleasure to work with very flexible and quick to respond. I could not have dreamed up a better experience. Very smooth prices.  Yigal was great to work with and was responsive.  The place was very clean and spacious for our group of 10.  Wonderful experience!  Nice location. Lots of space. Decor was cold, and not very homey. Didnt like that one of the beds was in the middle of the main floor. Inconvenient process for check in and check out. Key pick up and drop off was awkward and ran through the maid, who asked for a $200 cash key deposit that was never discussed. Didnt end up paying it, so it felt like a scam. Also, the owner made us set up an exact check out time that we had to meet the maid to give her the keys. We wanted to leave before that time so the owner had to text the maid and we had to wait awhile for her to show up. Overall it was a mediocre experience, at best. Someone brought us the keys right after we arrived.  The cleaning lady was there when we left. Great location, easy, clean and great for a big group!      This house was very nice for location, clean, and wonderful room.  Every room were fantastic and rest room was clean and comfortable. It is near the subway, restaurant and  mart. Some day, I hope to visit here with my family  Great location close to lots of things.  Close also means noisy as people walking by all hours, constant traffic.  House is fairly neat however beds are cheap and uncomfortable.  I expected more for the price. The location and neighborhood was great. The size of the place and the 4 baths was great. The place needs a deep-cleaning, mattress pads for all the beds, maybe a couple of extra rolls of TP would be nice. We stocked the place for the next guest which we shouldnt have to do. While the mouse and the cockroach were probably quintessential NYC, I wouldve preferred to skip them. Meeting the cleaning lady for access and departure is a clumsy system and needs to be improved.  Trevligt hus med toppenläge mitt på Manhattan. Vi var nio personer och hade gott om plats. In- och utcheckning gick lätt och smidigt. Yigal var lätt att få kontakt med och svarade snabbt på alla frågor både innan och under vistelsen. Vi är mycket nöjda och kan varmt rekommendera detta boende. Nous avons été très bien accueillis bien que notre arrivée ait été tardive à cause de lattente pour passer les contrôles à laéroport (4 heures en tout). Lappartement était conforme à ce qui était annoncé il correspondait tout à fait à nos attentes (nous étions 10) ainsi que le quartier très bien situé pour visiter New York à pieds. De plus Yigal a toujours répondu par retour lorsque nous avions des questions. Le wifi fonctionne très bien. The house is spacious and perfect for a large group or family. Good water pressure in the showers. Beds are a bit squeaky but were comfortable. The houses location is great. There were a lot of fun bars and restaurants right around the corner as well as a Walgreens. Metro stations are nearby. Theres a bike rental station right outside as well. Yigal was very easy to work with. Check-in and check-out was smooth as can be. The townhouse was just as described as on airbnb. The location was fantastic easy walking distance to shops & restaurants and a short walk to the Metro. There were 7 of us and there was plenty of room for all and 4 bathrooms which was great for all us girls!! Would definitely recommend staying here if you fancy a trip to New York  Stayed here in early December.  Fantastic location.  Huge house.  Lots of great restaurants and bars in the immediate area.  Able to walk everywhere.  Great experience and would stay here again.    There were 9 of us in the apartment for 4 days/3 nights and it was very comfortable and spacious. There were plenty of sheets and towels. The owners rep was waiting for us when we arrived and everything went smoothly. The location is excellent and there are innumerable restaurants, bars, pubs and coffee shops in the area as well as other services. The owner also communicated well and promptly during our stay. While it was cold outside, the heat inside the apartment was very good. We would highly recommend.  Great location. Very nice host  Excellent location in the city and a perfect place for our family to spend time together.  The town house has real character.  Yigal was very helpful and our check in went like we hoped.  Grocery shopping is within a few blocks.  The host was great he arranged an early check in the position is excellent its a very quiet part of 52nd street.  Everything went well.    It was a nice warm house.  Very easy getting around  This place is very nice and perfectly located. The photos are just as advertised. Extremely fast & constant communication throughout the entire process. Highly recommended!  Everything was perfect, clean, great location, and great host!  We had a fantastic girls weekend! This townhouse is great for a big group.  Its close to the MetroStation and was very comfortable!  Definitely would recommend this place! Huset ligger genialt!  Det er perfekt til store familier eller en flok venner, der er god plads.  Desværre er det noget mere slidt i virkeligheden end det ser ud på billederne.  Man skal være opmærksom på at det store spisekøkken ligger i kælderen, og er derfor ikke super charmerende. Det ene soveværelse er indrettet i en åben halvdel af stueetagen, og er derfor ikke særlig privat. Der er ikke 4 badeværelser, som beskrevet, men 2 badeværelser og 2 toiletter.  Huset var desværre temmelig beskidt da vi ankom, jeg håber ejeren får mere styr på sin rengørings aftale.  Det skal dog lige nævnes at både sengetøj og håndklæder fint og rent. We were in shock to see the condition of this apartment. It is dirty, rotting floor in the kitchen, water pouring down the wall & ceiling in the lower level bathroom, mice in the kitchen, visible open trash below the fire escape, old smelly food in the refrigerator, I could go on, but there is no point. I cannot believe the good reviews and wonder if they were written by friends of the host or superintendent. This is a nice neighborhood, & it was a huge disappointment to have to stay in this dirty, dusty place. We couldnt look for other housing because we had already paid Airbnb up front and did not have the money or time to look elsewhere. I almost forgot, neither jacuzzi tubs (2 of them) worked. Both were broken & it was listed as having a hot tubabd it did not...Buyer Beware! We paid way too much to stay there.  Very good place thanks Yigal  Yigals place is spacious, clean, and convenient to top attractions in NYC, also to groceries and restaurants. Yigal is very responsive and easy to communicare with.  I will rent thls place again and recommend to friends. Everything was fine If you want a  - clean place,  - 4 bathrooms,  - toilet paper,  - No rats,  - calm and quiet.  - meet the host. Pass your way because you wont find any of these. An awful experience with only one good point, the spot, which is rapidly forgotten.  - There is only 3 real bedrooms, 1 open place as a 4th room and and an awful sofa bed as the 5th bedroom. No 4 bathrooms but only 2 + 2 toilets.  - The sofa and the floor was very dirty.  - There are rats in the basement.  If you want a good place to stay forget it.  We cant say anything about the host as we have never meet him. The place was great. 2 bathrooms and 2 powder rooms, nearby grocery stores and restos.  Only complain is the creaky door hinges and the messy paint job on the walls. Aside from that, everything was ok. We stayed in Yigals apartment for four nights, and had a great time. The apartment was clean and spacious, and accommodated the nine of us comfortably. The apartment is in a great location close to lots of the sights in Midtown. Overall, I would definitely recommend Yigals apartment, particularly to groups. Good location in Manhattan and with lots of restaurants in the area. Big house to stay with a family group. The house needs some improvings like to change the windows because you can hear all the noises from the street and it is difficult to sleep, and it needs a deep cleaning.  Lappartement est conforme à la description et propre. Accueil et départ très facile et flexible  Nous avons passé 2 jours super à New York grâce à cet appartement très bien placé : au calme et proche de tout. Emplacement au top, appartement bien assez vaste (et cest rare pour le quartier) pour recevoir sans problème 4 couples, lappartement de Yigal doit toutefois être remis au goût du jour avec un équipement un peu plus adéquate pour une semaine de vie (je pense à celui de la cuisine avec un léger manque au niveau des verres et des assiettes). Mais rien de bien méchant. Lessentiel se fait dehors. Yigal a toujours répondu en temps et en heure, et a fait preuve dune réactivité sans faille pour résoudre un petit problème électrique.  En somme, un très bel endroit pour qui veut profiter de Manhattan !!! Allez-y les yeux fermés. Você quer privacidade, quartos quentinhos e limpos?? ENTÃO NÃO FIQUE AQUI!!!!   Só tem 2 chuveiros e ele não informa isso, um dos quartos não tem parede, fica no meio da sala, um dos dois únicos chuveiros fica dentro de um dos quartos (zero privacidade) e pra piorar o aquecedor não funcionou NENHUM DIA!! Mesmo eu entrando em contato para que fosse arrumado.  Poeira em todos os quartos, varremos tudo antes de usar pq tava impossível. Ah, e quando chegamos não tinha papel higiênico em todos os banheiros!! Solicitei ao dono e a faxineira jogou um pacote no chão da sala no dia seguinte. Assim, no maior descaso. Ah, e pra vc que quer entender as fotos da casa eu explico: a cozinha fica no porão, junto com a lavanderia e a mesa de jantar; a sala o a primeira cama de casal ficam na 1 piso. O segundo piso tem uma suíte com chuveiro e mais 2 quartos com mais 1 chuveiro. o preço pela localização era bom, mas a casa deixa MUUUUITO A DESEJAR. Nem tô levando em conta o fato de nem ter visto a cara do dono. Só vimos a faxineira que foi estrita as regras da casa. Hospitalidade: zero.  This is a great location and a cute place.  There are only 2 showers so you have to work out a schedule.  There were also no wash clothes or hand towels.  There were not enough coffee mugs or glasses. The location is great, close to downtown and to the metro station. The house is spacious, however it needs some maintenance work and some deep cleaning. We were welcomed by a kind cleaning lady that gave us lots of useful information and Yigal was always available to communicate.  Mixed review. This is a difficult review to write because there are both real strengths and weaknesses to this property. The LOCATION is fantastic. If you want lots of space, you certainly get it. Do note though that the 4th bedroom isnt really a bedroom and while there is a degree of privacy offered by a room divider screen, there is absolutely no barrier to the sounds of anyone else staying there. The current cleaning lady is friendly and does a good job of the basics but has clearly not been authorized to do more in-depth cleaning such as the carpeting on the stairs which is very dirty. The KITCHEN  is lacking a great many things including: real glasses, measuring cups and spoons, a spatula or flipper (impossible to fry eggs for example), a strainer or colander, cork screw, can opener or dish cloths of any sort. Out initial request to have the microwave moved from on top of the fridge (unusable unless you climbed on a chair) was addressed within 48 hrs. However, the coffee carafe was broken (not visible upon check-in) and was never replaced in our 7 day stay. This place has great potential but really needs these improvements.  Main issue with this property is the lack of cleanliness. Dirty bathrooms and stained linen and towels. Booked this property as four couples visiting New York and expected the property to have the advertised four baths but there are only two baths plus two WCs with basin. Also, only three actual bedrooms, the forth being a bed in a corridor. The propery is in an excellent location for sightseeing and surrounded by good bars and restaurants. bb Es muy amplio y lindo el departamento. Eramos 2 familias con tres chicos cada una.(total 10) Estuvimos comodísimos. No es tan lejos del centro, se puede ir caminando tranquilamente y un taxi no es caro al lugar. Muy recomendable. Deben coordinar bien el tema de las maletas This was a great spot for our group to explore Manhattan! We walked on foot or took a Lyft to many different spots.   It was comfortable for 10 people, but be aware that 2 of the beds do not offer much privacy. If you want complete privacy, it only has 3 bedrooms. However, for the cost, we didnt mind! The beds were comfortable and I heard no complaints about the facilities.   My only complaint about the amenities was that the coffee maker was broken on arrival (like had a hole in the carafe broken - definitely not user error!) and I asked Yigal to replace it when we noticed. He responded quickly, but it was not fixed for the next morning. With our group, we were relying on that coffee maker! The next day when we arrived back, it was replaced, so we were thankful for that, but I do wish it would have been sooner.   Additionally, I was surprised by the amount we had to clean before we left. We were told that we had to clear out all of the garbage, even from the little cans in the rooms, and I felt a bit like they assumed we were gonna trash the place. I feel bad if theyve had bad experiences in the past, but it seemed a bit extreme.   All in all, I would stay here again with a large group. You would never get this type of rate in this location for this many people. Thanks for the place to lay our heads during our busy trip! We had a group of 10 staying there and really enjoyed the location.  It was perfect for us as it was close to everything.  Yigal was very easy to work with and always responded to my questions in a timely manner.  It was perfect for our wedding party to stay in.  A nice quiet neighborhood with several eating places and markets nearby. We stayed with my 3 small kids, my parents and my sister and her husband for 3 nights. The home is not lived in - it is just a rental. It was easy to find and the owner was fine to deal with. Most of the furniture is broken and beat up. There is rotting floorboards in the kitchen so be aware with small kids. The staircase is steep and the banister is broken so again, be aware with small kids. The neighborhood was nice but I will be selecting a house in a different spot for my next trip.   Wasnt what was expected, but definitely liveable for 2 days. Cleanliness of pictures compared to actually property is misleading  This house is large and can sleep a lot of people. Id say thats its best feature. It was fine but pretty worn around the edges. What you dont see in the pictures is that the carpet is very stained, the furniture is ok but old, and there is a smell of an old apartment and something chemically. There wasnt any toilet paper or paper towels, we had to go to the store for that. There wasnt towels in the bathrooms, we had to get them out of a plastic bag in the closet and they were thin and very low quality. They also left a bag of dirty towels by the front door for pickup which seemed like they could have dealt with. There was a small room off the kitchen that Im assuming was some sort of garbage room because it was full of garbage from previous guests that made the kitchen smell. We were on business and had to use the iron, the board was in very pore shape and old, the iron was dirty, we had to clean it so it didnt stain our cloths.  The first morning we woke up and there had been a water leak in the ceiling above the stair case  These things happen but whoever came to clean it left plaster all over the carpet and water in the walls. There was water in the wall right above the light switch so we just left the hall light on the whole time so we didnt get shocked. They did partially refund us for that I just didnt think they dealt with it well.  Also one of the beds was in the center of the house so if someone used it it wouldnt be private at all. A little more info about the layout, there were three bedrooms upstairs, one bed in the center room on the main level and the kitchen in the basement. In the master bedroom upstairs there is a small balcony but the doors were permanently bolted shut so its inaccessible.   I probable wouldnt stay her again unless I had 10 people and we didnt want to use the apartment at all.  The region of the house is very good, but leaves a craving for cleanliness. It was necessary to sweep the house as soon as we arrived. Se trata de una casa con grandes posibilidades, lo mejor sin duda su excelente ubicación y el tamaño para alojarse un numero elevado de personas, como fue nuestro caso. Como puntos positivos destacaría: - Ubicación excelente - Zona, todo lo necesario al alcance: supermercados, bares, restaurantes,tiendas..etc - Wifi: funcionaba muy bien en toda la casa - Comodidad para una estancia de varios días para un grupo numeroso ( en nuestro caso fuimos 9 personas)  Pero lamentablemente tengo que destacar un gran número de deficiencias que encontramos en la casa, deficiencias que hicimos llegar al dueño de la casa a través de la señora de la limpieza en una lista que le entregamos cuando nos marchamos y que fueron las siguientes: - Moquetas muy sucias - Uno de los colchones también estaba sucio, con una gran mancha  - Las luces de las escaleras tanto para subir a la zona de los dormitorios como en la bajada a la zona de la cocina no funcionaban, teniendo que bajar y subir a oscuras - En el techo encima de la escalera de subida a los dormitorios había un gran agujero tapado y con señales de humedad alrededor, según la señora de la limpieza era de una avería que había surgido el día anterior pero parecía ser de hace mucho mas tiempo y no había sido reparado. - En el cuarto de baño principal la barra de la ducha se caía constantemente, la tenían sujeta con  un trozo de papel y la tapa del frontal de la bañera se caía constantemente. - El water del otro cuarto de baño de la planta de dormitorios se atascaba - Las persianas del dormitorio principal no funcionaban, no se podían subir - El banquito que había a los pies de la cama estaba sucio y deteriorado - Los cajones de la cómoda del dormitorio  principal no abrían ni cerraban bien. - Había cables por el suelo en la zona del salon - El menaje de cocina es realmente insuficiente para 9 personas, tiene lo mínimo y faltan muchas cosas necesarias para cocinar. - Realmente solo hay 3 dormitorios. El cuarto dormitorio es una zona totalmente abierta, se puede separar con un biombo que estaba muy estropeado.  En definitiva es una casa con grandes posibilidades pero que da aspecto de descuidada, creo que su dueño debería invertir en mejorar todas estas cosas, las fotos publicadas no se corresponden a la realidad, el aspecto en general de todo es mucho mas viejo y descuidado de lo que aparenta en dichas fotografías. Y es una verdadera pena ya que la situación que tiene y el tamaño de la casa son extraordinarios.  También añadir que antes de cerrar una reserva con Yigal se este seguro de todos los detalles ya que no es nada flexible ante cualquier cambio que surja, siempre se remitirá a lo contratado previamente.     This is the place you want to spend time in when visiting NYC...great location, unbelievably spacious, great condition and communicative host. 6 out of 5. The location was wonderful - right around many restaurants and lots of things to do. The communication was seamless with Yigal and I highly recommend his place. My only side note is that the 4th “bedroom” is more of an open landing type of set up but that was fine for our stay. Please note that this property is NOT as it appears in the photographs.  I can only assume they were taken a very long time ago.   It is now extremely tired looking, in need of updating and a jolly good clean.  We now wish we had taken more notice of the negative reviews before we booked - they are the more accurate. The property is listed as having 4 bedrooms, but the reality is 3 bedrooms and 1 bed in a thoroughfare between the sitting room, stairs to the lower floor and the door to a very overgrown and unsightly garden - not a bedroom at all.  It is also listed as having 4 bathrooms when in fact there are 2 bathrooms (1 of which is an en-suite)  and 2 rooms containing a toilet and a hand basin only. The stair carpet leading from street level to the downstairs kitchen/dining area is very dirty and very badly stained.  Most of the beds have mattresses that sound like you are sleeping on cornflakes.  Two of the three window blinds in one bedroom are broken in the down position - naming only a couple of areas in need of attention. Two of our group were my niece and her partner (in their 20s).  They travel a lot, mainly using hostels, and commented that these hostels were often better maintained and cleaned. We have been left feeling that as the owner gets your money in advance and based on very misleading photographs that is where his interest ends.  My sister did e-mail him during our stay raising some of these issues, some two weeks ago now, but has received no response, despite his quick responses during our booking process.  This is all very unfortunate as the property is in a very convenient location but offers very poor value for money based on its condition. Dette er et innholdsrikt og romslig rekkehuset i Midtown Manhattan med fire store soverom, ideell for store grupper! Det har også en stor spisestue, utstyrt kjøkken og oppholdsrom. Det er ikke så godt vedlikeholdt og det en del rot i bakgården,  men er absolutt et flott sted å bo. Det er store flatskjerm-TVer i hele huset og høyhastighets wifi. Dette huset er ulikt alt annet du finner på Manhattan og er perfekt for familier som leter etter en rimelig måte å oppleve  byen på. Casa de tres plantas, realmente solo 3 habitaciones. Cama en pasillo y sofá cama en el sótano junto con la cocina. Solo dos baños completos. Todo necesita renovación. Ventanas no cancelan ruido. A la salida, nos quisieron cobrar extra por dejar las maletas unas horas en el último momento. The best things about this place are the fantastic location and the ability to accommodate a large group.  It was a short walk to the subway and everything midtown was within walking distance. There were enough beds for our group of 7. But the house is in great need of TLC.  The carpets and rugs are nasty, the lighting is terrible, the living room furniture needs a deep cleaning, and several things are in need of repair.  Beds and floors are loud.  Mirrors are needed in the bedrooms.  Towels and sheets are the cheapest possible.  We could only find one dish towel. The coffee pot only made 2 cups at a time (mini coffee pot) and there werent enough mugs. Be aware that they are completely gutting the apartment next door and the equipment noise during the week is crazy loud. Street noise can be heard in the master bedroom.  And as they said in other reviews, one of the beds is in an open area, not a closed off bedroom. Très bel ensemble sur trois niveaux déco au top Il ferait bon y vivre à l année.  Merci Perfect location, great house La localisation est vraiment idéale. L’appartement est très spacieux avec de beaux volumes. Quelques imperfections néanmoins : une chambre communicante avec le salon comme déjà décrite dans d’autre commentaires. Le point noir essentiel reste la propreté: lorsque nous sommes arrivés la femme de ménage était en action en passant le balai sur les moquettes des escaliers ... passons sur l’état des tapis de sol des salles de bain et sur le fait que la tournée de linge était encore en cours après le départ de la femme de ménage, ainsi que le sèche linge... bref c’était à nous de les vider... la cafetière est trop petite pour 8 ( en fait pour 2 personnes ), manque de couverts évidents . Le chauffage est penible tant il est bruyant mais il est difficile de s’en passer tant l’isolation des fenêtres est nulle.  Bref localisation idéale mais des efforts à faire pour améliorer le séjour des hôtes. Demander 40 dollars pour laisser nos bagages pendant 5h alors que l’appartement n’est pas repris est vraiment indécent mais bon on aurait pu aller dans une consigne . Fabulous location and worked great for our party of 8 adults. Unfortunately someone had to draw the short straw for the ""4th"" bedroom but Yigal did replace the broken screen which offered a modicum of privacy. Cleanliness and general maintenance is still lacking which is a real shame, especially when we are charged a $200 for cleaning. Do please read the reviews and make a judgement call, the house is accurately represented there. Quick responses, and customized to fit my schedule to check in and out. Nice place and amazing location. Nice house very well placed in the city. A couple of little things made our experience not as good as it could be (missing bulbs, window lock broken and not closing proper, poor heating in the basement) but our family enjoyed the stay there.  Very easy to get to cool places even by walking and subway is a few minutes away. 在曼哈顿区市中心,离第五大道走路过去就10分钟左右的路程,适合家庭入住 Wir waren mit 8 Erwachsenen und einem Kind für drei Nächte in der Unterkunft von Yigal in New York. Der Standort des Hauses war sehr günstig. Wir konnten den Times Square, das Chrysler Building, den Central Park und noch vieles mehr sehr gut zu Fuß erreichen. Das Haus und die Ausstattung war wie in der Beschreibung angegeben. Die Ausstattung war einfach, aber für den Preis und die Lage sehr gut.  Das Haus an sich ist etwas in die Jahre gekommen und benötigt hier und da einige Renovierungen.  Für uns war es ein gelungener Aufenthalt und eine sehr schöne Zeit.  Danke nochmal an Yigal, dass wir vorzeitig einchecken konnten.  Vielen Dank Natalie "	0
81	John was very helpful.  The apartment is clean and beautifully decorated.    My check in and check out hours were flexible which helped me to plan my stay .    Thank you John John was a great host! We are early birds, so we really appreciated the early check in time. We were able to meet John somewhere close to the apartment to pick up the keys. The apartment itself was easy to find and exactly as described/pictured on the posting.   There were plenty of clean towels, fast wifi, and a very comfy bed which made us feel right at home. The building was also pretty quiet so we could get a great nights sleep. It was only two blocks from the 6 train which allowed us to get around the city easily.   Checkout was a little disheveled since we had early plans that day, but John was nice enough to meet us downtown where we were having brunch to pick up the keys once he was free. Overall, John was very responsive and flexible. We would definitely stay here again! The place looks just as it does in the pictures. The apartment is nice and cozy. It was extremely easy to get to the subway from the apartment just about 2-3 blocks away and easy to get to the city. At first we were a bit skeptical about the neighborhood and how safe it was, but it was pretty safe and we didnt run into any problems. The apartment itself is a good size for two people. I just wished there were stocked paper towels and toilet paper. The bathroom and floors could have been a little cleaner. There was a lot of dog hair and dust. There was feee wifi and a tv with hulu and Netflix but no regular channels. Overall we had a wonderful stay and definitely worth the price!  John was an excellent host!! He was very friendly and helpful. The apartment was clean and it was exactly as it appears in the photos. The neighborhood was nice and we were in close proximity (two blocks) from everything that we needed. Parking, wifi, and Netflix was available. The bed was comfortable and the building was quiet. Our stay was fantastic.   A descrição bate perfeitamente com as fotos do anuncio, o apartamento é limpo e organizado, e o John é muito atencioso. The apartment is even nicer than it looks in the pics! The apartment is really clean, comfortable and just like what appears in the picture. Only two blocks to subway, and its pretty safe than I thought even at 11 pm. Buen lugar para quienes busquen ahorrar en su estadía en Manhattan, esta cerca del subte el cual te conecta con los puntos mas importantes de la ciudad. El barrio si bien la primera impresión no fue buena, con el correr de los días nos hizo sentir muy a gusto. John siempre estuvo muy atento a nuestras inquietudes y respondía muy rápido, con respecto a la limpieza es correcta para quien no es muy exigente, por ejemplo nosotros tuvimos que limpiar la bañera para poder bañar a nuestro bebe ya que no parecía muy limpia... En la zona hay varios restaurantes, supermercados etc etc así que es un punto a favor. En resumen creo que la relación precio calidad vale la pena y mas si se viene en temporada alta que cualquier mal hotel tiene precios extremadamente altos.	0
82	Centrally located to Times Square and midtown. Clean, quiet and nicely appointed for what I needed. Happily the heating worked well! Steph was great at quick responses and providing local tips. My girlfriend and I stayed for a week in February 2018.  The appartment is great. It has been recently renovated. It is very comfortable and well equiped. It has everything you need (even hairdryer). The heat works very well; we were never cold.  Regarding the location, it is very close to Times Square, it’s within walking distance from two subway stations and you have plenty of bars and restaurants in a 5-block radius. Despite being in a centric area, the appartment is very quiet.  Steph was a great hostess. Her outstanding hospitality made our stay an incredible one. Her responses were fast and accurate. We’ll sure go back! Great access to all subways you will need. Less than 1 min to times square. Super clean apartment. The owner gave us valuable  recommendations about transportation in NY (was our 1st time in the city) Steph place was super cozy and ideal for a calm night in. The area is buzzing with so many things to do and the area was close to everything. We truly had a good stay and would book again in the future ! I loved this place! It was clean, beautiful and less than a block away from Times Square.	1
83	"This apartment was in a great location and was a largish apartment in a good building. However we were very disappointed with the amount of clutter and the hosts personal belongings which were all over the apartment. We were also not pre warned that there would only be plastic cutlery and paper plates available. As we were staying for over a week, we  missed not having a microwave and a toaster. Although we did not meet Josh, he was in regular contact both before and during our stay to ensure we had everything we needed. The apartment is superbly located between Central Park, local cafes and the express subway downtown.  It was very comfortable and spacious and contained everything needed for our 6 night stay. Josh was very friendly and helpful. He always replied very quickly to my emails. The apt was as seen on the photos and clean. The kitchen is a bit small and equipped very basically. A bit small for 4 guests. It met our basic needs while in the city.The building is super friendly, residents and staff. Perfect location on the upper west, close to park, subway, shops and whole foods and very calm. Josh is a great host and I highly recommend this apartment! Amazing location right across from Central Park and near the best of all the best Upper West Side restaurants and shops. The apartment is spacious, nice and quiet and it has a doorman so you always feel well taken care of! We very much enjoyed our stay in Joshs apartment.  We found the apartment to be in an ideal location and very close to the subway to midtown.  The apartment is at the rear of the building and was very quiet so we enjoyed a good nights sleep throughout our stay.  We loved being able to walk through Central Park to the Upper East Side and Museums.  We found Josh to be a relaxed and generous host.  His communication with us was great and we experienced no difficulties at all.  Would definitely recommend to others. Great stay! The building is great snd the apt very spacious! You have anything you need to have a comfortable and nice stay.  Great host! Thanks Josh!!! The host canceled this reservation 5 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. We had a good experience at this location. There was accessible easy communication with our host who did everything to make our stay most comfortable. The spacious apartment had the benefit of wonderful convenience to the park for activities and perfect access to public transportation.  We had a great trip and hope to return to this ideal vacation rental on our next visit. Thank you Josh!  Josh was a wonderful host. He made regular contact throughout our stay to ensure all was OK. His apartment is spacious with all essential amenities and more and is perfectly located right across the street from Central Park. Its far enough from the hustle and bustle but so close. Only a short walk to the subway which takes anywhere you want to go! Only one block  from Columbus where you can find all sorts of fine restaurants and bars.  Would not hesitate to recommend Joshs place if your coming to New York. Thanks Josh!! Josh is a great communicator. Besides sending us a very helpful page of explanations about where to find things in the apartment he quickly answered all additional questions we had (can we take some bottles out of the fridge to have more room for our food, where is the card for using the laundry in the basement).     The apartment has plenty of room but the kitchen is fairly small. The bed is somewhat soft but certainly no worse than many hotel beds and the air mattress provides a firmer alternative if you have back trouble. Josh cleared out some dresser drawers for our use but we would have used even more, and hanging closet space, if they were available.    Garbage is thrown out inside the entrance to the stairwell near the elevator (if I recall correctly thats the ""Y"" stairs). The garbage chute is tiny so you can just leave large bags of garbage next to it, and there are also bins for recycling plastics and paper. The laundry room in the basement is only accessible from the elevator farther from the apartment. Besides the buttons between the two elevators that call both elevators there are buttons higher up near the elevator that can go to the basement for calling just that elevator.    The location of the apartment is great. We enjoyed having Central Park right across the street. The north entrance to the 86th St station of the B and C subway line is just a block and a half away at 88th street, and the M10 bus stops right at the entrance to the building. You need a metro card or exact change to take the bus but you can buy the card at the subway station.     We enjoyed our stay and would be happy to stay at Joshs place again if it is available the next time we visit NYC. We had the most wonderful stay at Josh’s place! Josh was very warm and welcoming. He provided us a personal experience, making sure we receive comfort landing. We highly recommend this place for all of those who are looking for an amazing NYC experience. Josh’s apartment is beautifully located, convenient, and spacious. He is an excellent communicator and we felt right at home. We, family of three, stayed at Joshs place for 5 days (Dec 26th to 31st) and our overall experience was good.  Josh is a good host and he kept in touch to make sure we have all the information before we arrived, and was easily reachable when we needed some information during our stay.  The location of the apartment is perfect, and closer to most places in Manhattan and Central Park is right across the street.   The building has a doorman, and during our stay we met many and they were all friendly and nice.    There are a few things that made our stay uncomfortable -   1. Neighbors -  Two families residing on that floor asked us if we were renting Joshs apartment.  Josh had told us beforehand what our response should be, i.e.,  ""we are Joshs friends and we are visiting NY"".   It was an uncomfortable conversation with those families.  2.  Cleanliness -  Bed was not clean. Also bathroom  can be kept clean.  3. Bedroom was very cold during our stay, as there is a large opening in the window. Both the gas heater and the portable heater couldnt keep-up with the incoming cold air.    I am sure Josh will take care of these issues, and we will stay again at his place if these issues are addressed."	0
84	"I loved staying in this apartment. It was warm and clean, the area was quiet and safe, next to lots of good bars and restaurants. Christine was a great host and recommended places nearby to eat, drink and play. Ill be booking this apartment again when I next visit NYC. Could not recommend it enough. Christine was really easy to communicate with and was understanding when my check in/out times changed.  The apartment was really clean and comfortable to stay in.    I would definitely stay here again! We really had a great time on our stay.  James and Christines place was gorgeous and located in a great area with lots of good restaurants and bars.  While we didnt get to meet Christine, we did meet James.  He was very charming, friendly, and helpful.  We already want to go back!!! I had a great stay at this apartment - clean, convenient, well set up. Has a comfy bed with lots of pillows and a separate living/kitchen area. Christine met me upon arrival and showed me around. My only comment would be to be aware that theres a fair amount of street noise, so if youre a light sleeper, bring ear plugs (that probably applies anywhere in NYC!).  It was so lovely to stay in a flat instead of a B&B or hotel and it was so much more convenient.  Only 1/2 mile or so from the G train and less to Pratt....myrtle st has everything you need!  Christine responded immediately to my need for a hair dryer and my other questions were answered immediately.  We will be back in May, August and October for sure! Very comfortable, clean, spacy apartment and great host! Definitely, 5-star & plus. Getting the key and checking in were well arranged without any problem even though my cell phone would not work there. Thanks to Austin. Christine always responded my questions and requests promptly and kindly. I definitely recommend and would like to stay at this apt again!  I stayed in this gorgeous flat in Clinton Hill, Brooklyn for 5 nights. Easy commute to lower Manhattan via bus+subway. Short taxi ride late at night when traffic isnt bad. The checkin/checkout were the easiest really! Christine was a great host! My girlfriend and I thought the apartment was perfect!  The place is large, private, bright, beautiful and very clean.    Christine and James were very friendly and helpful.  For the most part they gave us complete privacy, but were easy to get ahold of if we needed anything.  The neighbourhood is fantastic and cross city transit is close by.  We couldnt have been more pleased!    Would stay again and again and again.  Thanks for having us! Great experience all around---the apartment was clean, comfortable for two, and well located in a cute part of Brooklyn. Christine was a great host and super responsive with all of my questions!   James and Christine were a breeze to work with and made the visit as hassle-free as possible. Their place is lovely, clean and on a quiet street very convenient to transit and a variety of dining options. Would definitely visit again. We had a wonderful time in Brooklyn. Christine and James home is charming. It was spacious and the contemporary. The apartment was very well cared for and very clean.  I loved the mix of old and new. The location was so perfect. There are markets and restaurants within walking distance. We were able to walk everywhere.  Definitely will be staying there again. My boyfriend and I had a wonderful time staying at this adorable home in Clinton Hill.  The house was very clean and had great aesthetic. It was in walking distance to many cute shops and cafés and a quick walk to the train and/or bus.  Christine was a great host who answered any and all of my questions very quickly and efficiently.  Would definitely stay here again!!!  Christine and James place in Clinton Hill was great! Not to far from the G train and near lots of great places to eat and drink. Their place is very clean and has everything you could need. Christine was available whenever I texted with a question and very helpful. I would stay there again and highly recommend it to anyone who wants to stay in Brooklyn.  My boyfriend and I spent a week at James and Christines place. The apartment was clean, well-equipped and beautifully designed. It was really great coming back to this comfortable place every night after 12 hours of sightseeing in the city. Christine was easily available and very helpful. The location is not the best - to get to Manhattan it is either a 1 km walk to the Washington Street subway station, or a short bus ride (bus no. B54) from Myrtle Avenue to the Jay Street station. We usually opted for the bus. Getting back from Manhattan to the apartment at night can take up to 50 minutes (subway + bus). Other than that, we were very pleased with the place and would definitely recommend it. We had a great 4 night stay at Christine & James apartment in Brooklyn. The apartment was a nice home from home with all the necessary amenities you could need. The apartment is also well decorated and maintained to a decent standard. Although we didnt get the chance to meet Christine or James, Christine was always contactable and available whenever we needed her. Our check in was much later (1130pm) than anticipated and was a breeze. Many Thanks to Christine & James for making our stay in NYC one we wont forget :) We had a more than pleasant stay at Christine and James place where we stayed for two weeks. The apartment was exactly as in the pictures, cosy and perfectly equipped. The bed was comfortable and the whirlpool tub very relaxing after a long day of walking through the city. As mentioned, the subway was only a 5 minute walk and gave a good connection between Brooklyn and Manhattan. We especially loved the neighborhood with its beautiful brownstone houses and all of its great restaurants. As for Christine and James, they were very nice and helpful and at all times available. It is definitely a great place to stay if you are visiting New York!    The place is fantastic! The pictures accurately depict the space. It is an adorable little brownstone option in a great neighborhood in Brooklyn.  The bed is very comfortable and the apt very spacious. We had no problems getting around from that location and enjoyed all the great restos and bars close-by.    Aside from a slight administrative issue I experienced at the beginning of the booking, the rest of the correspondence between the host and I went very smoothly. The place was easy to find and Christine kept in touch throughout to ensure the stay was pleasurable.    The one thing I would caution incoming guests is that the place is not equipped with shampoo/conditioner/body wash or even a blow dryer. That may not matter to you, but if it does, make sure to bring your own! Het appartement is geweldig. Het heeft alles wat je nodig hebt tijdens een comfortabel verblijf in New York. Van een biertje in de grote koelkast tot slippers en dikke handdoeken. Shampoo en tandpasta kun je thuislaten! Alles was schoon, en we voelden ons er erg thuis. Het komt precies overeen met de fotos.  We hebben brooklyn en Manhattan op de Citibike verkend, en er stond een fietsstation in de buurt! Naast een grote biologische supermarkt, erg handig.  We hebben James en Christine niet ontmoet, maar dat was voor ons geen enkel probleem. Christine bleef tijdens ons verblijf voortdurend in contact en was gemakkelijk bereikbaar via Airbus. Ze heeft ook onze rit naar het vliegveld voor ons geregeld.  Het enige minpuntje is het verkeer, wat mij s ochtends nog wel ns wakker maakte.  Zeker een aanrader! I really enjoyed my stay in Christine and Jamess apartment. It is super roomy, clean, and uncluttered. I dont even think I used the downstairs, other than to kick my shoes off at the end of a long day. The neighborhood is great. One can experience many different faces of New York by meandering in different directions. Just down the street there are some nice little restaurants (Japanese, Lebanese, American, etc), as well as the obligatory pizza place. The ""G"" is pretty close and from there, one can start exploring parts of Brooklyn most will never see. access to Manhattan is pretty easy. Christine and James went out of their way to make me feel welcome. They made sure I was O.K. from time to time and were flexible with my airline schedule. Next time Im in New York, Ill try and stay here again. I rented Christine & James beautiful apartment for my in-laws who were visiting us for a long weekend (we live in the neighborhood).  Everything was perfect and exactly as listed.  It is stylish, comfortable and convenient to the best Clinton Hill/ Fort Greene spots.  Will be filing this one away for future visitors.  Thanks C&J. This apartment and Christine and James are really gorgeous.   The apartment was very clean, warm and comfortable. Decorated with a cool mixture of different pictures as well as very good accessoires and interior. The kitchen was fully equipped and we missed nothing at all. We spend a beautiful week there and also the conversation with Christine was very easy, nice and courteous.  I am sure, that we would be glad to stay at this apartment again.  Thank you very very much, lovely Christine.    All the best. Hope to see you soon. Laura. This place is absolutely divine!  Every detail was immaculate and the place was spotless when I arrived. Really the only thing that didnt make my experience perfect was the street noise,  but its nothing that cant be solved with earplugs. The hosts were very accommodating and made sure to check in to see if I was warm enough throughout my stay.  I have already recommended the place to friends and hope to stay again soon! Ive stayed at many Airbnbs in Brooklyn, but this was by far, the best. It was really easy to get the keys (lock box) and also check out. The duplex really IS like a house, which means, when you open the door, youre right outside (no elevators, no stairs, no fiddling with doors and multiple keys), theres very minimal noise from neighbors (usually in other places you can hear them stomping around, its just the nature of older apartments in BK), and you cant beat the location! Although Washington Ave is a major street, its very quiet.    Also, the home is absolutely lovely. It was hotel-style clean, comfortable, and I regret not having time to use the jet spa in the bathroom. Also, water pressure in the shower was excellent, and you dont have to wait 15 mins for hot water to come out. ;-)    And... theres a TV with cable! (Sadly, many Brooklynites dont have either.)    I would stay here again. This was by far, the best place in Bk, and I come every month for work.  I loved the no-fuss check-in/check-out process. The apartment was as pictured and very clean. Things we really appreciated were: the comfortable bed, the simple white slippers in the closet, the high-quality towels, and the gigantic flat screen TV. My husband enjoyed the jet bathtub (I unfortunately didnt get a chance to!)  The area seemed pretty cool, although I cant comment specifically because we were pretty busy with wedding activities in other areas. Downtown Brooklyn and the Brooklyn Museum were about a half hour walk. Christine quickly provided restaurant recommendations in the area when I emailed her to ask.   My only suggestions are to store an iron and ironing board in the kitchen closet and perhaps have a coffee maker. There was a small espresso maker, but I wasnt quite sure how to use it so avoided it - although Im sure I would have figured it out if I wasnt being lazy. ;)  Long story short - we would definitely stay there again!  This space is exactly as the photos show. Its a gorgeous little spot in a convenient location. Very lovely, inviting, and comfortable. The bed was perfect and was tempting to stay in all day to keep out of the cold. Check-in/out is very easy, and Christine was very prompt in responding to queries. Will definitely look to stay with Christine & James the next time Im in NYC.  The apartment is lovely and sticks to the pictures on the photos. The area around is nice and quiet but with many restaurants and bars to go out a few blocks away. We didnt have the chance to meet our hosts but they always answered our questions and demands quickly and positively! We stayed in NY for 2 weeks and wed do it again the same way if we could! Staying at Christine and James duplex was simply amazing! The apartment presents itself exactly as it does on the photos, it is cozy, stylish, spacious (remember, this is New York!), and functional.    The neighbourhood is flooded with great restaurants and bars, of which Christine and James can provide recommendations for the best of them, and the supermarket literally just down the street has everything you need.    The area isnt noisy per se, but New York can be noisy city, so Christine leaves earplugs in the apartment, but bringing your own wont hurt. Oh, and the bed is absolutely wonderful, long, big, very comfy, and even has a duvet!     Travel time to Downtown Brooklyn is only a few minutes, and to Manhattan is perhaps 30 minutes, and it is really easy to get there by subway. Perfect place to stay for your New York City and Brooklyn experience. My husband and I were so pleased to spend our holidays at Christine and Jamess little house! The adress was very easy to find and they have a great system to get the keys without meeting the owners. We actually didnt meet Christine and James but they left us a note and earplugs if needed which was super cute. Everything was well arranged, the decoration is super nice, the bed and pillows are very comfortable. The area is very cool, not far from the subway station and cool restaurants and bars.  Christine is  absolutely adorable, easily reachable.We wrote each other a few emails back and fourth, everything was made for us to spend the best weekend from A to Z. Thank you so much! A well presented, clean apartment; exactly as the listing described.  The location was perfect for us - close to shops and restaurants and just a 10 or 15 minute walk to the G or C trains.  Christine and James were very helpful in getting settled and again on checking out.  The traffic noise takes a bit of getting used to (ear plugs are offerred), but we would definitely recommend to others looking for a convenient spot in Brooklyn. This beautiful space feels like an oasis in bustling Brooklyn. Its airy and filled with natural light, and lends a sense of calm. Communications with Christine were clear and cordial, and she made the logistics very easy. Contrary to some of the other reviews, I found it rather quiet; no problem with street noise. Unusually comfortable bed! I would return here.  We were very pleased to spend a week at James and Christine’s place. We arrived very easily at the address and we get the key that was left in a lockbox. Christine and James were very nice and helpful during our stay. When the weather got hot, Christine offered us to install air conditioner, which was a very kind attention. Everything was well-decorated and clean. The area is cool, and less noisy than Manhattan, so this is perfect to get some rest after a long day walk. We can either get the G or C subway lines: the first one is at 10 min walk and the second at 15 min. We absolutely recommend this place! Christine and James, thank you so much for everything!  We had a great time at this lovely two-level home. Super comfy bed, professionally cleaned, very stylish. Short walk to trendy Fort Greene. Super easy to check in and out due to the secure lock box outside which houses the keys. (The only super super minor note was there was no wine bottle opener, though there were all the other usual utensils and cooking instruments, so I had to nip out and buy one to have a glass of wine with dinner. We left it behind though so now this place will be 100% versus 99.9%!) This was my first Airbnb experience and it couldnt have been better. I didnt meet Christine in person, but she was super responsive to my messages and getting the key was easy as pie. The space exceeded my expectations: so clean and comfortable, I slept like a baby. Not to mention their keen eyes for design: vintage, midcentury furniture, well-placed artwork, elegant colors... I could go on and on. I was in town for a work conference, and though it was in Midtown, Brooklyn provided the perfect respite, with a super easy train ride into the city each morning (30-40 minutes tops, walking included). I will 100% stay here again and have already recommended it to a number of friends. Everything was great. I would definitely recommend this place. Christine was very nice and accommodating.    Classy, minimal spot in a cute neighborhood. We had everything we needed and really felt like we had somewhere welcoming to come home to at the end of the day. Beautiful furniture and very open and light. I would recommend this spot in a heartbeat.  We did not get to meet Christine & James in person but we were in touch via email/text. They were very easy to communicate and so attentive; Christine checked in on us a few times throughout our stay. We had a small hiccup with Wifi and these guys problem-solved it in a day! Their place was simply fantastic! It was functional but adorable, convenient and comfortable. There were days we just wanted to ""come home"" and hang out in the neighborhood which has loads of things to do, places to go eat. True Clinton Hill experience! Listing was exactly as pictured and described! Beautiful, well furnished, great neighborhood, easy entry. Would definitely stay again. This was our first time in Brooklyn and the accommodation provide by Christine and James was perfect for us.Their attention to detail and the wonderful decor meant we had somewhere that genuinely met all our needs and when we returned exhausted from our adventures it was a beautifully relaxing environment. Christine and James were helpful and welcoming, wed love to come back here the next time were in New York. The space is exactly as advertised. Its such a wonderful little apartment! Christine was very hospitable and made sure I got into the apartment just fine. The towels are pretty amazing by the way, the bed super comfy, and the kitchen was just right to cook basic meals. The neighborhood is truly a gem, if you like coffee be sure to make your way to WTF coffee lab! Im hoping to stay here again! John and Christine stayed in touch offering assistance if I needed anything. They answered my texts right away. The key was ready when I arrived. The house was beautiful and clean. The bedroom and bed were very comfortable.  I love the neighborhood. It is very convenient to Pratt Institute and the subway.  They are both about a five minute walk. There are plenty of cabs available if needed. There are a lot of things to do in Brooklyn but we also took subway to Manhattan very easily. The neighbors seem friendly. There are good restaurants within a couple blocks. You can rent City Bikes in the neighborhood. If I come back to visit my son at school I would love to stay again.  In a nutshell: It was awesome!   The apartment is lovely decorated and offers everything you need.   Its perfect to cool down after a busy day in ""Downtown"". The extra cosy bed let you forget your hurting food from all the sightseeing :-)     Christine response super quickly to all our questions, always had a helping hand and fantastic tips where to go to dinner nearby.     The neighborhood is cool with lots of nice places to eat or to have a drink. Grocery stores are just around the corner. We feel very comfortable.     The connection to Manhattan is good, G line only a few minutes away.     This was our first trip to NY and we are sure: We will come back!   And we would definitely stay here again. Fully recommend this place.      Christine and James were great! They live very near the apartment and were more than willing to provide anything we might need during our stay. They provided fresh coffee, local beer, and a super helpful guide to the great offerings in the neighborhood. Check in / out was easier than most AirBnB experiences I have had (they have a very convenient lock box system) and the apartment was everything we expected and more! I will definitely book this space for the next time my family comes into town. Thanks Christine and James! We had a fantastic stay in this accommodation! It was in a great location with subway stations nearby and the neighbourhood was lovely and definitely worth experiencing a more chilled area in Brooklyn, after staying in the Midtown area of New York for a few nights! We really liked the Clinton Hill & Fort Greene areas and Christine and James have some super recommendations for cafes and restaurants in their guide which are all within walking distance (WTF, Pecks, Brooklyn Roasting Company  and Lulu & Pos are a must to visit!) The apartment had everything we needed, the bed was comfy and we slept well and the air con unit was definitely needed so it was good to have! Communication with Christine was great from the outset and she was always prompt responding and offered any help and advice, check in and check out was also hassle free! We would definitely recommend this accommodation and area!  Great location, everything was just as described. I would absolutely love to stay here again. The hosts were so accommodating and the place is perfect! I booked Christine & James apartment for my in-laws to have a local experience in our neighborhood during their stay in New York. I stopped by to grab the keys and drop off some groceries prior to their arrival, and just about died from apartment envy. This place is incredible! Quaint, clean, decorated to perfection! They absolutely loved their stay and raved about how comfy the bed was.    Their flight home wasnt until the evening and Christine was very gracious and accommodated them with late check out. I will definitely be recommending this place to anyone else who visits us! We had a fantastic stay in this spacious designer Brooklyn apartment. Close to the city and transport, we felt like locals by the end of our stay. Christine and James were thoughtful and accommodating hosts and we would love to return sometime soon.  Great place to stay, enjoyed that we had a home away from home while in NY.  Especially appreciated the tips re places to eat, Laundromats, airport transfers etc, we would definitely stay again.  Thanks Christine and James for being great hosts. Really nicely furnished apartment! I loved the decor and all the pictures and items in the apartment. Clean, well-equipped with anything you would need. Bed was comfy with warm blankets. The neighborhood is a close walk to the vanderbilt avenue with hot spots to eat, and also a walkable distance from the brooklyn botanical garden which I loved. Easy commute to Manhattan and also close to Williamsburg. Loved the place. Would definitely stay again when back in NYC! Great communication.  The place exceeded our expectations and was conveniently located.  We appreciated a lot of the little touches.  We would definitely stay again on our next visit. Everything was just as pictured, well-equipped kitchen. The hosts have great style. The neighborhood is so charming - brownstones, wonderful restaurants, convenient to Manhattan. Christine and James made sure everything went off without a hitch. They were responsive and made check in simple. What a beautiful home.  Tastefully furnished.  Beautiful, thoughtful touches.  Private and quiet and in lovely neighborhood. Christine was wonderfully attentive, and made me feel well taken care of. I hope to always stay here when I come to the city! Cet appartement est parfait. Exactement comme sur les photos, et même plus spacieux quil en a lair.  La litterie est très confortable et le linge de toilette de qualitée. La baignore à bulle fonctionne et cest très agréable après de grosses journées de visite.  Lappartement est bien chauffé et bien isolé : il y fait bon et on nentend ni les voisins, ni le trafic de la rue.  Cest un quartier relativement calme, mais nous restons à NY et évidement on entend les sirènes de pompiers et de la police lorsquils passent dans la rue. Rien de derrangeant.   On se sent vraiment très bien dans cette appartement et cest un plaisir de retrouver lappartement après une grosse journée dans Manhattan. Nous navions pas envie de partir!  Christine est très disponnible, elle répond rapidement aux messages et répond très bien à nos questions.  Elle est aussi arrangeante pour le check out.   Lappartement est située à maximum 10 minutes de marche dune station de métro (Ligne G) qui fonctionne 24h/24h! Très pratique.  Le transfert vers le coeur de Manhattan se fait en environ 30 minutes.   Je recommande vivement cet appartement, il ny a pour moi, rien à redire.   Encore merci à Christine pour sa disponnibilité.  Christine & James place is just perfect! Christine was always super responsive from the booking request process to questions about transport or the odd question throughout the duration of our holiday. Even though we have never met Christine in person we can say she is very organized and accommodating and made our stay in New York easy and smooth.  The house was spotless and looked exactly like the pictures. To get from Christine & James place to Manhattan took roughly 20 mins on the subway, which was pretty good. We also tried a few of their suggested places such us Lulu & Po (the deep fried Brussels sprouts are to die for), Aita (lovely brunch), Brooklyn Roasting Company (yummy doughnuts). We had an amazing time in New York and were sad to leave. I highly recommend this place to anyone who wants to visit New York. I’d love to stay here again. What a great space! The apartment was exactly the same in the pictures, clean and had everything we needed.  Christine was really responsive as well.   With the subway only a short walk and restaurants, bars and coffee located only a block or so onwards this was a great location for us while visiting family. Sometimes an Airbnb home get it just right- beautiful home, great space, fun neighborhood. Christine and James home is just that, beautifully designed in cool Fort Green Brooklyn. I loved being there.   I saw James only briefly but communication with both was easy and helpful when needed. Id stay there again in a heart beat.    I loved staying at Christine and James wonderful apartment.  It was very close to where my daughter lives, so it was perfect.  Christine always provided me with excellent communication and was very quick to answer any questions before, during, and after my trip...even simple questions like what I was doing wrong with the T.V. remote. She checked in with me every day or two to see if I needed anything at all.  I only met Christine and James once briefly near the end of my stay, but I couldnt have asked for better hosts.    The apartment is exactly as pictured.  I especially loved the bedroom with its high ceilings, chandelier, windows, and awesome television.  The whirlpool tub was a delight to come home to after a busy day of walking and exploring Brooklyn and Manhattan.    It was easy to get around Brooklyn or into Manhattan. There are several bus stops close by, and an easy 5-10 minute walk to the subway.  There are many good restaurants within walking distance, and I never felt unsafe in the neighborhood.  I loved walking on the tree-lined streets with the brownstones.    I would definitely recommend this place, and I would love to stay here again! I loved this airbnb so much I didnt want to leave! It looks exactly like the pictures, meaning completely beautiful! The bed was very comfortable and the jetted tub was great. The location was fantastic. The street is very charming and close to a great grocery store and a subway station. Its just a quick uber ride into the city. Checking in and out was very easy. Christine and James were wonderful hosts. I would definitely stay here again on future trips to New York!  Very good experience, both in the accuracy and comfort of the place and the helpfulness and attentiveness of the hosts.  Loved this small apartment in Brooklyn. It is exactly as shown in pictures. Really appreciated the quality of bed, towels, shampoos, coffee etc etc. I would stay here again for sure.  This has to be one of the best listings Ive ever stayed in.  Christine and James were extremely great at communicating prior to and during my stay.  The location is ideal, near a ton of amazing restaurants and shopping and central to transportation and many other areas of BK. The listing itself is gorgeous -- beautifully decorated, light, spacious, etc.  However it was really the little details that made this listing + experience stand out.  Everything from providing slippers and Aesop bath products, to checking in on me when the cable unexpectedly went out... Christine and James were simply amazing hosts.    This was my second time staying here and it was just as wonderful as the first. Stylish and clean digs; communicating with Christine was a breeze; and great location - neighborhood has lots of good food and coffee and the Subway is super close to get anywhere else. Look forward to returning again soon. Perfectly situated, coffee shops, parks, restaurants galore. Absolutely perfect neighborhood. The loft bedroom is wonderfully private. Overall super comfortable and relaxing.  Everything was fantastic here, with several check ins from the host to make sure. Highlights were a Whirl pool tub and a memorable craft beer left in the fridge as a welcome. Recommended for sure.  This cozy brownstone was as listed, and very comfortable. Christine and James kept in touch, let me know about the neighborhood, easy to reach. My son lives near by, and said hed be recommending it to neighbors who have company coming. I love it! Perfect in everey way. Christine was most welcoming.  The area was just where we needed to be, and the duplex charming and very clean. The space is just as pictured, very welcoming.  Booking was a breeze and hosts were not intrusive. I briefly met James by chance and he was extremely warm and helpful.  Die Wohnung war wie beschrieben eingerichtet und sehr sauber. Die Matratze ist sehr bequem und nicht zu weich gewesen. Wir würden jederzeit wieder die Wohnung buchen. Great little airbnb. Bed was comfortable, the place is super stylish and cute, and there were tons of amenities left for us to make the stay comfortable. Would stay again!  Great place and very cozy. Beautiful neighborhood with restaurants and supermarket just around the corner. Super clean. Totally recommended.  We stayed for just over two weeks at this wonderful place and it was perfect. The bed was incredibly comfortable which was much needed after busy days sightseeing. The local area was easy and we checked out quite a few of the places Christine had mentioned. The subway was tricky to understand but after a couple of days we had quite a good idea and loved the experience. The apartment has enough hanging space for a stay and the space in the dresser was ideal. Christine messaged us a number of times to make sure we were comfortable and had what we needed. I had asked for a recommendation for a massage after a 30hr transit and she kindly provided a great recommendation. We would definitely recommend this  airbnb to people looking for a place outside the hustle and bustle of Manhattan to experience some authentic New York with the ability to sight see all over the city. To cap it off we got engaged while we were on this holiday!!!! Christine and James are impeccable hosts with a truly stunning apartment.  I stayed there for 2 months with work and I couldnt have asked for a more comfortable and enjoyable stay. The apartment interior is done to perfection and Christine and James were on hand for anything I needed.  Amenities are a very short walk away with lovely restaurants, cafes and shops on Myrtle Avenue.  I genuinely cant recommend this place enough and cant wait to return in 2017. Christine & James apartment is beautiful, very clean, and they were so accommodating! I highly recommend this place. This is great apartment, exactly as described.  Very comfortable and clean.  Christine & James were excellent hosts and excellent at communicating.  I would stay again - and recommend it to others. Our stay here was great! We were within walking distance to everything we needed. Christine and James were very communicative and made sure we had everything we needed. This is a very beautiful and artfully decorated place with a nice relaxing vibe. It is a two level duplex that is bright, clean, and perfectly located in the heart of Clinton Hill. It is within walking distance to the subway and plenty of restaurants. And if you like to stay in, which you will want to do in this amazing place, there is a nice grocery store only a short block away. My husband and I were visiting our daughter who is a student at Pratt which is only a few blocks away so the location was perfect for our needs. Communication with Christine & James prior to and during our stay was perfect. They were very kind and accommodating and even had the place ready for us prior to the usual check in time.  I cant say enough good things about both the place and the hosts other than to recommend their duplex to others. I know we certainly intend to return. We had a great 6 night stay at Christine & Jamess place. We got into Brooklyn later than expected but were relieved at how easy and flawless the check in process was. The duplex was accurately represented in the photos and just as cozy as expected. It had all the essentials that you would need for a week stay.  Clinton hill neighborhood was great. There were so many great restaurants, coffee spots, groceries and bars within walking distance that made the stay even more enjoyable. We loved the comfy bed and sheets. Christine was very nice and helpful to communicate with. We definitly would stay again and would recommend to anyone wanting to stay in Brooklyn on business or fun.  This is a fantastic find! I ended up staying here after a disastrous Airbnb booking that I had to abruptly cancel. I had to find a new place quickly because I was in Brooklyn for 2 weeks on an NEH grant for a teacher program. I was grateful to Christine and James of accommodate a super last-minute booking and a quick turn around from a previous boarder. The pictures are 100% accurate--the apartment is beautifully decorated and located a block away from several restaurants and shops and two conveniently located grocery stores. I was able to walk to my program near BAM every morning, which took about 20 minutes, and I was also able to take buses and the subway around Brooklyn and into Manhattan. I found using the buses to be particularly convenient. It was July and I was worried about the bedroom being located upstairs, but it stayed surprisingly cool on really hot days and the window A/C unit was effective in terms of making it a comfortable space when inside. Even with everything to do in New York, I ended up looking forward to getting back after a long session and just vegging out watching TV in a comfortable space. I would stay here again without reservation. Loved Christine and James cute apartment in a brownstone in the heart of Clinton Hill. Its just as the photos looked, and we had a very comfortable four-night stay while in town for a recent wedding. There are plenty of restaurants and bodegas on the main avenue just a block up, and its an easy 10- to 15-minute Lyft ride to most of the other Brooklyn neighborhoods like Williamsburg, Greenpoint and Bushwick. We took the subway, which was about a 20-minute walk away over closer to Prospect Park, into Manhattan once, but mostly stuck around Brooklyn. Their apartment is the perfect place to laze about, and by New York standards, its quite large. Christine wrote back immediately anytime I had a question. Id highly recommend this place for anyone looking to go to Brooklyn! Christine and Jamess place is just beautiful!  Its a great size for 1-2 guests and as a solo traveller it suited me perfectly.   They have paid careful attention to detail. The art in the rooms and coffee table books are all either practical (city guides) or new and modern art books. The extra touches of slippers in the upstairs closet and super, super soft sheets in the very comfy bed were simply icing on the cake. Christine was quick to respond to my queries and my stay was lovely. The place is very central being walking distance from 2 subways and a bus line that goes up Flushing avenue. To top it off youre close to shops, cafes and bars in a nice little neighbourhood plus it only took me 25mins to walk to Brooklyn bridge and 40mins on a train to Coney Island. Would definitely stay here again! Christine & James place is beautifully decorated, comfortable and clean. It is also conveniently located 15 minutes walk from several subway lines in great neighbourhood with a supermarket round the corner and plenty of cool places to eat. Christine and James were very communicative and answered all my questions promptly. Highly recommend this place and would definitely stay here again! A wonderful apartment close to Myrtle Avenue in Brooklyn. We loved coming back here after a long day exploring the city. The bed is no doubt one of the comfiest we have ever stayed in and was an absolute highlight of the apartment.  Clinton/Washington Av station is just a short walk away where we often connected to the A line at Hoyt for a quick and easy commute into Manhattan. DeKalb av station is also not far for other train connections.  We ate locally on a couple of nights and enjoyed restaurants on Myrtle Av as well as in Williamsburg and Dumbo. Christine & James are great with communication and the check-in process was seamless. They are happy to provide you with any extra info you may want.  We highly recommend this apartment and would love to return in a few years. Thank you Christine & James! Beautifully decorated. Very comfortable bed! Easy check-in and out.  Lots of good restaurants and drinking establishments nearby. Beautiful home and great location. Definitely a home that feels good to come back to after a long day out in the city. Very responsive hosts as well; I forgot that check in was at 3 PM even though my flight arrived around 11 AM and really didn’t wanna have to carry my luggage around till 3 PM but thankfully the hosts accommodated and allowed an earlier check in which super helpful. Very happy about this stay. This is a lovely apartment. It has everything you need, key pick up was easy and the apartment is really cute! Enjoyed my stay here. Great place to stay! Very thoughtful and communicative hosts who respond quickly and help in anyway they can. Christine responded quickly to our communications and was very sweet. James even came over during a snowfall to shovel the walkway just for us. Very stylish and cozy accommodations. Highly recommend!"	1
85	Our family absolutely loved this place! It fit our needs perfectly and it was so great that we all had our own bathrooms. The home was extremely clean and new and the owner has nearly thought of every convenience for their renters there. The communication was not always very prompt but, I understand the owner was out of the country and had limited access to internet so, do not worry. The host in NYC was helpful and always replied to us. The location was GREAT! We will definitely go back again if available.  The host canceled this reservation 8 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The house looks exactly like the picture. Each room has shower & toilet room, which was very convenient. We stayed in her house for business trips. The location of the house was not important because our team was not for sightseeing purposes. However, this location is convenient to the airport or to Brooklyn. This house is managed by a company other (It seems like), so it is difficult to contact the host directly. It was uncomfortable because we had to contact people on the day we arrived. (You should ask how to open the door before your trip) Last, Internet dosent work in the room...............I used my laptop in my room to work but I had to use a personal hotspot because the internet was too weak and hardly workable. Overall good. This place was exactly what we hoped for. It has awesome location for exploring manhattan, really enjoyed our time there. Na Very steep two flights of stairs.  Unsuitable for pets despite advertisement as pet friendly.  Impossible to park within a block.  Very dirty windows so no view.  Stinking piles of trash directly outside the door of the apartment itself.  Non-working tvs and showers that could not be operated.  No instructions and no communication after arrival.  Other than that - just as advertised! The host canceled this reservation 334 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	0
86	Loved staying here, very welcoming:) Excellent host. Made us feel very welcome ! As described, big room and pricate bathroom and Im happy with that. The heater was strong, good for people who are afraid of cold. Near to subway R, about 7 mins walk so it was fine for me.  Vaspur was nice, he helped me to carry my heavy luggage up and down the stairs, that was really helpful. I appreciate that. This is a big pvt room with comfortable bed, pvt bathroom with soap, shampoo, conditioner, toothpaste provided, and radiator heating that REALLY works. The host is cool and helpful. 10 min drive from the airport. Great place for anyone who can climb a flight of stairs! It is exactly as advertised which was perfect for me.	1
87	The studio is very spacious, clean and comfortable, located in a nice, friendly neighborhood. It is easy to get from there to all parts of New York, since Union Square is only a five minute walk away. Stephanies instructions were detailed and helpful. She was always in contact with us, ready to answer our questions and give us additional advice.  Stephanie was very welcoming. Although we did not meet in person she was warm and responsive to all my questions prior to the trip and during my stay. She even mailed a forgotten item to me. The apartment was cozy and had every amenity available. I went to NY for a class and chose this rental due to having a real desk. Gramercy Park is a beautiful neighborhood with a lot of local people so you can experience a true New York lifestyle. All in all its a perfect place for 1-2 people in a great area. I highly recommend Stephanies apartment. Clean, quiet and great location for exploring Union Square/Grammercy/East Village.  After some initial confusion with doorman, Stephanie responded immediately and the doormen were very helpful and even held my bags while the apartment was being cleaned. Will definitely consider again on my next trip to my native city.  Stephanie is a wonderful host. Quick communication made setting up accommodations a breeze.    The loft itself is great—clean, nicely decorated, and in the perfect location. Couldnt ask for more. A wonderful place to discover Manhattan.  It was a wonderful stay! Very clean and perfect location.  Its great apartment in really good location. I rent this studio for my mom and little brother and they felt there very comfortable. The studio has a lot of light and feels spacious, TV has a lot of channels, movies, cartoons (which was really good for my little brother, he was happy watch it). Area is really safe (I know from my own experience, cause I live across the road) and even if its really close to the center and all subway stations, its still nice and quiet.  Host Stephanie organized everything really well. Thank you!!! This was a perfect place for our quick visit to NYC. The apartment was exactly as pictured. It was very comfortable and had all the amenities we needed including a small kitchen stocked with coffee and other snacks and a bathroom stocked with shampoo and conditioner, ect. The location was PERFECT! We loved walking around and exploring the restaurants and parks in the vicinity. I even went for a run down to the East River  and enjoyed the views. Couldnt recommend this place enough, Stephanie was very responsive and made sure our check in was easy even though we got in late. She even checked on us the next day. Make this your next home away from home, be sure to check out Sunburst Cafe and Posto while youre there! Reserved Stephanies apartment for my daughter for two plus weeks.  Stephanie was a wonderful host, responding promptly to any questions for beginning to end.  Location was perfect, close to subway.  Safe location and building with doorman a true plus.    Do not hesitate to stay here!  This was our first Airbnb rental, so I was a little nervous that something would go wrong, but it was a smooth process.  Thanks again for the use of your apartment.  Stephanie was always available. Completely satisfied with the entire process.      The location was perfect to enjoy NYC life. It took only 5-7mins to get the subway station from the Stephanies location. The subway (N,Q,R,L,4,5,6) were main subway so I could reach anywhere I would like to go. Also, the her space was very big, spacious and clean. She were very good communicator and tried to give me prompt reply. I and my friend were very satisfied with everything she provided us and if we could visit NYC agin, we would definately stay in her room.   (You can see the empirestate building over the window!)   Thanks!  Logement agréable, très bien situé. Stephanie was a wonderful host! She was available whenever we needed her, and was extremely friendly and easy to work with. The location of the apartment is fantastic! Such an easy walk to Union Square and Gramercy Square, not to mention all the wonderful restaurants and shopping. There was even a beautiful view of The Empire State Building! Thank you, Stephanie! The neighboorhood is cosy and at the same time Union Square is just around the corner. The apartment has a good size. We did not meet Stephanie but she responded to our e-mails fairly quick. The doormen in the building were very friendly and helpful.   It seems like the apartment is only used for rent so it reminds more of a hotelroom than a home.  Unfortunately the apartment wasnt as clean as we had expected - there was very dusty.  But all in all we were happy about our stay and would recommend it for others. This place is a perfect base for discovering New York - and you wake up to views of the State Empire building. It was a home away from home after hitting the streets and museums of New York all day. Union Fare on 17th past Union Square is great, and there is a plethora of tasty bars and restaurants! Friendly dog owning neighbours, washing machines great (once you work out the card system) and uber close to 14th St/Union Square station for 456 and NQRL trains!! We loved it  El estudio es amplio y cómodo, con una cocina completa y grandes armarios. Bastante tranquilo y poco ruidoso, con gran luminosidad: desde las ventanas se ve el Empire State, de noche es un bonito espectáculo. Tuvimos un pequeño problema con la limpieza que Stephanie resolvió de inmediato enviando a la limpiadora. Aunque no llegamos a conocerla personalmente, estuvo pendiente de nosotros en todo momento.  La situación es excelente, junto al Gramercy Park y muy cerca de Union Square. El barrio es muy agradable con numerosos cafés y restaurantes. En definitiva, una opción alternativa al hotel muy positiva. Muy recomendable.  Having great windows on a high floor, with cross-ventilation and a good a.c., is unusual in such a moderately-priced rental.  The bed is very comfortable, and the apartment is clear of the owners possessions, so plenty of hanging room in the closets, surface space and drawers.  A 24-hour doorman is also a luxury.  Stephanie was responsive to all my questions and very easy to reach.  I highly recommend this studio! We loved this place, perfect location for downtown and all of the tourist locations. It felt safe and the apartment was lovely and homely. Stephanie was very helpful and quick to respond if we had a question. Put it this way, I wish it was my apartment!  Stephanie was very helpful with everything and answered immediately. She helped us out with every question and even gave us additional information about the city. The apartment was perfect for our stay and Stephanie an amazing host! Stephanies apartment is a few blocks from Union Square and all that it offers, including the subway.  There are loads of restaurants and bars within a few blocks and its very easy to get anywhere. Theres a doorman in the building at all times, which is helpful when youre traveling at off times, and elevators.  The bed and pillows in the apartment were extraordinarily comfortable and you can see the top of the Empire State Building from the couch and the bed, which was a huge bonus for me.  The shower has an amazing rain showerhead and the towels were big and fluffy.  I was able to hang my clothes in the closet and also to use the drawers.  There are lots of windows so lots of light.  Stephanie was responsive and very amenable.  It was a great experience! Love this apt & what a perfect location! Beautiful views of the Empire State Building, right out of your many windows. Being a corner apt with many windows, the place feels very nice & open. A very comfortable bed. A Beautiful and safe neighborhood.  Easy walk to union square and station to grab a train. But really, the location in Gramercy is an easy walk for all of your cities explorations. In addition, Stephanie was a wonderful host. Easy communication, great advise for fun things to do in the city/local neighborhood and quick to respond. As you can tell, we loved it and would definitely stay again on our next stay!  My boyfriend and I had a great time at Stephanies place! Though we had to take cabs to get to many sightseeing places, Stephanies recommendations for coffee shops and restaurants close to the apartment were wonderful! Quiet places to stay in NYC are hard to come by and this was an awesome hidden gem. I would stay again - just remember to bring myself extra towels for a long stay! The apartment is exactly as described and we couldnt have expected more. Great location, great apartment, great host. Walking distance from Union Sq in the heart of Gramercy. Stephanie may be the best host weve encountered. Great staying. Stephanie is always ready to answer ans give you all the information you might need. The doorman availble 24h/day is super useful to check in whenever you arrive. Stephanie is one of the best hosts Ive ever interacted with on this platform — super responsive, easy to work with when there was a scheduling change, and very professional. Her apartment is spacious and you really feel like youve found a calm place in the crazy city. The bed is comfy, the bathroom is clean (shower has great water pressure), and the kitchen is better than most found in NYC apartments. Highly recommend! Nice apartment, good communication,will stay again Stephanies place was great to stay in, fantastic location in the city, and she was exceptionally easy to communicate with. Stephanie communicated very well me as a new user. There was one item to address upon check in.  She handled thoroughly and quickly.  I would stay again. As a first time visitor to New York I found that this was an ideal location. I loved being able to watch the light show on Empire State building from the apartment Appartement et emplacement parfait  L appartement est grand et bien équipé   Very light and spacious studio. exactly as in pictures. great locations. Faultless. Great place. Amazing location. So close to the subway makes getting around very easy. Just like the picture and super comfortable bed. Can.be a bit noisy at night (like much of NYC) so earplugs could be a good idea. We would definitely stay at Stephs again! Great place with accurate description! We loved the place and the doorman and the coffee shop across the street. Good sized studio with comfy furniture and everything we needed!  We spent 12 days in Stephanies apt. The studio has a good position and the size is perfect but the hygene level is very very bad. We slept our first night in unwashed linens with other peoples hair and an unbearable bad smell. There were dust anywhere. In the fridge the only thing left (as welcome maybe) was a jug of water so dirty to be gray.  In the bathroom the wc was dirty and encrusted. We complained and asked within the first 24 hours to clean the studio. Stephanies response was upsetting. Since we did not report at check in it could not determine who had been dirty!! We asked at least for new sheets and a vacuum cleaner to remove dust clumps but the answer was no! We only received 4 more towels (we had only found 1 for 2 people) The apartment we cleaned it up for. We bought new sheets (sleeping in filthy sheets was horrible) we had to rent a vacuum cleaner to remove dust layers! I think that no one have ever cleaned under the bed. We also asked laundry card several times but Stephanie never responded to it.  Finally we asked for help to friends and did the laundry at their home. In short, a very unhelpful behavior for a host. Maybe our fault was to have a normal and not a cavernous hygienic standard.  For so many years I have never found such an unfriendly host. They will usually help you if there are problems solving them. She ignored us and totally abandoned us. Its a shame why if the apartment was well-managed it might be perfect. I hope youll  be more luck than us Very accurately described was very comfortable and a 5 minute stroll to the subway Union Square Station on 14th Street made travel to all areas a dream! Some very quaint restaurants in the area was fabulous place! Great location, easy to get to, nice sunlit apartment.  Perfect amount of space for two people for a short stay.  Great stay in Gramarcy Park area! Space was clean and was as explained/photoed. We had some initial communication issues but otherwise it was an excellent stay. Would stay with Stephanie again	1
88	All was ok Small but cozy! It was our first time in New York and Anthonys place made us feel like real New Yorkers. Walking distance to near by stores as well as Time Square. Definitely recommend (: The space is very small, if have a very short stay and are only one person, this would be for you. First amazing trip both in airbnb or in New York, the apartment is small but feels good and it is really close to the time square. Nice apartment very centrally located. The conversation with Anthony was very easy and I could always reach him. If you are looking for a nice central place to stay in NYC, I can recommend you Anthonys apartment. Un departamento muy bien ubicado, el edificio es viejo, por ahí el departamento tiene el techo un poco viejo también, pero es lo de menos ya que es muy cómodo, rolanda siempre estuvo a nuestra disposición al igual que anthony! muchas gracias por todo! Excelente ubicación y muy buena atención de Anthony Great location and extremely responsive host.  Really enjoyed my stay! the apartment is very well located, close to shops, restaurants and times square. Its very small, could have a tv and more comfortable chairs. the beds are good, but in the shower drain takes down the water. and the kitchen was with lining in retirement.  Anything that has hindered our stay. Anthony was a great host and he made sure that our stay was enjoyable. Lots of tips on local restaurants and place to go. Loved the location of the apartment and would definitely come again! Found it very dirty: towels had green-brownish stains and were ripped, the floor hadnt been cleaned in weeks, and same issues with cupboards. Even though it can be booked for 4 people, it didnt have utensils or space for so many. The lock was not trustworthy and the bolt jammed several times, making entering and leaving complicated. We had an amazing stay in Anthonys place. Everything was clean, and Rolanda was very nice and helpful. Great location! Very close to Times Square, Central Park, and many restaurants. The place is small, but thats all we needed for our 3 night stay in New York. Everything you need is there. Will be staying there again 100%. I would suggest going to iguanas across the street! Very good food and drinks, and very lively. Thank you Anthony for having us. very good location. we are thrilled with visiting New York Houve um único problema, que foi em relação à limpeza do apartamento. O mesmo não estava devidamente limpo para nos receber. As roupas de cama, por exemplo, apresentavam sujeira. No entanto, a situação foi resolvida no dia seguinte ao check-in, embora certamente deveria ter sido evitada. Sobre o apartamento, embora seja pequeno, é muito confortável e possui o necessário para atender até quatro pessoas. É um apartamento antigo, mas isso não influencia em nada de negativo na hospedagem. A localização é ótima, sendo próximo das principais atrações turísticas de Manhattan, como o Central Park e a Times Square e também das linhas de metrô, facilitando o deslocamento. Quanto ao anfitrião Anthony e sua assistente Rolanda, sempre foram muito dedicados e atenciosos, além de estarem sempre à disposição para atender rapidamente. Em resumo, definitivamente o apartamento de Anthony é recomendável e certamente uma ótima opção para sua hospedagem em Nova York! Obrigado! El apartamento no cumplió en absoluto con lo ofrecido. No pudimos pasar ni una noche en él debido a su estado lamentable. No creo que merezca estar en el portal Airbnb. Menos mal que gracias a Airbnb, conseguimos el reembolso de la estancia. No recomendaría a nadie su alquiler. The place is fantastic. It is located very near to both times square and Central Park. There were tons of great restaurants, shops, and nightlife opportunities nearby. Place was very clean and well decorated Anthony is very communicative and responds within minutes to any inquiries. The check in / out system was great and flexible for my needs. While the linens were clean, the apartment is pretty dated. That said, you get what you pay for. The heating also didn’t work, which you kind of need in New York in January. WiFi was very good. Excelente localização, roupas de cama, toalhas, pratos e talheres de boa qualidade. Anthony atendeu rapidamente as nossas solicitações.  Acredito que ele fará pequenas modificações, com baixo custo, para melhoria do ambiente. Bon emplacement.	0
89	Mickeys townhouse was a superb and cool place to stay in NYC.  The apt looks exactly as in the picture, high ceiling, with cool decor and fully equipped kitchen.  The location is very convenient where you can experience life in manhattan, a nice walk to Union Square where most trains stop.      Mickey is such a nice host, a bottle of wine and souvenir were awaiting us when we checked in.  He literally wrote a 4-page information/tips for us to orient us with the apt and neighborhood.      Thanks Mickey, we enjoyed your apt so much, thanks for being such a nice host.  We will definitely stay at your place again in our next NYC trip! If you want to live the NYC life and feel the vibe of the city that never stops this is the place to stay! Very safe area. Many many ethnic restaurants and coffee shops. People are friendly. A real neighborhood. We had walked a few blocks to Whole Foods one evening and just a few blocks away was the Empire State and Chrysler buildings all lite up and so beautiful. Soho and Strands bookstore and several parks close by. We walked everywhere and only took a cab to and from the airport. Mickeys apartment very very nice and just as described! We had everything we needed and more! Lappartement est tout à fait conforme à la description. Bien que situé en Rez de chaussée et sur la rue il est calme et le matin on entend les oiseaux côté chambre (cour, jardin). Le quartier est très bien (sûre, animé, idéalement situé à Manhattan), à deux pas des métros et dune quantité de restaurants de grande qualité. Mickey est un hôte attentif et prévenant. Nous recommandons vivement cette adresse et son hôte. If you are looking for a home away from home in New York City look no further. We found a well appointed spacious walk up town house apartment in a great location, and an incredibly generous and gracious host to boot. Mickey went well above and beyond to make us feel at home, with a bottle of wine and snacks awaiting us after a long day of travel. He also left a detailed letter explaining the neighborhood, great places to eat, the password for the wifi, high end toiletries, luxurious towels and sheets, and an incredibly comfortable bed.  He was promptly available to answer any questions we had through our entire stay, and was so flexible when we had issues with our travel plans. This apartment had everything we needed to cook a luxurious meal at home and an immense library of books to cozy up with during a snow storm. The art collection left us stimulated and the house plants vibrant and healthy further indicative of a healing and positive place to stay in such a busy city. Thank you Mickey!  The reservation was canceled 36 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Had a great stay at the gorgeous Sabah House in the charming East Village! Mickey was a fantastic host, from start to finish. He and his friend greeted me warmly at upon arrival, with a welcome drink and a tour of the house. Before he took off, he left me with a bottle of red wine and a detailed description of the property, things to know about the neighborhood, and nearby attractions. Throughout my stay, Mickey would check in to make sure everything was all right. At one point, when some new neighbors were being a little loud and I informed him about it, Mickey went the extra mile to stop by and gently let them know about their noise level. It was completely unexpected, but very appreciated!! Aside from having an awesome owner/host, Mickeys place was overall an incredible place to stay. The location was very nice, with a number of restaurants, shops, and bars all within walking distance. It is also on the ground floor, opens onto the street, and has its own little terrace--all of which is very rare for Manhattan. Loved every moment I was there and hope to have another chance to stay again!!	1
90	Recommend, nice area and good for big groups.  Ground floor apt, nice yard and kitchen. You need to Uber or walk a distance to get around but worth it. Wonderful place! Wonderful host! Wonderful neighborhood! A railroad apartment that had hair all in the shower and towels from a previous tenant.  A shower then barely like warm water that the host tried to resolve unsuccessfully and we had to use pans of hot water from the sink to suffice.  The Coffee pot wasn’t working but was replaced by the host.  She tired her best but the building doesn’t have hot enough water Julia’s place was very clean, the building was quiet. The beds were firm and comfortable. A bit of a tight fit for 8 people, but definitely doable. Very spacious and open. Perfect for a large group; also plenty of places to sleep. Unique, spacious and flexible flat - beautiful rooms and backyard, super helpful host, clean and minimalistic furnishing, overall highly recommended! Fantastic loft in a nice quiet neighborhood, with all the amenities you need. The host was very responsive and suited all my needs while staying here. Would definitely recommend this place to others looking for a spacious apartment. While the listing was pretty accurate, the hot water did not work in the shower. Also, the landlord and brokers entered the apartment without prior notice and warning: very strange occurrence. The actual apartment space was big enough for 6 people. I would definitely recommend this place for small events and a place to stay! Julia has great communication and is very helpful! Very nice spacious place in Greenpoint. Host was very nice and responded quickly.	0
91	Lily was fantastic and also very helpful! :)   The room was perfect! Clean and confortable.. exactly showed in the pictures.     I loved staying here and definitely would stay again :)    Thanks!! I stayed at this apartment for about two months and it was great! Lily is super good with communicating with you and is a great host - she always asks if you need anything and will gladly recommend places for you to go in the neighborhood.  There are two other girls (so 3 in total) that will be living with you and theyre all really nice and chill. We actually all managed to become friends! If you want to talk to them, theyre friendly and if you choose not to, thats fine too. You dont see them a lot because they always work.   The apartment is pretty large compared to your typical NYC apartment and is nicely decorated. There is a distinct living room + dining room area and kitchen which is nice. The room which I stayed in was a lot bigger and brighter than I thought. I was a little skeptical at first because there wasnt a window but a skylight; however, the skylight is HUGE and it gets a lot of sunlight in (you wont feel claustrophobic). It wasnt a problem at all, in fact it was really cozy. The room has all the necessities you need - large closet with hangers, shelf, bed, blankets, pillows, desk, fan, and chairs.   The neighborhood itself is absolutely lovely. Its at the Morgan Av L train stop. Its in a very safe part of East Williamsburg/Bushwick and I never had a problem walking home past midnight. Its also really quiet there as well, even on the weekends. There are tons of little cafes, coffee shops, and restaurants around there (specifically Bogart Street). The girls in the apartment will always have recommendations for you! There are also different options for grocery shopping.  Overall, great experience staying here and would recommend it to anyone!  The room at Lilys place is perfect to rest your head after a long day of sightseeing or working out in the city. I loved my summer living here, it truly was an oasis- a short subway ride away from the hustle and bustle of the city. The apartment is in prime location, very close to the L train and it takes 20 minutes to get to Manhattan. It is also a 8-minute walk away from the JMZ trains. There are many cute bars and restaurants around the apartment with anything from ramen to pizza- there is definitely something for everyone in this part of Bushwick. The pictures of the room are entirely accurate and though it is on the smaller side, it is very comfortable and has everything you could possibly need! I had the best time staying with Lily and the other ladies in this apartment- they welcomed me as a sister and made me feel right home. I will definitely be staying here again when I am next in New York!! I had a very comfortable stay at Lilys place. The roomies made me feel so welcomed at their house and I had a very great time. The location is perfect, as it is steps away from L stop on Morgan. There are a lot of fun bars, restaurant and great wine stores nearby. I highly recommend staying at this apartment. This apartment is convenient to Manhattan via the L. Lily is a kind person and genuinely wanted me to enjoy my stay. Unfortunately, cleanliness was a huge issue in this home. The bedroom was okay. I cleaned a ton of hair and dust bunnies off the floor upon arrival, though I could’ve moved past that. The kitchen cleanliness was mediocre.   The bathroom, however, was horrible. Every surface was filthy, and it was reminiscent of a frat house. I refused to walk in barefoot, and even showered less than usual because it was so unpleasant. Visible grime, hair, and dirt were all over the sink, tub, floor, and walls. It looked like it hadn’t been cleaned in years. I contacted Airbnb to ask about my options after seeing the issue, and they contacted Lily to give her a chance to clean. She cleaned the toilet bowl and vacuumed the rug, but the rest of the bathroom stayed filthy for the remainder of my stay. She told Airbnb she would clean nightly and hire a professional, but it never happened.   It became clear that our ideas of cleanliness were not aligned, so after almost two weeks, I was forced to move. I couldn’t live in those conditions for the remainder of the month. Airbnb was helpful with mediation and refunded almost the entirety of my stay after they saw photos that they requested of the bathroom.   After moving to a clean and respectful environment, I felt like a new person. It was totally harmless and juvenile, but it’s worth mentioning that Lily’s roommates did attempt some silly intimidation tactics after they learned I was leaving. Lily tried to force me out before checkout time as well. I stuck to the policies and was thrilled to relocate to a home that was clean and respectful of both its environment and its guests.	0
92	Awesome space This space is very cool and in a great neighborhood. It gets lovely light and there are so many good restaurants around if you are having an event. Eduard was generally very helpful with arrangements and amenities in preparation for our wedding. We originally had some troubles when we were double booked with another client and were forced to move our wedding day. However, besides that, it was a good experience. This is a unique, funky space to host events. It’s close to the G line and surrounded by markets and restaurants. Eduard was also extremely helpful in getting us set up. Eduard was incredible! I just recently recorded a podcast here at 988 and the space was immaculate. Amazing hospitality, convenient location, and ultimately the topic of all of my guests conversations! They really loved it, myself included.  Eduard provided a beautifully well-kept creative space that made us all feel comfortable enough to create the magic we did.  I recommend the space to creatives not only in the Brooklyn area, but throughout the greater NYC area. Thanks again Eduard! Eduard has a wonderful space for events, and is a great communicator. He was extremely accommodating and communicative throughout the whole process and our team loved working with him during the event. Guests complimented the space on numerous occasions - we couldnt be happier! Simeon, who works security, is a dream to work with. Thank you Eduard for a wonderful space for our event.	0
93	Nice and cozy and good location for New York. 3 blocks from subway. As the ad stated, it is cozy, everything is on the small side, They all are workable, but, just. Communication with the host was nice and quick. Everything work as expected. We had a nice time. Hello,  the appartment was really as it is described in airbnb (tiny and cosy). For people, like us, who only want a place to sleep and be out all the day, it is perfect.Jane is very kindfull and is very flexible about the hours of checkout and checkin. the appartment is very closed to the metro station and to a bus station on the 2nd/3rd avenue. It is also closed to two supermarkets if you need.  The appartment is at the frontier with east Harlem and the neighboorhood is safe.  the only problem was the salsa club closed to the appartment which only make noise on saturday. Jane was really nice and helpful, we enjoyed the stay at the apartment.  The only couple of things I shall point out is that the the door lock needs to be changed, we were actually stuck out the first time we tried to open the door ourselves as you need to do a particular technique to open the door and Im not very good at it so was quite nervous everytime we opened the door. The neighbours will sing and dance until wee hours into the morning very very loudly on weekends. Other than that I the apartment is as described, cosy.  Janes apartment was a good base for our trip to NYC. It is pretty far uptown, but the subway is cheap and easy to get around Manhattan and Brooklyn. Everything was as described! Jane was not in town when we stayed, but her friends were more than helpful! Janes house is cozy, as she says. We were in two and we had enough room though (we are a couple). The best thing of the apartment is that its located in Manhattan, so we spent as much time as we could in the city; we just went to the apartment to sleep.  There is a bar besides the apartment and the music is quite loud in the weekend... Our solution was to enjoy the NY nightlife and coming back once the bar closed (around 1:30am).  As we went in summer it was quite hot (as the bed is a loft bed) so we had to put the air conditioner in the very warm nights.   Jane wasnt in the city when we stayed there but her friends were nice and available for us.    Its good if you want to pay less than in a hotel and you want the privacy of your apartment.    When we arrived, we found a really cosy little room. The towels and bed sheets were clean. Janes best friend was there to welcome us and show us around.    The neighbourhood is safe. There are multiple grocerie stores nearby and the local restaurants are open till late.  The nearest metro station is a 5 min walk, which was convenient. The metro takes you downtown in 20 mins.    We had a great time. The price/quality was perfect. Everything in the house worked and we had no problems or whatsoever.     Beau petit studio. Proche metro et Central Park. Le strict minimum. Jane a été accueillante et gentille.  Probleme de connexion Internet cependant durant toute la fin du sejour donc desagreable si on a besoin de reserver des choses ou de sorganiser.  Belle immersion !	0
94	"I booked this accommodation for my colleagues at the last minute. Ali was great at accommodating my request. I would have a liked more prompt communication. They reported the house was fine and in a good location  to get to work on 42nd street. Tks for your host! Theres good  and bad news with this property. On the good side it is a spacious four bedroom apartment (master bed with ensuite) close to Central Park and two separate subway rail stations direct to downtown. Eateries, laundry and supermarkets are at the end of the street.  However the lack of cleanliness was very disappointing. The white tiled bathroom floors had ingrained dirt over most of the surface, the shower curtains had large sections of thick black mould on them, the gas cook top and the range hood over the cook top were covered in greasy dirt, and other surfaces looked like they hadnt been cleaned for some time. A pair of dirty mens briefs in a bedroom drawer shows the extent to which cleaning was either ignored before our arrival, or minimal at best. Cupboards contained various broken or useless appliances and items, much like a student share house would have. Items of clothing left by previous tenants were evident. The two smoke alarms were inoperative (covers open and no batteries) which surely is against City bylaws. The bed linen was inadequate, not easily located as it was spread amongst various cupboards and drawers, and some pieces were soiled. The kitchen floor was soiled and mouldy. The bathroom mats were suspicious as they were laid upside down in an effort to hide dirt. There were no instructions on how to deal with kitchen and other garbage.   It is very disappointing to list all these shortcomings as the property presents a fantastic opportunity to have a great base for a family (like us) or group visiting New York City.   If you are considering renting this apartment we recommend you get an absolute assurance from Ali that all of the problems described have been fixed, and the property thoroughly cleaned before your arrival.  Oh, and one of the toilets became blocked and had to be replaced during our term, which perhaps could happen at any time. It was still an inconvenience to us. We were very happy with our stay in Alis Apt. The place was clean and the location was great to conveniently get into most parts of the city.  We had an issue with the fridge/freezer early on which was swiftly resolved with a new appliance swapped in which was great. Ali was a good host and I would recommend this place! Cheers  First of all, our previous reservation (with another host) was cancelled two weeks before the date. In that moment, Ali was very nice and helped us get his place to stay. The positives points are: the apartment has excelent location and Its only one block away from the subway and has several supermarkets and places to eat around. We were a group of 6 friends and the apartment is really confortable for big groups. We didnt have any space problems. The apartment was also recently renovated and looks like a new place. The downside were that it still had some constructions leftovers in the closets and some dust. The Wi-Fi conection that was given to us was also really bad and only worked in the living room.  I believe the negative point are easy repare and I would recommend the place after that. This was my first time using Air bnb. This was a great experience, Ali was a wonderful host. The house was clean and exactly the way it looks. I am happy I was able to stay in his property. The property is in a nice neighborhood, it is close to the train that will get you to Manhattan or any other place you need to in minutes!  We stayed on Alis place for new years. The Apt. was on a great neighborhood, was very close to central park, subways, Groceries, Farmacies, etc. We felt great, it was as described. The only thing is it just had 1 TV in the living room, and as it has 4 bedrooms . Our stay could have been better. One bed in a room fell down, it had really sensitive wood holding the matress, a guy went to look at it and said was coming bad with a new bed. Never came back, someone had to sleep on the couch for 4 nights. Had a plumbing issue and was addressed right away.    Everything else was great, it is a perfect fit for large groups. I stayed with my family at Alis place in the last two weeks of January. The place is big, nice decorated and was quite confortable for 4 people. I  recommended it for families and big groups. Everything was organized and clean and it seems that the apart was recently renewed. There are 4 bedrooms, a kitchen, a living room and two restrooms, which is quite rare to find in Manhattan. The heating system also worked very well. The wifi connection is fast and we can reach it almost everywhere in the place. Theres also a cable TV.    The area is safe and has a subway station just a block away, so its easy and fast to go downtown. Theres a plenty of restaurants, minimarkets and stores around. Since it is located in Morningside Heights, close to the Columbia University, the area is calm and nice.    When we arrived, we noticed that some lightbulbs needed to be changed and that one of the bathtubs was clogged. We made contact with Ali and he solved the problems at the same day.    However, we found some little cockroaches in the bathroom and in the kitchen usually at night or early morning. Also, theres some leftovers and dust in the cupboards. Some places, like under the beds and the restrooms, could be better cleaned, but its fair to say it is a clean place. I think these problems can be easy solved, but need attention.    Ali is a good host and easy to make contact. He showed us the appartment, how to fix the wifi and also the neighborhood (the supermarket, the subway station and a place where we could do laundry). He let us do an early check in. Too bad we couldnt make to a late check out, due to the next guests arrival.    Overall, I liked the place and I would consider returning soon. We stayed during one week and I would recommend to everyone, for 6 adults and 2 children the apartment was big enough for all, just 2 minutes from subway, supermarket and Central Park. With express subway line you can reach Times Square in 10 minutes, but you stay in a quiet street. Ali has been also great, he has been available to make our stay better and allowed us to do a late checkout. The only cons the kitchen is small and there are not enough chairs for all the hosts but we could arrange in the living room, also could have been better cleaned. La ubicación estaba bien, barrio tranquilo y seguro.  The 4 bedrooms are really great for 8 people but the bathrooms are too old and we had issues in both. Sink and tub were clogged and we had to solved by ourselves.  Kitchen is too small and bear just 4 very tight.  Some simple but important things, such as towers or kitchen stuffs were missing.   The apartment looks much larger in the photos than it actually is, but does have 4 bedrooms, 3 of which are very small. Two beds had the old iron frames with old fashioned squeeky springs. There werent any pillow cases on the pillows and the master bed didnt have a bottom sheet. The comforters were old and worn - the one in the photos was simply used to stage it.     Living room area was nice and had plenty of seating as there is an additional couch that is not shown in the photo. There is one TV in the living area but only had Roku. (Didnt bother us much as we were there to see the city, not watch tv).      It definitely should not be advertised as a ""2 bath apartment"" until the plumbing issues are fixed. The toilet in the main bathroom was clogged the entire time we were there despite our requests for it to be fixed. Someone did come and clean it out one day while we were there and it flushed about twice before it was clogged again. Ive noticed this is an ongoing issue from other reviews Ive seen. Unfortunately I thought it would be fixed by the time we stayed there since hed had other complaints about it previously. I couldnt imagine 8 or 10 people trying to share one toilet, which is what youd have to do.    The bathrooms need a good bleaching and a lot of basic things were missing. Main bathroom is tiny and not shown in the pictures. There wasnt a towel bar (looked like it had been ripped out of the wall and never fixed), there was only 1 hand towel for 2 bathrooms and there werent any wash cloths. There werent any shelves of any kind to put anything on, so the only space was around the sink so things were constantly falling onto the floor (that needs a good cleaning). It definitely needs shelf towers and baskets for storage. There was 1 bath towel per person for the length of our stay and no washing facilities.      The kitchen could use a good cleaning as well. There was only 1 old kitchen towel (no dish rags or anything). The kitchen is small but ok, and did have a coffee maker.    Hôte très sympathique et accueillant. Appartement très bien pour une petite famille ou un couple avec enfants pour un court séjour. À signaler juste un problème de chauffage impossible à régler (chauffage dimmeuble très élevé lhiver) et pour les sommeils légers, la rue et le hall dentrée (appartement à rdc) sont un peu bruyants. Le quartier est convenable pour y loger mais pas pour visiter. Lappartement est tout proche de deux stations de métro qui mènent directement au centre ville ce qui est très pratique. A noter que notre hôte ne répondait pas à nos mails qui ont précédé le voyage mais il sest montré présent au rdv.  Very friendly and welcoming host. Apartment very well for a small family or a couple with children for a short stay. Noteworthy just a heating problem with the very high heat in winter, that is common to the building and for light sleepers, the street and the lobby (ground floor apartment) are a bit noisy. The area is suitable for housing but not to visit. The apartment is close to two metro stations that lead directly to the city center which is very convenient. Note that our host did not respond to emails that preceded the trip but he was present at the meeting the first day. Alis place is very spacious and close to all that Harlem has to offer. The four bedroom, two bathroom set up will work well for larger groups.  mattress was almost broken shower head did not work Do not choose this one host could not contact The home was in a good location, very close to Central Park, subway and stores. Host met us at the home on arrival and provided directions and details for trains, events, etc. However, there were a number of issues, such as poor shower drainage, very warm heating (understood to be regulated by the city), and the home was in a slightly different condition than displayed in the photos, which we did not expect given the price paid for the stay. A spacious, well-located place, with a few easy tweaks (maintenance) it could be just spectacular! It is a five star place to choose when your family visit NYC. It is clean and very convenient to shopping or sightseeing. No toilet paper and it could use stand to be freshened up.    Ali place was great and exactly what we were looking for , it is very close to the train , 15 min to Times Square, the neighborhood is safe and lovely.   The apartment is a very big one in NYC standards , 1 large master bedroom and 3 full size bedrooms , 2 bathrooms, exactly what we were looking for.   Ali was communication with and available when we needed him.   Will defiantly stay again Worked great for our needs!  Nice neighborhood! Alis apartment is in a great location, just one block away from Central Park. It is spacious and quite comfortable for families or large groups (two bathrooms and four bedrooms). Ali was quick to communicate with us and made the check-in process very easy. Esperienza pessima. Al nostro arrivo abbiamo trovato altri ospiti poiché L’host ha sbagliato la comunicazione con loro. Abbiamo dormito la prima notte in una casa già usata da altri anche se per poche ore e chiesto le nuove pulizie. Crediamo che le lenzuola siano state solo spostate tra i vari letti. La casa è  molto sporca, trasandata, fredda e piena di spifferi dalle finestre per colpa di climatizzatori vecchi. In un bagno il soffitto è pieno di muffa e anche in una camera da letto ci sono perdite di acqua e muffa. La cucina non ha assolutamente spazio per 10 persone. Mancano sedie e oggetti vari. Molte cose sono rovinate. Non credo che questa casa possa valere i soldi che chiede il proprietario. La zona dove è collocata la casa non è malvagia tranne la stazione della metro che è frequentata da personaggi non proprio raccomandabili, anche il market e la macelleria li terrei a debita distanza. Forse il proprietario dovrebbe fare dei lavori abbastanza urgenti invece di pensare che tanto la può affittare a chiunque. Non avrei pagato neanche la metà del dovuto per un posto così. The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting."	0
95	It was a great staying for me.  Everything is exactly as described and shown. Location is pretty convenient 8 mins walk to #7 subway line. The rooftop view is pretty cool. Will stay again for sure. Fast response when I booked here at the last minute, great host, friendly and rooms are very comfortable, tidy. This room is spacious and looks just like the photos. Its a little far but the train is only a few blocks up. Have to take the 7 train then get on the 2 if your going downtown Brooklyn. Its was clean and comfy. She was available when I needed her to be. I already knew a few things about NY Ive been multiple times. There are restaurants near and you can easily get a uber if needed. I would stay again. Access was easy and the room is spotlessly clean and spacious but not set up for hanging out or doing much work. Plan to use it for changing, showering, and sleeping.  Some features and amenities were not as described and made it a bit less comfortable, though it didnt ruin our brief stay. Caused us to wonder about the super high ratings, though.  The room was clean and as pictured. The only problem we had was it was very cold in the room and the heat didnt really work. We did visit during a pretty cold time of winter tho so this wouldnt be an issue if you were visiting during a warmer time.  It is okay if you use taxi or uber. We did during our stay overnight Tashi is very responsive, however the description and the photos are not exactly what is listed. In my case, private toilet is not flushing and have to share another one outside the room; theres no living room area and I didnt see what the photo shows. Its not that sound proof for light sleepers.   If youre looking for a place to stay one night near airport it might be a good choice     Great place! Even though it is a shared apartment we had plenty of privacy A good place to just plain crash after a day of exploring New York. Bathroom could have been stocked better, one roll of TP isnt quiet enough for 3 days. We WERE able to use the fridge to park our beers and food, so that was nice. The bathroom doors were CRAZY creaky. Brand new apartment with door that sound like a haunted house. This mainly is a problem when u try to SNEAK to the bathroom at 2am. Place was clean and new, we felt safe in the neighborhood. A pretty good hike to the train, though. First, the good things. The room size and the beds are fine. The rooftop view is really there and nice. And there it ends. The room is smelly, most likely due to the issues with the toilet flushing, sometimes we had to use their plunger to flush manually. The bathroom curtain is all mold and dirty stains - not very pleasant. Only a part of the flat is rented. To enter our room, we had to walk through a kitchen/living area where a co-owner lives. And she leads a night life style, came at 3-4 am and started watching movies out loud, using the kitchen loudly etc. Told us to go take a pill if we cant sleep, she was not going to turn the noise down. Finally, the host who has been responding so readily before we booked has not responded to our messages via the Platform or our calls for 5 days out of 6 of our stay. And even then she was willing to solve anything. Never had such an experience in 20 years that our family has been travelling. The host canceled this reservation 127 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Despite doing a late night booking, Tashi was still able to get us in to the apartment. Nice building, not really any bars worth going to within walking distance but great location and price to be close to LGA. Tashi was an excellent host. Her place was very clean and in the perfect location. I would highly recommend her place to my friends and family coming to visit NYC. Thanks Tashi for a wonderful stay!!	0
96	Annies place is beautifully appointed; while it is a studio, it feels comfortable and cozy.  An inviting and gorgeous home, her great taste shines through in everything.  Clean, well stocked, neat, it feels inviting from the moment you walk in.  It is located in one of Manhattans more exciting neighborhoods and surrounded by great night life.  The unfortunate trade off is the noise - while a few floors up, street level sounds still certainly make it through the windows.    There are thick curtains to help ameliorate and I came in prepared with ear plugs just in case (ended up not needing them).  A few relics of the age of the building remains in the faucets/knobs in the bathroom, but everything is entirely functioning and nothing a little bit of wiggling cannot solve.  Annie was generous and kind, leaving us a bottle of Prosseco and birthday candles for my partner.  She was very responsive on text to all sorts of questions, and I would be thrilled to stay with her again. The apartment is located in a great part of the city. Lots of great restaurants near by and close to several subway stops. Annie was very accommodating and responsive to all questions and needs. The apartment was very clean and tidy. Would defiently recommend to anyone visiting the city.    We absolutely loved our stay :) Annie was a great host. She responded to every message promptly, and her place was exactly as advertised. Great spot in East Village, and overall a great experience. Would stay again in the future.  Lovely, cozy, apartment in a great part of the city.  Everything was very clean and in good working order.  You could hear street noise on a lively Saturday night but I was expecting this and wasnt disturbed by it.  I will definitely stay here again next time Im in NYC. Such an incredible experience. I wish I lived there.  Annie is great, check-in was smooth. She has a very well decorated house with many plants, very cute. She is easy to communicate with; the second night I was there the temperature went up a lot, she offered discount for not being able to install the AC, and sent a fan over. I recommend Annie and her house. Annies apartment is beautifully decorated, exceptionally clean, and very cozy (the pictures dont do it justice). The check-in/check-out processes was effortless. She was easy to communicate with and reached out multiple times to ensure our stay was going well. In summary, everything was perfect and it made our trip that much more enjoyable. Had a fantastic stay at Annies apartment. A small clean space in the East Village, perfect for a couple wishing to explore the area, whilst feeling a part of the community for that short time. There is so much choice right on the doorstep, but with the noise levels reduced due to apartment being on 5th floor. Great place to stay Our stay at Annies place was great. Its location cant be beat for getting around the city. She was super communicative throughout the process. Would definitely recommend! My partner and I had a wonderful stay in this apartment. We stayed for two nights on the weekend and loved the cosy studio flat as a base to go exploring from. The surrounding area is brilliant. Annie, though we didnt meet her, is a truly excellent host, preparing the flat to a lovely liveable standard, communicating well and making sure that we were ok and enjoying our stay. She was polite, efficient and unobtrusive to our visit, though Im sure meeting her would have been great. Very cool, relaxed and competent attitude. If were back in New York and the place is still available we would stay again. Thanks Annie The apartment was lovely - just as described and everything I needed for my short stay in NYC. Annie couldn’t have been more helpful and check in/out was super smooth as a result. The neighbourhood is great - lots of cafes, bars and restaurants (best coffee I had in the city, just around the corner!). Not the quietest in the evening, but nothing that really detracted from my stay and the fab location meant you really felt you were experiencing NYC life. Thanks Annie! Amazing location! Annie was so responsive and made everything really easy.	1
97	We were the first Leslies guests, so, feeling responsibility here:  The neighborhood - young and hip;  tons of great places to eat, great nightlife; busses on every avenue. We walked a lot - it takes about 5-7 mins to a subway station.  The building - OLD.  The apartment: very lovely, just perfect! It had absolutely everything we needed; we used all 3 beds and they were very comfortable;  The host, Leslie - very friendly and attentive to all our needs.  We highly recommend this place! Our stay with Leslie was a incredible first experience with Airbnb and NYC. The apartment is  clean, comfortable and accommodated us 4 with no problem.  Leslie was really attentive to our needs, asking regularly with messages if everything was ok and also really flexible with our check in/out times. I would totally recommend this place ! Leslie was very flexible and easy to communicate with. We had a great time! Leslie was a friendly and helpfull host. It was very easy to communicate with her. The apartment is old and far 15 min to subway by walking. The flat is similar to pictures, but to go livingroom you need to pass badroom. Beds are comfortable but not clean enough. Adequate communication Muy buena atencion y personalizada de Leslie.El departamento esta muy bien equipado.Solo un tema con una alarma de fuego que se encendia al prender lacocina salvo qe abrieramos todas las ventanas.Lo demas muy satisfechos Leslie is a lovely, accommodating host and really easy to have contact back and forth with.  The apartment is a charming space and comfortably fit two of us. Its a bit of a walk to subway, but you can easily catch a bus. Close in proximity to grocery stores and pharmacy. Super cute bars down the street. We loved every minute of our stay and hope to come back soon! :-) Leslie communicated very well and provided helpful tips and offered suggestions to check out nearby. We really enjoyed our visit in LES area that offered amazing food and local experiences. We didnt mind the 15 min or so walk to access subway. We easily doubled our daily Fitbit steps. We feel that we experienced the NYC life with our week stay.  Leslie was very easy to teach and quick to respond. We loved the place, perfect for our one night stay. Close to cool local restaurants and bars and within walking distance to awesome lower NYC spots.  Leslie was very helpful, she answered all our questions super quickly and was very flexible with the check in and check out time. The building and the apartment are quite old, but you can feel that Leslie is doing everything in order that you feel good there. 3 people can comfortably sleeps here, but there is no door between the two rooms, so you dont have a lot of privacy. But as long as you are spending days outside visiting this amazing city its not a real problem. It is quite a walk to the subway (around 15 minutes), but it didnt bothered you as the neighborhood is very nice and lively, with plenty of amazing bars and restaurants, and some nice private gardens opened on week-end ! The place was also very quite, with a nice view on a garden. We stayed at Leslies with 3. Really enjoyed NYC! Communication with Leslie was good. Apartment is cosy. Just a couple of blocks down you have lots of great bars and restaurants. Leslie set up an extra mattress to accommodate all 3 of us. This proved too soft for my back, but the couch was alright. The biggest nuisance was that the toilet doesnt flush properly most of the time. Tip: pour some extra water in the bowl manually with every flush. The common hallway smells pretty bad but a nice scent greets you when you enter Leslies apartment. Kitchen comes with enough kitchenware to cook basic meals. Leslies place was in a great location and was comfortable. She was very responsive and check in was very easy.   Thanks.  Leslies unit was accurately listed and we liked that Leslie was there when we arrived to show us everything. The only complain we have is that the toilet flush was not working properly and on calling her we didnt get a very good response. The radiator was also funny where it would heat up a lot or not at all, but overall the apt was at a pretty good temperature considering it was cold outside.  Comfortable and clean. Leslie was super responsive and helpful.  The check-in and check-out was extremely flexible (our flight was delayed by 9 hours so we arrived in the middle of the night but it was no problem to pick up our keys to the apartment at a Deli at the corner of the street). Overall, the communication with Leslie was excellent. A couple can probably perfectly stay at this location. For us (we were 2 couples staying 11 days over New Years) it was a little small (as we had already expected) but we managed.   Arriving in the middle of the night, the area looked a little shady at first (rats running across the pathway and an overflowing hydrant right in front of the door). At daylight, however, the area was quite nice. There is a broad range of very nice restaurants and bars just a block away from the apartment.   The toilet does flush correctly once you get the hang of it. Although the apartment wasnt dirty, there were some rather uncomfortable encounters with (small) cockroaches.  The hallway smelled very bad which probably had to do with the little dog living right next door who started barking every time we walked into Leslies apartment.   All in all, if you acquaint yourself with all the very little flaws the apartment comes with, it is a very nice place to stay in the worlds capital.   We enjoyed our visit and Leslie was a great host although we never met her in person.  Leslie was very helpful and kind.  My family and I (4people) spent an amazing week in Leslies apartment. Very clean, furnished with everything that we needed, cosy, and comfortable, we had the impression to be home!  The neighbourhood is trendy, lively and entertaining, with many shops, restaurants, and bars (some nights could be a little noisy, but it is part of living the the local life!). Easy access to metros and buses to join the center of Manhattan and Brooklyn.   Leslie was charming, pretty helpful and available during all the week. Thank you again :)  We recommend this apartment at 100%.  Leslies flat is a good place to stay in the East Village, I would recommend it to anyone looking to stay in the area. The location is nice with lots of bars and restaurants nearby. The street immediately outside the apartment got a bit loud at night, but for me this was a non-issue. Communication was great, Leslie was really responsive regarding accomodations including check in details and time. The flat itself is good too- the living room has a nice space though it can get a bit noisey during the evenings and connects directly to the bedroom. Theres a small kitchen too which is adequate for cooking, etc.  There was a bit of a noticeable odor in the floor leading to the apartment- could be from the disposal room, but this is outside Leslies control. Clean and quiet Conveniently located in East Village, comfortable layout and large for Manhattan:-) The apartment was very nice and the main bed was really comfortable. Leslie was really nice and easy to communicate. The building hallway is very smelly although it is not Leslies  fault. We didnt like the location and as a summary we think that it was a bit expensive for the value. Thank you again La casa è adatta per 2 o 3 persone. Il quartiere un po decentrato ma comodo ed economico. Leslie è gentile è presente in caso di necessità. Leslie is a wonderful host:-) So sweet and helpful. Thank you for everything. We had an amazing week staying at Leslies place in the East Village. The location was great and the neighbourhood was very cool and fun. The apartment was easy to get to everything you would want to see. We also had everything we could possibly need. Leslie was a great host who was easy to communicate with and extremely helpful. I would definitely stay here again. Tolle Lage und schnelle unkomplizierte Kommunikation mit Leslie! perfect location, great space. radiated heat makes it very cozy/too hot for nighttime but opening a couple windows goes a long way. overall, great stay! We really enjoyed our stay at Leslies place. Its a great location, and the apartment is really cute! We fit 4 of us in the apartment pretty easily and each had space to get ready, which is always important when youre traveling as 4 girls for the weekend :) Leslie is very communicative and the check in/check out process was very efficient. Although we didnt get to meet Leslie in person, she was super accommodating and made sure we had everything we needed. Definitely recommend Leslies place if you are staying in Manhattan. La ubicación es perfecta, puedes llegar a sitios de interés caminando. It was a great value in a good location.	0
98	"The apartment was clean and exactly what we all expected. We stayed 5 days. Maurice, the husband of Julia, welcomed us and he showed us the area, which was really nice. The nights were a little bit louder than expected, but hey you are directly in New York City, the city which never sleeps! ;-) Just buy some earpax and you sleep like a baby! :D    All in all I highly recommend Julia and Maurice! They were awesome and very nice. Host was friendly, punctual and full of information on the area. The apt was clean, in a quiet building and a wonderful midtown location.  I had a great stay at Julias apartment. It was very clean with great location one block from the subway. Mori & Julia were great hosts. They were very accommodating and helpful and the communication was prompt. Thank you for a great stay.  Très bonne accueil, localisation idéale.  Petit bémol le lit double fait beaucoup de bruit, et le lit pliant est inconfortable.   Mais dans l’assemble l’appartement est très bien, et très équiper.  Very good welcome, ideal location.  The double bet makes a lot of noise, and the folding bed is uncomfortable.  But in général everything else was fine.   This was a great experience from start to finish. Julias husband was very accommodating and made sure to show us everything we could possibly need in the apt. The apt was clean and had all necessary items (linens, pillows, etc) that the 5 of us needed. The location was also convenient and easy to get to. I would definitely rent again! Julia was very quick to respond and quite helpful during the booking and check-in process. I booked this reservation on behalf of an employee who was traveling to and working from NY.     Feedback from our guest:  ""It was livable and I understand that most of NY apartments are like this, but it was really loud and with super bad sound insulation so I could hear every step of the person in the flat above, even while they would only be walking around normally. The AC was so loud that it was quite disruptive to just relax and hang in the apartment while it was on.    It would be suitable if you are were on vacation in NY and not spending much time there, but when you crave some good rest and sleep when in town for work - it might not be the best solution."" Great place in a great location flatiron district! Has everything you need and accommodated 4 of us perfectly Overall, our experience was very positive. Julia and her husband were very helpful and always ready to help us out with any inquiry. Both the check-in and check-out processes were very easy. The apartment is in good shape, and very much in line with what you see in the pictures and expect. The neighborhood is a a very good option, with lost of restaurants and easy access to many places. I had a very easy, great experience. On the first day I was shown the apartment (which looks exactly like the photos) and the hosts were very welcoming. I had one issue with the cable TV about 10 days in but the hosts resolved that within 30 mins. And considering that was the only issue, I cant recommend the hosts and the apartment more highly. Thanks for a terrific stay. The apartment was as shown in the pics. The neighbourhood is ok and the building is pre-war (very old). There was a problem with the plumbing in the apartment. However, the host immediately offered to move me into another apartment (he had 2 more). I eventually moved into another one in the same building. Overall experience was quite pleasant and I was happy with the way the change was accommodated.  The flat was absolutely not the one on the picture ! speachless...   On top of that, the flat is old, bad smell from restaurant around, no elevator, electricity system to review (fridge plugged in the bathroom...), TV channel not working... Der Gastgeber Maurice war sehr zuvorkommend.Die Lage ist einmalig. Rooftop Bar, lecker Inder, lecker Bistro, Sports Bar und ne Jazzbar ( live Music jeden Tag um 7.30 pm und 9.30 pm ) ect...alles nebenan bzw auf der Strasse und zu Fuss erreichbar .  Die Linie 6 ist 3 min Fussweg entfernt.  das Gebäude ist zwar ohne Aufzug versehen, dafür war der Gastgeber aber sehr hilfreich und half die Koffer hoch und runter tragen. ich würde jeder Zeit Julia und Maurice wieder kontaktieren. ich kann es euch allen nur weiter empfehlen.  TOP!!!! Great place.  Great location.  Great host. Look forward to staying here again."	0
99	Great location and value. The place was clean and beds were comfy. Great experience. A great space. Our room was clean and comfortable. We were one adult, a teenager, and a preteen, and we were very comfortable. The 5 drawer dresser was so great to see.   The kitchen is full, well stocked, and comfortable.   There is a cozy living room\dining room area. A great touch. A place to sit and enjoy a meal comfortably. Two very comfortable leather sofas. We enjoyed being able to prepare and enjoy your meals very comfortably. Having an extra space that we can stretch out and relax in, you get more than just a room.  Great location too! Driving or using mass transit, you are set. very good deal, clean place, not far from the train station, check in is very simple Convenient room with space for up to 3 people comfortably. Great location in a nice safe area with train stations located close by. Plenty of free street parking with minimal regulations. Perfect spot for visiting the city all day and returning  to sleep at night Great deal. The place was clean and safe. As a traveler on a budget, it was exactly what I was looking for. Great and convenient location. Dino was very descriptive in providing instructions and flexible with his time. The bed was not very comfortable, which didnt allow me a good nights sleep; however, my sisters slept like babies, so I suppose it depends. For me, this was a perfect place to rest my head for the night since we arrived late and couldnt check in to our hotel yet. Overall, great value. Thank you for letting us stay in your home. Clean room for a great price in Astoria! It is difficult to contact to host and the problem of radiator, we was in trouble. Lugar con buena ubicación. Cerca del metro. Limpia la habitación. Tuvimos problemas con la calefacción y no pudimos localizar al anfitrión.	1
100	This place is beautiful, and super accessible if you want to take the subway. Adeyemi is super friendly and accomodating. We loved our stay here! Adeyemi’s place in Brooklyn was incredible!! My husband and I had such a great stay. It is in walking distance from two trains that take you straight to Manhattan. The price per night was extremely affordable and you get a really nice room out of it. We will definitely be looking into staying here again! Had a layover in New York and figured might as well see a little bit of the city. Good thing we found Adeyemis place in such a short notice. We stayed for less than a day and he was nice enough to let us come in much earlier than the original checkin time. Location was near train stations. J train is nearer than A/C. Place was clean, really bright and bed was really comfy. Room had a little hard time cooling down since AC was centralized and it faced the morning sun. Overall we recommend the place for the value and what you get. La ubicación, la cama es excelente y elementos de cocina están muy bien Spacious room. Close to metro stop. House recently refurbished, everything looked very nice. I would stay again. Adeyemi is very kind and attend the messages very quickly and everything is clean, also is close to two subway stations (Rockaway and Chauncey) Grundsätzlich eine schöne Unterkunft in NY, in der man sich sehr wohl fühlt. Anbindung an die Subway ist super, auch Geschäfte für Lebensmittel etc. Sind direkt eine Straße weiter. Manhattan ist mit der Sub in 15 min. Erreicht. Gerne wider vielen Dank. Great place. Renovated apartment made me feel comfortable and safe. Exactly as described! good place to stay Good and convenient place to stay. It is 45 minutes train from downtown manhattan.  6 person needs to share a toilet in a day. So far, we have no issues on the toilet time in our 6 days stay there.  The place was perfect for our short stay. It was easily accessible from the subway station, clean, and the host was very communicative. Everything it said it was ! Most definitely staying here again ! Great stay! You’re super close to the J and C. Clean, bathroom is very modern. Locks on front door, apartment door, and bedroom door. Would definitely stay again! I recommend getting coffee at the Daily Press before hopping on the train into the city. This Airbnb is located in Bed-Stuy. Just minutes walking distance from Bushwick where you can find some nice sightseeing. It’s also close to two different subway station which is very convenient. Easy access to Manhattan and other parts of Brooklyn. Adeyemi is a very nice host that gave us lots of local tips of unconventional sightseeing. And last but not least he let us check out 7 hours later which was perfect because we had a midnight flight. We really recommend this place! Great place with lots of sunlight; clean, comfortable, and easy to get to with multiple subway stations nearby. 3 guest rooms share a kitchen and a bathroom, but each bedroom locks separately with the provided keys and we had no issues at all.  Highly recommended! Adeyemi home was AMAZING!!clean, comfortable and he responded quickly! Very help ... phenomenal host, I’ll definitely be back!!! I felt safe in environment ❤️ Great accommodations. Easy access to public transportation. Very clean. Check in went completely as planned.	1
101	"My friend and I took longer than expected to get to her apartment but she was very nice and helped us and waited for us. The apartment is great, very clean, cozy and well located. You will feel at home the moment you get there.  In general it was a great experience, thank you for everything Kasey! Great place, perfect for exploring the city. Had a great time, was clean and Kasey was very responsive and helpful! Great apartment, perfect for a weekend stay. Easy to get in and out Kaseys place was beautiful! She made sure that we had everything we needed and was 100% responsive. I definitely recommend her place! Would stay here again! Clean & spiffy apartment. Kay went out of her way to rectify a situation in order to get me the keys to check-in. I appreciate the extra mile! The neighborhood was very quiet. The studio is a great place to stay for a night. A host was very communicative and helping with everything. Although I expected more clean space, for example fresh linen, but this is the only thing I can complain about. I totally recommend this apartment!  The place was well organized, clean, awesome, easily accessible and close to a lot of cool spots in Harlem. 10/10 would do again. Very reasonably priced, but compact efficiency apartment.   The apartment was clean and well equipped. Kay was very accommodating and friendly!  The place was great! Had everything you need. Super comfy bed along w peace and quiet. Kay was also very hot lol The studio was great! As described plus an extra couch!  Kay was timely with her responses and super great and friendly! Really close to a supermarket and the subway. Definitely recommend it to a friend! The Appartement is in a good position, not everything was perfect but alltogether okay. The Transfer with the Subway From the app. To Manhattan is very easy and fast.  Great place!   Kay ha sido muy buena anfitriona dando respuesta a cada pregunta o pedido que hicimos. Su apartamento (aunque es pequeño) es cómodo y funcional. Tiene un baño muy prolijo, la cocina es pequeña (nosotros casi no la usamos, pero no parecia faltarle nada) y tiene un sofá cama correcto, aunque para dos personas pequeñas. Hay otro sillón que puede ser usado como cama individual.  Esta ubicado en pleno harlem a 3 calles del metro 135 y desde ahí se puede ir a casi todos los barrios de New York. El vecindario y el edificio son tranquilos. Poco ruido y con oferta gastronómica y de servicios en los horarios habituales. De noche solo quedan pequeñas tiendas 24 horas con lo básico. Kasey is really nice. We had a wonderful night in NY.  Kay was a fantastic host and Id certainly recommend her place to anyone looking for a safe, affordable, and comfortable place to stay in NYC. She was so gracious throughout the experience and communicated in a timely, efficient manner. Her place is located within decent walking distance to the subway and we found it super easy to get to and from midtown. Thank you Kay!  The hostess was always available ! Enjoyed our stay  Kay was so nice and hospitable. She made us feel so welcomed. She was so generous and we loved the place. The host was super nice. The apartment is Great for a good getaway.  The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. The place is great and shes a fantastic host. Wanted to experience the city and couldnt have asked for better, would absolutely stay again. Full disappointment for this trip , big surprise because all the previous comments were great.... The host delayed the check in, then we found someone in the place.  The place doesnt correspond to the description, there is only one ""couch"", not 2 beds as written in the announcement.   The air conditioning is barely working. We had a huge leak on the first night, and we had to finish out stay without it working.  Hygiene is terrible, we had no sheets on the bed, the toilets were not clean , same for the kitchen ) microwave).  Communication with the host was not easy. She promised us to meet several times, and finally she was never available to solve the issues we met.  Checkout by leaving the keys under the mat because next travelers come in 2hours and she is not in town...  Kay is very communicative, attentive and flexible. Her home is just as seen in the pictures. The train station is five minutes walking distance, and there are multiple bus stops at two minutes.  Kay was very sweet and communicative throughout the whole process. Her place was clean, and had everything that we needed. Its located very close to the subway, grocery store, etc. Id recommend Kays apartment to anyone looking to explore NYC.  I highly recommend!!! Lines and towels were ready at check in. The location is really good. Kay is very accommodating, friendly and easy to get in contact with. very nice and clean home. detailed instructions but a bit confusing once we get into the apartment complex. not for 4 people max 2. very safe and not noisy at all. Our stay at Kays apartment was perfect! It was always easy to talk to her, she always replied my messages quickly, the apartment was just like the pictures and the cleaning was pretty good. I was a little but worried about the neighborhood, but we didnt have any problems. We came back late night and we didnt have problems. I truly recommend her place! Es cómodo, seguro y tranquilo En plein dans harlem, on est tout de suite dépaysé. Lappartement est prêt de toute les commodités. Pour ceux qui souhaitent voir autre chose que le centre de Manhattan, je recommande en plus Kasey se montre très réactive si vous avez des questions."	1
102	The host canceled this reservation 3 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 4 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 21 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. I booked this room as I had to move from another apartment as soon as possible ( didnt feel safe in that area), so I booked it and moved just in 3 hours. Location is really good, not far from the subway, area is safe.  The room is really small, bed is comfortable. What I didnt like at all is a constant noise: kid was crying all the time, tv was working extremely loud, hosts didnt care if its 8 am and you want to sleep. If you ask almost 100$ per night living conditions must be different. Ronnie was great and the space was relaxed. The room was big enough and the bed was comfortable, all I could have really asked for. I  mixed up with the dates I was staying and he was so accommodating and down to earth. Definitely would stay there again for sure. Recommend everyone. Nice place. Close to public transport. Nice guy and helpful 	0
103	"Warm, comfortable, quite, and private home.  Host was absolutely, positively accommodating and friendly.  Perfect distance from the new Barclay Center in Brooklyn.   We had a lovely stay at Annas condo. The condo was very clean and in a great area. The subway ride was quite quick to get into Manhattan. Anna was a great host!! The condo was spotless and exactly as described.  Parking was easy and the location was great.  This is the perfect place if you have an event at the Barclays.  We were able to walk to dinner and drinks as well as breakfast in the morning.  Always felt safe and well definitely return.  Anna was very accommodating, provided recommendations for dining and quickly answered all of our questions. A great appartment, in a new building in Brooklyn, aabout 20 minutes away from downtown Manhattan.    I wont repeat everything Anna says in her description: just read it, its the entire truth !    Anna was a perfect host, with everything arranged for us, including tips about our stay (dont miss the sunday brunch ""smorgasbord"" in the Brooklyn Bridge Park on Main Street !)    Thanks, Anna !    The only thing I would add: Duffield St is in two parts, with some big buildings and avenues in between (well, ""big"" for a european anyway) and when you ask anybody about ""Duffield street"", they send you over to ""the other part"". So make sure you have a map of the area, or make sure you find the fireman who finally put us on the right track !  ;-) We enjoyed our stay in Annas apartment. We came with two children (6, 7). Because there was plenty of space they could adjust to the new time zone easily.   The apartment was clean and nicely decorated. Actually Anna left little toys for the boys for the further trip. Thanks!! Annas apartment is a wonderful place to stay. Clean, comfortable and with two bedrooms (one small).  It is situated near Brooklyn Bridge and several subway stations.  We would not doubt for a minute to book again. Annas place was exactly what we hoped it would be!! My bridesmaids and I got ready for my wedding in Brooklyn at her apartment and were so please with her hospitality, and sunny apartment.  If you are looking for a place to stay in downtown Brooklyn, walking distance to everything, stay here!   L""appartement est très agréable et bien équipé, bien situé par rapport au métro.  Anna est pleine dattentions vis à vis des visiteurs.  Très bien. Lappartement dAnna est spacieux et confortable, bien situé par rapport au métro, commerces et points dintérêts à Brooklyn (brooklyn bridge, brooklyn heights...). Anna est adorable et nous a beaucoup aidé et conseillé avant notre séjour et pendant. Un grand merci!! We had a great time in Anna’s Apartment this June for three nights. It looked exactly like on the photos and she prepared everything in a way that we felt very welcomed and at home at once. Anna is a great host and answered patiently all my questions – and I had many questions ☺.     The road in front of the windows is really beautiful - small and calm. Unfortunately at our stay there was a big construction site next door so it was not a good idea to open the windows in hot summer nights. Especially the second bedroom (without windows to open at bedtime) became very hot at night. But nevertheless we got best recreation at this nice, calm place after an exciting day in a busy town. So close to the beautiful Brooklyn Bridge.  Thank you for everything!  We had a great stay at Annas. She left us a few goodies on arrival and gave instructions on the closest markets so we could get supplies straight away. The location was perfect for us. Annas place is a 15 minute walk to the Brooklyn Bridge and to the beautiful Brooklyn Bridge Park, which has amazing views over to Manhattan.   The subway is about a 10 minute walk away with a good selection of lines to take you all over the city.  Anna gave exact instructions to locate her place and with a pin code entrance and self locking door we felt very secure.  It was a very quiet building, only on the last day did we bump into another resident. The area was very safe and we felt fine walking back from the subway late at night.  Annas place felt like home straight away although we struggled for storage of our belongings and a spare shelf etc would have been ideal as we didnt feel comfortable moving any of her stuff around to make space.   The main bedroom bed was very comfortable and has an air conditioner which maintained a good temperature overnight as it was very hot without it.  The spare room with futon was extremely hot to sleep in and after two nights one of us slept on the couch instead.  The couch was amazing to sleep on, so if there are a few if you and your staying in summer I would recommend this sleeping arrangement.  The main living area, kitchen and bathroom are great with large windows that let a lot of natural light in.  If we come back to New York which is highly likely as we loved it we would stay at Annas again. The place is really beautiful and close to subway, groceries, Brooklyn bridge... Its the perfect place to stay for a nice weekend in New york!!  The place was perfect for myself and three friends! Great open space to gather and catch up. She left a sweet note and we felt more than comfortable. It was a lovely place. Anna was a great hostess. Even though we didnt need to reach out very much, I felt that we absolutely could and she would respond quickly. I would definitely recommend this place to others. Annas place is amazing! Great location (with easy to find parking), walking distance to Brooklyn Bridge, close to subway(s) and great restaurants. The apartment is very clean, bright and spacious - with a fully equipped kitchen. Anna was very communicative throughout the process with easy check-in instructions and very responsive throughout our stay.  She was a thoughtful host, leaving us a few treats and making the apartment feel homey with fresh flowers. Our family thoroughly enjoyed our stay.  We highly recommend her place.     We enjoyed our stay in Annas apartment. We came with our two daughters (19 and 15) for eight nights. Annas apartment is clean, comfortable, with two bedrooms (one small) and a fully equipped kitchen. It is situated near the subway station and perfectly placed to visit Manhattan. Road to the subway you can find groceries and a big shopping mall. Anna was highly accessible throughout the process and during the stay, with easy check-in instructions In short, we would stay at Annas again. This is an absolutely gorgeous apartment in a great location. Anna was also very responsive to questions and had detailed instructions on how everything would work. Would absolutely stay again/recommend to anyone. Nous navons pas rencontré Anna car elle partait en vacances au même moment mais nous avons énormément communiqué par mail. Anna a toujours été à notre écoute et lorsque nous sommes arrivés tout était comme sur les photos. On sest tout de suite senti comme à la maison. Emplacement calme, proche du métro, commerces et restos à proximité, à 5 minutes du pont de Brooklyn. Cétait très agréable de retrouver du calme, le soir,  après lagitation de Manhattan. Merci, Anna, ce voyage était fantastique... Annas apartment is ideally located if like me you dont want to stay in a hotel in the middle of NYC but still require easy access by subway or walking. The apartment is idea for 2/3 people and situated close to the subway and grocery stores. The apartment has a very calm feel to it with flowers inside and out and the added advantage of being in a tree lined street. My daughters and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay there.  Annas condo is on a picturesque, tree-lined street that is also close to all the action that downtown Brooklyn has to offer.  Located within a 10-minute walk are about nine different subway stations, the pedestrian walkways to the Brooklyn and Manhattan bridges, and a grocery store.  The apartment itself is modern and up-to-date, with enough space for maybe three adults or a small family. Anna is een prettige gastvrouw die zorgt dat je je snel thuis voelt, en heeft een schitterend nieuw appartement gelegen aan de voet van de Manhattan Bridge in Brooklyn. Het appartement staat in een rustige straat en op loopafstand alle benodigde winkels en metrostation Jaystreet waar vanuit je alle beschikbare metrolijnen beschikbaar hebt. In het appartement vindt je een moderne badkamer en keuken en 2 slaapkamers met plaats voor 3-4 personen, alles zeer netjes en gezellig ingericht. Een aanrader voor degene die geen verassingen wil en een ontspannen verblijf in New York wil hebben. The condo was just like the photos and, it may sound corny, it gave us the movie NY experience.  We were looking a for a village-like accommodation and we found we could walk to almost everything we needed, including a nice shopping area.  The location was perfect for getting to Manhattan to see the sights and coming ""home"" to a clean, relaxing spot.      Walk up 4 more flights to a great rooftop deck area with lounge chairs and a pretty good view of the 4th of July fireworks!  The kitchen has everything you need if you choose to eat in.  The master bedroom was cozy with a comfy bed.  The secondary bedroom was just big enough for my 2 teenage girls and their bags.  We felt safe and secure, and it was pretty easy to get a parking spot.     Anna responded quickly to our inquires and the check in process was very easy.  I would highly recommend her home to friends and family.  Thank you for everything Anna!!      A very very good place in Brooklyn. The appartement is cosy and Anna is a very good person. If i Come back in New York, sure  i Will ask Anna for her appartement!  We very much enjoyed the apartment. It was very pleasant, well-located and spacious. It was easy to communicate with Anna and she was a gracious host. We stayed at Annas place for 4 night. Everything is clean and tide. We loved it very much.  Super séjour, lappartement dAnna est très agréable et très bien situé, à deux pas du pont de Brooklyn. I stayed at Annas place with my parents when they were visiting me in Brooklyn. I feel extremely thankful, to have been able to stay here, and it was absolutely the perfect place to host my parents while visiting from afar. Annas place is very clean, spacious and comfortable, a rare gem to come across. Anna was also the most friendly and responsive host whenever I came across any questions for her. Thanks to Anna, I was able to spend quality time with my parents and be able to share my life in Brooklyn with them! When my parents come to visit again, I wish to have them stay at Annas place again!   Annas apartment is awesome. Both the apartment and the building are new and modern, yet very inviting and comfortable. The location is great too - close to all subway lines and a quick ride into Manhattan. Also easy access to walk over the Brooklyn Bridge or walk to Dumbo and take the East River Ferry. All around a great place to stay at a good price. Annas place was perfect for my 2 friends and I. The location is extremely convenient (to get into Manhattan, or elsewhere in Brooklyn) and the apartment itself is beautiful (and spotless). Anna was very helpful, kind, and prompt when responding. We had a great time, and would certainly stay there again next time were in the city. Highly recommended! Annas apartment was absolutely immaculate! I would and most likely will stay here again. She was super easy to communicate with and she had perfect step by step instructions on how to get into the place. She also had a great list of nearby restaurants and bars. The neighborhood is very nice and the apartment is located on a peaceful little street. Thanks for sharing your amazing place!   The apartment is even more beautiful than the photos, with lots of natural light in the living-room and main bedroom. We were 4 people staying in NY for two weeks and it felt spacious and comfortable at all times. The couch is great for coming home after a day of walking and the integrated kitchen was perfect for our group breakfast. The apartment was super clean and it even has dishwasher, washing and drying machines inside the apartment which was great for our long stay. Location is also superb, with a tree-lined, brick buildings street only 4-5 blocks away to the nearest metro station and walking distance to the beautiful Brooklyn Bridge Park. Anna was easy to contact at all times and gave us good recommendations of places to eat around (we tried Forno Rosso and Rucola and loved them!). Everything worked out perfectly: good wifi, comfy beds, strong shower, easy access in/out of the apartment, great coffee machine and overall decoration, it was just perfect! I would definitely stay there again if I go back to NY with more than 2 people. Nice apartment at a great spot. Four people can spend a week or even two  perfectly there , second room is kind on the small size without windows but good enough (the master bedroom is great). The apartment has great location so if you want to stay at Brooklyn ( far better than staying in Manhattan in my opinion) , in a nice comfortable place, this will work for you for sure. Even tough we didnt meet , Anna was a really good host. Annas apartment is exactly as you see in the images - spacious. modern and comfortable. My colleague and I stayed in her apartment to attend a conference in Brooklyn and it was so convenient - within walking distance, youre near the tube stations and even the Brooklyn Bridge! The place is in a safe neighbourhood.     Annas response to our requests were immediate and quick. Even though she was overseas, it was always easy to connect with her. She even made sure her neighbour was there to help if we needed any.     I slept in the smaller room and it was nice and comfortable - not too warm as it got cold in New York when i was there. The walls in that room are a little thin though so if you are a light sleeper, you may wake up to noises from the neighbour.    Overall, a really nice stay! Anna was super easy to communicate with and very flexible about check-in and check-out. I arrived at JFK very early in the morning and I could immediately go the the apartment to have a shower and some rest. There is a lot of natural light in the living room and main bedroom. The apartment was really super clean, immaculate, which is something I very much appreciate. Overall it is a very good place to stay in Brooklyn, which, in my opinion, is far better than Manhattan to appreciate NY life. We spent a great 10 days stay at Annas place. The apartment was clean and confortable. Anna is a great host: helpful and always present, she answered inmediately to our needs. Definitely, well return to her place if possible. I travelled here with my mother in December 2016 for a long weekend. I have been to NYC multiple times in the past and was excited to try staying somewhere other than Manhattan.     We loved having a 2 bedroom place. It gave us our own space to sleep and the living room/kitchen was a great place to relax and unwind with a glass of wine at the end of a long day of sight seeing.     We utilized the nearby subways to access middle and upper Manhattan however when we went to One World Observatory we decided to walk there and it was great. Awesome way to combine the Brooklyn Bridge with wandering around the Wall St area. It probably took about 45-50 minutes for us to walk all the way from the apartment to the World Trade.     We also went to a couple restaurants in the local area and they were reasonably priced and tasty!    The apartment looked just like the pictures and was very clean and comfortable.     I would recommend staying here for anyone looking to get a feel of where New Yorkers actually live! Anna has a beautiful home in a great neighborhood that is well cared for and very welcoming. She made it extremely easy to check in and out, and our stay was very enjoyable. Thank you! The place is centrally located in Brooklyn close to public transportation. The pictures accurately describe the place. Host was always available and check in was smooth. Will defitively stay there again. Annas apartment was lovely and clean. The floor to ceiling windows really made the space feel open and cheery. Anna was quick to respond with any needs or questions that arouse. The beds were extremely comfortable! I would recommend this place for sure! This is a great spot right near the Brooklyn Bridge. Quiet enough, yet easy to access and connected to well to Brooklyn and Manhattan. Parking the neighborhood was easy. The unit was clean, cozy and comfortable. Annas place was great for the weekend visiting friends! Would def stay again. I highly recommend this place is exactly as described and the host is great. Central location to the Brooklyn Bridge, Dumbo, and Brooklyn Heights. About 0.5 miles to the nearest train stop. The place is on a nice quiet street with several families nearby as others described. Annas place was clean and quite spacious with comfy beds in both rooms. Storage was the only thing lacking in the rooms. Check-in/Checkout was great. Anna was always quick to respond to any question. Highly recommend and would stay here again. Anna is awesome at communicating and taking care of odd hour checkins.   Here home is extremely beautiful, welcoming and perfect for a NYC trip (short or long).   Cleanliness, convenience, comfort and safety are few words I would use to describe her place.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED  We stayed for a weekend in Annas apartment and had a great time. The apartment is really well equipped and located on a quiet street, very conveniently located to the Brooklyn bridge and restaurants and bars.   This is someones personal, furnished home, so dont expect a spartan generic rental.    Anna was very accommodating with check in and check out times and worked with us and our flight time.   If youre looking for a really nice apartment, away from the hustle and bustle but within easy reach of Manhattan and some local amenities, look no further.  We really had a good time! We would definitely come back. Annas apartment is beautiful. We had a wonderful 5 days staying here. The street is quiet and is ideal  for exploring Brooklyn and further afield. We would come back here in a heartbeat. Annas place was impeccable, easy to use, and all around lovely. Gran departamento. Lindo, limpio y moderno. No tiene escalera. El Barrio está muy bien. A un paso de l isla y con un Centro propio muy lindo. El dumbo a un paso... difícil pensarlo mejor en NY nice place Location. Location. Location. Just a few minutes from the Brooklyn bridge. Very clean. Very confortable. I strongly suggest it. This is a fantastic apartment in a great location. The second level with the tree in bloom provides a tranquil setting in the bustling NYC. It has everything you need and is close to the subway. Only a couple stops away from Manhattan. Also very close to the Manhattan and Brooklyn Bridge! Anna was helpful and responsive to our needs. Great place in brooklyn! Our stay at Annas place was great. Her apartment in Brooklyn has everything you need for a comfortable and enjoyable stay (comfortable beds and clean linens, towels, hair dryer, all needed dishes and glasses) and it’s very close to the subway station “Jay Street” and to groceries. The neighborhood is very safe and quiet.  Anna was great - very helpful and all questions were answered promptly. She solved small problems immediately. By the way: Her neighbor John was also very helpful and alert. The flat is (as stated above) very close to the public transport system and made it easy to get to all the places in NY we wanted to visit. The flat is exactly as described. We would (with no doubt) stay again at Annas nice and tidy apartment in Brooklyn.  Highly recommended.  Espaçoso, bonito, arejado, ensolarado e perfeitamente limpo, o apartamento de Anna é muito gostoso! Cama razoável, chuveiro também. Faltou armários onde guardar as roupas.... Seria melhor se o metrô fosse mais perto... Vizinhança super agradável! Vizinhos muito gentis. Vale a pena se vc prioriza o conforto... Mas se tem pouco tempo e vai fazer mais coisas em Manhattan, melhor ficar por lá, mesmo... Anna foi sempre prestativa e gentil! Superb location, with iconic views round the corner! Annas place was convenient so that we could make the most of both Manhattan and Brooklyn during our recent 4 day stay. Convenient for the Subway, but many attractions within easy walking distance. We would love to return and would highly recommend the location and Annas place. Diolch yn Fawr Perfect for visiting Brooklyn. Quiet street in nice neighborhood with lots of trees. Beautiful comfortable apartment. Walkable to good restaurants and nice little grocery and about half a mile to subway stops. The main bedroom is great, and the second bedroom is small, but my daughter thought it was very comfortable.  I would stay here again for sure. The host canceled this reservation 19 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Annas place is amazing, its super clean, very stylish, very spacious!! Located in super quite street in downtown Brooklyn! Next to great neighborhoods and short walk to many trains! One stop away from the city! Communication is great! Highly recommended! Un appartement agréable, confortable et lumineux, dans une rue tranquille. Le métro pour Manhattan et le pont de Brooklyn sont à 10 minutes à pied. "	1
104	"Sonias place is great. Just a couple of blocks from an express subway station to the heart of NYC. Helpful about finding things. Just to sum it up She was wonderful and I plan to stay with her when ever I come back.   Made it feel like home.  I didnt get the chance to meet Sonia, but i let her roomate Solene who was an awesom person. I had such a great Time in NYC Thanks to her, her advises, her kindness, our talks and the night we spend out together. The appartment is perfect, very clean et big enough! Harlem is a wonderful place, safe, well located (the 2/3 train at 3 min by walk), great for visiting (colombia university and all the little Beautiful streets), and there are many restaurants near the appartment. I couldnt have find a better place to stay for a Week and would definetly go back there as soon as possible ! Thank you Solene !  You have a lovely apartament Quelle magnifique expérience Airbnb ! Solène nous a chaleureusement accueillis mon fils et moi et a su tout de suite nous diriger vers un incroyable petit restaurant italien "" Babalucci "" situé à deux minutes de marchés de lappartement car nous étions affamés. Nous nous sommes tout de suite senti très  à laise chez elle  comme si on se connaissait depuis toujours Jai bien apprécié sa petite cuisine très fonctionnelle et bien pratique pour se concocter un petit déjeuner rapide le matin  . La chambre était propre et le matelas très comfortable ! Et que dire de la localisation de son appartement ... dix sur dix ! nous naurions pas pu mieux tomber... A deux pas du Subway, des autobus et de très bons restaurants tels que le "" Red Rooster"" le sylvias soul Foods (Website hidden by Airbnb) surtout -Amys Ruth est un must avec son poulet frit et sa cuisine "" comfort food"" . Il y a de bons achats à faire sur la 125th street mais aussi sur la 116th Street avec ses commerçants qui vendent directement sur la rue ou encore au marché"" Harlem"": ce sont les meilleurs endroits afin dacheter des souvenirs de New York  a une fraction du prix de çe qui se vend au centre-ville. Nhésitez pas à apprendre lhistoire du quartier Harlem en visitant à pied ou en bus avec lentreprise locale "" Hush hip hop tour"" assurez-vous de demander pour le guide "" Razor"" si vous décidez de faire le tour de 2 heures à pied qui commence au "" Museum of The city of New York "" vous ne serez pas déçu ! De plus ce musée vaut la peine dêtre visité si vous voulez tout savoir sur lhistoire de la ville de New York , dhier à aujourdhui avec une emphase sur la résilience et louverture desprit des New Yorkais avec ses diverses communautés culturelles incluant sa communauté gay et lesbiennes. Merci encore Solène et au plaisir de se recroiser jespère! Marjo et Julien  Everything was fine ! Great nice and clean room. A bit on the small side if you would really want to be in your room, but you dont want that, you want to see NYC. But if you want you could use the living room. Lappartement est sympathique et bien situé dans Harlem. Solène nous a bien accueilli et ce malgré nos 2h de retard. Le lit est confortable. Seul inconvénient est la colonne de chauffage passant dans la chambre qui fait pas mal de bruit et donne limpression davoir une Cocotte-Minute à côté du lit. Cela ne nous a malgré tout pas empêché de dormir. Totally recommend this apartment. It is exactly as the photos- clean and nice decorated!! Girls were friendly and helpful! The undergound is 5 minutes away from the apartment and thus city centre is easily reached. The area is safe. In case we visit again NY we would stay again there! Thank you for the hospitality ladies! We were delighted to have our stay at Sonias house. The place is clean and nice. The neighborhood is good and has everything close by, shopping, several metro lines and buses, which made our visit to the city very good. The hosts were very attentive and always ready to help us! We would definitely recommend and we would stay there on a new visit! What an amazing bonus to our trip to have these ladies accommodate us! They were super friendly and helpful.  The bed was really comfy and it was great that they let us help ourself to coffee etc. One of our highlights of our trip was getting the chance to spend a night out with them - we had so much fun!  Thanks once again and we hope to stay again in the near future. Sonia is a wonderful host. Extremely attentive. Home is wonderful & SO welcoming. Great location. Close to everything. Highly recommend! Sonias cozy room is awesome. Its perfect for 1 person and the bed is very comfortable and the room and the building is very quiet.  The wi-if is extremely reliable and the apartment is impeccable.  The location is just a 5 min walk to the subway.  Sonia is a great host.  Sonia es una chica muy amable y nos recibió de excelente manera. Nos brindo la ayuda que pedimos tanto en la casa como para saber cuestiones de la ciudad. Nos pareció muy útil que prepare una nota con la información relevante de los alrededores. El departamento es cómodo y agradable, además lo mantiene limpio. Excelente opción para viajar a NYC. Lo recomendamos. Sonia and Solene were great and very nice! I had a great time staying with them and it is very conveniently located especially if youre in Manhattan a lot. Its right next to the 2 and 3 train which is great since those are two primary manhattan train. Thanks so much for everything Sonia and Solene!    The location is perfect if u want to spend your days in Harlem and its great any way to move downtown etc. Near the subways and bus stops. Sonya was kind and the room was clean but maybe too little for Two People but if youre single is just perfect. We were a bit disappointed by the noise of a random pipe in the room. I definitely enjoyed my stay. The hosts were great & their place is walking distance from restaurants, shopping & the Apollo Theatre.   This is my 2nd visit to Sonias apartment and its still my favorite AirBnB in Harlem.  I will be back again.  They are a delight to stay with.  Very hospitable and quiet.  Solene and Sonia were extremely warm and friendly hosts and the apartment was cozy and clean with a great location. I would definitely stay there again! Excelente trato, muy amables y cordiales. En la mejor disposición y ofreciendo siempre atención para que la estadía sea favorable y cálida. Sonia was very accommodating of our last minute stay. The bed was cozy and the apartment was close to nearby trains.  Sonias place is comfortable and they give great info about the area (if you werent familiar, we use to live there). They were understanding when our bus arrived late. Kindly the supplied a hairdryer (I forgot mine). And left us to our own devices. Small, cozy, comfortable room. You will enjoy your stay with them. Lemplacement est idéal ! Lappartement nickel étant donné que le but est uniquement dy dormir pour parcourir la ville H24. Je recommande  Sonia et ses collocs sont vraiment sympa et disponible à tout moment (par tchat par exemple). Nous avons testé le restaurant français de Sonia et avons été ravi de la découverte. Merci encore. Weve been for three days in NYC and this apartment is an excellent choice to visit the city. The apartment is Clean, bright and stylish, the bedroom maybe is a little bit small for two persons but the mattress was very comfortable. Metro stop is 2 minutes out and there are a lot of markets and restaurants around there. Sonia is very nice and friendly, she let us leave our luggage in the apartment even after the Check out. This is a perfect place to visit New York City for few days, I recommend it!! Sonia and Solène were incredibly kind and welcomed us into their home with open arms. They were very accommodating and let us leave our luggage at their apartment before check in time. The bed was extremely comfortable and their place is super neat. The neighborhood is definitely scary at night but its just a short walk to the subways which worked out great. The WiFi is fast and they even recommended a great pizza place to eat at. They were both so nice and made our first trip to New York very memorable! This was my first Airbnb and Sonia made it a great experience. I needed a place after I already was on my journey to NY and she accommodated me and my Girlfriend with no problems. Very clean, very attentive. She gave recommendations to local places and truly made us felt at home. Better than any hotel. Thank you Sonia for making my experience in NY better than I expected!  A bit smaller than I thought, the neighborhood at night is not the most friendly one.. it was ok, pretty net and clean apartment.. good restaurants and a nice coffee shop one block away. My 3rd stay here was wonderful.  Cosy space, quiet, great wifi and privacy! Sonia was so sweet! She welcomed us with a drink and made me and my friend feel safe while staying in NY. We came earlier than expected and she was able to accommodate us. Would stay with her again! The apartment and room was lovely and clean. We enjoyed staying here. It is close to the subway, shops and restaurants. Im glad we got to experience Harlem/Uptown Manhattan on our trip and we certainly enjoyed staying with Sonia & Solene. They are lovely hosts. Logement conforme à la description. Propre, facile daccès en métro. Chambre petite mais si vous êtes là pour visiter toute la journée cest suffisant pour y dormir à deux. The apartment was nice and clean and they were friendly. We didnt interact with them too much, but when we did we had positive experiences. Best place 美しく清潔な空間で過ごすことができます。Soniaさんはとても気配りをしてくれて尚且つプライベートな時間も大事にしてくれるので変な気を使わずに気持ちよく過ごす事ができます。長期間の滞在でしたが近くにコインランドリーやスーパーもあり駅からも近いので安心でした。またNYに訪れた際は是非またこちらに滞在したい! I stayed with Sonia and Solène with my girlfriend, and we had a wonderful stay. Solène was very welcoming, and the apartment was lovely, clean and super close to the subway. We also spent a day in New Haven, and it was convenient that Metro North was close by. We hope to come back again! As always a great visit. 2 thumbs up. They took us in last minute when hour original location had no heat. The space is perfect with just enough room. Its clean, welcoming and friendly. The room has a very pretty view and the block and neighborhood is just as pretty. They provided us with all the amenities we needed and more. Given the chance that Id stay in Harlem again, it would definitely be here. Quiet room and the perfect spot for exploring Harlem. Sonia & Solène are wonderful hosts, and I loved their pup Cognac!"	1
105	I dont recommend this accomodation. Because of next reasons. First of all, there is NO ventilation. You never will find fresh air in this room. Also this room is dark because there is no windows also. Secondly the room is dusty. Thirdly fridge is working very bad. Everything there became frozen. Lovely space, flexible, communicative, and easy to deal with as far as host. Space was perfect for the need and lovely for my short stay. Location is great and I was checked in well.   The really need to advertise that a guy lives in the living room and he works nights and sleeps in the day so there is no communal living space.   My room was fine I wouldnt have wanted to stay in it any longer though as there is no natural light or air and I definitely wouldnt stay there in the summer youd sweat to death. But it has good closet space and as I mentioned before a really great location in Manhattan.   The house gets messy because everyone is air bnb and doesnt care about the place. Add a cleaning charge to your air bnb costs and get a cleaner in once a week.   Just as described. Had such a great time!! Amazing location, fun people. Thanks for having me Lovely hosts and centrally located. If youre looking for a house with the basics covered - you go to AGs.  A.G.s place is a friendly place for anyone who visits. I can recommend staying there. And also, A.G. is a very nice guy who has some interesting stories to share! AGs place is in a great location in Manhattan. You can go to a lot of places by foot. The room isnt fancy but its worth your buck for a location like this (you shouldnt be staying a lot inside if youre in NYC anyway!). The checkin, the stay and the checkout all went very well. The room is quite small, but the house has everything you need. The location is great, close to metro stations and many restaurants/shops. Aleks is nice and friendly.	0
106	"We enjoyed our stay!! The home was very comfortable and awesome location! We were walking distance from stores and restaurants!! The trains were easy to find very close to the home. We had everything we needed as far as towels, space, eating utensils. We recommend to anyone who is looking for a vacation stay with out dealing with crazy hotel nonsense and chaos !! Thanks again for allowing our stay  AJs place was great! Im a veteran when it comes to staying at airbnbs throughout Astoria, and AJs apartment is in a perfect location. One block from all the restaurants and bars you need on 30th avenue, as well as the subway. Everything was fully equipped including utensils and a microwave in the kitchen, fresh towels and soaps in the bathroom, and fresh linens in the bedroom. It was very cozy and it was great that they had cable TV as well. They decorated the apartment nicely and utilized the space very well. Additionally, a guide was provided on the table with wifi information, local restaurants, and more. AJ was super friendly and quick in all of his communications with me, and I would absolutely stay at his place again. Thanks again! To say it in the simplest form, AJs studio was an exemplary Airbnb listing. Aside from perfect location, and an apartment with basically everything you would need while traveling, AJ was extremely  accommodating. He was very prompt, polite and willing to help. He answered all my questions and concerns thoroughly and quickly. He always made himself available, but not bothersome at all, like some hosts can be (in my experience). Being an avid airbnb user, this place has been my best experience, thus far. The location is superb; close to everything, like transportation, stores and restaurants. The neighborhood is also fairly peaceful. The apartment itself was very clean and cozy, just as described. They had this very informative book for their guests with menus, help with transportation and other information a traveler would need. ITS A MUST SEE! It was also great that they had cable. I felt right at home! I give this place a 10 out of 10! Thanks for the great stay! It was perfect! I would most definitely recommend and surely stay again.  The host was very welcoming and flexible with prices. However, the house itself was disappointing. The apartment does not have any sprinkler system and is flammable, according to its inspection report. The noise from the train was extremely loud and i couldnt get a good sleep. The apartment wasnt anything i saw in the photos. I will not recommend this housing, unless you cant afford anything else. Great stay with AJ! He was great, and accommodated us at short notice.  The apartment is in a fab location and was perfect for what we needed. Highly recommended. AJs apartment was a perfect location for getting around the city, it was everything we needed to get around New York. AJ was a great host, he was able to help us with all the questions we had during our stay. Id highly recommend a stay here! AJ was kind and professional. The space was convenient clean and safe. Thank you for a lovely stay! AJ was very accommodating with the key pickup and drop off. He explained how everything in the apartment worked. The bed is SUPER comfy and it was just what I needed for the weekend. The apartment is exactly like the photos and is literally in the heart of Astoria off of the 30Av stop. I had a great experience staying at the apartment and would definitely recommend it to others.  AJ is a great host. Everything was exactly as advertised, plus there were several touches that we appreciated. He has small bottles of shampoo and conditioner in the bathroom, there are both paper and regular plates in the kitchen and everything was clean and lovely. If youre considering Astoria, this is a perfect location and is a great size for two people with a similar schedule. You should note that it is a Junior 1BR, meaning the bedroom isnt separated by a door from the kitchen. Also, the bathroom is perfectly clean, but it is an older unit so there is some wear on the tiles and floor.  AJ was there to greet us. He was very accommodating. He was flexible on our arrival and departure times, which we appreciated.  He did check with us during our 8 day stay on line to make sure everything was OK. Apt was described accurately  on line and it was very secure. AJs place was just what I was looking for. Clean, comfortable and close to transportation routes. I only stayed for 1 night, but I definitely recommend it for more than that, if that is your plan. AJ will meet you and greet you at the door, show you the works and be out of your way, but a phonecall away if you need him! Top marks! Aj made our experience extremely convenient. He responded quickly to questions prior to the visit and checked in with me to make sure I was headed to the right location. Upon our arrival, he gave us a quick tour and told us we could leave the keys in the apartment when we checked out - so simple! The apartment was clean and tidy, exactly like the pictures, and was perfect for our one night stay in Astoria. The space was rather large for a NYC apartment which was a nice surprise and the bed was super comfortable. Excellent location with tons of restaurants and a mix of places to go out. Aj provided subway maps and suggested restaurants (with provided menus!). Overall, a great experience!! AJ met us at the apartment upon ""check-in."" He was flexible with our check-in and check out times, which we really appreciated.  The apartment was perfect for what we needed. We didnt spend much time in it since we were sightseeing all day. The bed was comfortable. The TV has cable. The a/c works great. There is a full kitchen, but we didnt use it. The water pressure in the shower was great. There is a hair blow dryer , my wife didnt use it B/c it was too hot and humid to have her hair down, but she thought that was a good plus. bathroom could use a bit more maintenance, but other than that it we just what we needed.  Location is perfect. Close to the N/Q train, 30th avenue station. Which is great b/c thats all we used to get around. There are some cafes around and a Mexican place we really enjoyed. 7/11 is nearby too.   Overall we had a great experience here.  My host greeted me at the apartment, even at the late hour. The apartment is small, but well equipped and functional. The bed was great and air conditioning kept the apartment comfortable. The apartment was also quiet. The neighborhood is great, close to the subway. Good restaurants nearby. The apartment is located in a safe and quiet neighborhood. Everything you need is within walking distance, metro station is only 3 minutes away. The living room is superb, has a huge, comfortable bed, a sofa, and decent A/C. The cable TV is big plus point! The bathroom and the kitchen are a bit old-fashioned but fully functional. Wed stay at this place again. good xommunication, was a little diffucult to coordinate entry. owner had to meet me at the property and was not sure of my schedule. ended up staying somewhere else the first night. but the place is great. clean. comfortable bed. hot water. safe area. We enjoyed our stay at AJs apartment.  It was a really good deal considering how you can have the whole apartment to yourself at a really interesting and safe neighborhood.  Its an old apartment but most affordable apts in NYC are old and this one is well furnished with modern amenities as pictured.  Theres lots of variety of food and groceries nearby and the train is within walking distance.  We would likely stay here again in the future! Place was great! Astoria is very close to all things, great place to recharge while getting a feel for the neighborhood  Quiet neighborhood. Apartment is just as described. Aj was responsive whenever I had a question and clear on check in/ check out instructions. I enjoyed my stay! Aj was very responsive to any questions we had. The apt. is in a nice location if you are visiting Astoria. The accessibility was easy and the bed was comfortable. Thanks Aj for the hospitality.     The photos are very accurate and the place matches its descriptions. The big advantage is the neighborhood: many markets, restaurants, coffee shops and a train station nearby. I would totally recommend this place for anyone who is looking for an affordable and well located place in NY.   A place to sleep, not to stay.  As described, the apartment is on the heart of Astoria, 5"" from the nearest subway. Astoria is a real melting pot and a cool neighborhood. Youll find almost everything you need: shops, coffee, bar, restaurant. Try the Brooklyn Bagel & Coffee Company, theres a lot over there.  Regarding the apartment, as always on Airbnb, do not believe the pictures. Its a non-lived apartment with minimum conditions; The living room is a mix of old furnitures and IKEA stuff, nothing really fancy. The mattress was tough and large which is nice. The A/C was just behind our head near the bed, so its impossible to sleep because of the noise, same with the fridge that we can hear it from the living room.  Impossible to say when the kitchen is dated because it was so oldish. Same with bathroom, you’ll have at least some pressure and hot water.  However, Aj was available and let us check-in earlier.  In conclusion if you need only to spend a couple of night, just to sleep, let’s say it’s enough but for other plans of longer trip I’ll recommend other places that you can find in Astoria for the same price. I found Aj to be a professional and polite host. Getting into the apartment was a breeze with the lockbox. For a studio, it was surprisingly spacious. It was also quiet at night.  There was plenty of hot water and excellent water pressure. The queen bed was fantastic.  Fast internet, too. Thank you! Nice bedroom but didnt like bathroom or kitchen was dirty.  The apartment is in a convenient location in Astoria, NY. Nice, quiet neighborhood with plenty of restaurants within an easy walking distance. Photos of living space are fair and accurate. Very comfortable queen bed. BUT - if cleanliness is an issue for you, I cannot recommend this apartment. Rug in the main room did not appear to have been vacuumed, but otherwise that space was comfortable enough. BUT - the bathroom condition is gross. Rugs and toilet seat cover are dirty and old. (Why not just remove them?) Used toothpaste tube was on the sink. Shower grout is literally black. If I had brought waterproof flip-flops, I would have worn them. Nasty, spongy mat was suction cupped to tub floor. I had to remove that before using. My bathroom at home is 70 years old and looks NOTHING like this, so the condition cannot be blamed on the age of the building. The kitchen, too, is old and filthy. For $110/night, this unit is subpar. Suggest you look elsewhere. Owner needs to spend a few $$ freshening up bath and kitchen. Could be a delightful spot.  We enjoyed our stay with AJ. The apartment was quiet but convenient to everything Astoria has to offer. Everything was as described in the listing. Bed was very comfortable and the air conditioning worked well to keep us cool during the heat wave. AJ was a great host, made check-in easy and was very quick with communications and responses. Thanks for the stay! The studio was just perfect for us. Next to N&Q trains that take you to center of Manhattan in a few minutes. The neighbourhood was nice and not so hectic as Manhattan so great to relax at night or have dinner at reasonable prices.  We did not meet the host in person but he responded promptly to any question. Totally recommended. The apartment was great! Perfect size and in a great location a few blocks from the subway.   The apartment itself was very nicely decorated and contained everything we needed! AJ was a good host and very communicative throughout our stay. Also, the apartment is in a great location near lots of great restaurants. However, these are definitely the only two good things about this place. The apartment itself has part of the ceiling falling down, curtain rods falling off the wall, a picture frame with missing pieces. All these things make the apartment look less than desirable and you can tell that there is no pride or love for this apartment. It seemed like a bunch of ikea furniture was bought solely for the purpose to be an Airbnb. Basically, if this place was maybe $80 for a night, than it would make more sense, but it was more and that is what made me mad.  Good apt. Exactly as described. The apartment is very convenient and quiet. However, the super of the building is not so friendly. The kitchen implements are not enough.  Квартира отличная - маленькая, но очень уютная и ухоженная, несмотря на то, что расположена в старом доме. Есть все, что необходимо для комфортного пребывания - посуда, кофеварка, утюг, фен и прочее. be    Расположение замечательное - рядом с метро и большим продуктовым магазином. Вечерами тихо и спокойно.   Хозяин контактный, готов ответить на любые вопросы, заинтересован в том, чтобы Ваше пребывание было комфортным.   Процедура заселения и выселения понятна и проста.   С радостью вернулись бы в эту квартиру снова!:)) Excellent location. This place is so comfortable and safe. I totally recommend it Great location - youre right in the heart of great restaurants, shops, bars, etc.  Aj was super helpful and clear and I would absolutely stay here again the next time Im in Astoria! Place is ok. Organization with the host was good. Location is good - 20 mins from downtown Manhattan. I would recommend it. Aj had plenty of opportunities to tell me how to enter the building and his apt before I arrived. Instead, I just got a code - with no indication of where the lockbox was! We actually got into the building because another tenant let us in. When we finally got the key, the top lock of the apt door was busted. Aj told us afterward that it has been busted for awhile and not to even use it. It would have been nice to know that! The door handle did absolutely nothing when turned. It was the lock above the handle that controlled the lock, which makes no sense because you need to unlock (which is the opposite direction of what you would think), and then turn it back in the other direction halfway, and then you just push the door open with your shoulder because it was practically falling off its hinges. That was a terrible first impression. It really soured me and put me in a bad mood.     During this whole experience, Aj finally got on a call with me but apparently the reception was poor because I had to yell for him to hear me. He seemed apologetic and tried to convey the fact that he wanted us to enjoy his stay but at that point, it was too late.    As for other aspects in the apt, there wasnt much there. There was a folder with a couple of take out menus, maps, instructions for the AC (which was hidden by the window curtain), etc. The TV was fine and there were plenty of channels, though the remote buttons were stuck or needed new batteries or something.     The bathroom picture is not totally accurate. The shower curtain is closed because the tiles were really grimy and just nasty. His cleaning guy did a bad job. None of the trash from the previous guest had been emptied and though it looks clean in the pictures, my wife and I did not trust that anything in the apartment really was.    It is close to the 30 Ave stop of the N train and we didnt feel unsafe at all but not much going on in this area, except for some Greek restaurants Lappartement était (Website hidden by Airbnb) manque un petit coup de balayeuse. Il manquait de serviettes, mais lemplacement est idéal. À 10 min en métro de Times Square. Et la station la plus proche est à 2-3 minutes. Plusieurs bons resto autour de lappartement. Ajs place was perfect! Exactly as described even though we didnt meet him he was a great host with any of our questions. It is in a GREAT location and SUPER close to the subway! I would stay here again in a heartbeat!  AJs apartment was great! Perfectly located in a neat neighborhood and just a block away from the N train that will take you straight into Midtown in about 10-15 minutes. AJ was very detailed and helpful in the check in ad check out process. I would definitely recommend this place to others and would stay here again.  Aj è sempre stato molto disponibile e gentile. Le informazioni che ci ha dato per raggiungere lappartamento erano chiare e la posizione della casa eccellente: vicina alla metro ( linee N,Q) a 4 fermate da manhattan. WI-FI funzionante. Appartamento composto da ingresso, salotto/camera da letto, bagno e cucinotto. Piccolo ma funzionale. Noi abbiamo avuto un problema di pulizia perché lappartamento  era in condizioni  igieniche non ottimali (lenzuola di dubbia pulizia e bagno evidentemente non pulito) ma appena contattato, Aj ci ha fornito il necessario per cambiare il letto e pulire il bagno. Se i problemi di pulizia fossero risolti in futuro, tornerei ad alloggiare qui. Ajs appartment has a good location close to the subway and the communication with him has been great, he let us leave our luggage earlier and was very kind to let us enjoy the city. The appartment is small and convenient, a bit of cleaning wouldnt hurt though. We only spend a night here and everything was okay, good neighborhood and plenty of places to eat. Perfect location in the Queens, close to the metro that brings you quickly to Manhattan. The appartment is cosy and was perfect for a 3 nights stay Great place! Comfy bed!! Very clean.  Great location.  Close to the subway 30ave stop very close to the city  also your basically on 30av which is has a great food scene place was comfy everything worked as according I enjoyed my stay  Doors were a little tricky, but not too bad.  Excellent location! Very convenient. Great communication... will deff recommend!  Awesome location, just a couple blocks from the Subway which will take you into Manhattan in no time. The apartment is quiet which made for a relaxing break from the bustle of the city. Aj was very quick to respond to any questions.  AJs place was great! The building is older, so the apartment does have some wear and tear and needs some TLC, but the location and price cant be beat. The walls are thin, so you hear other residents walking around, but Im a pretty light sleeper and hardly noticed. The apartment is a short walk to the subway and a 10-15 minute ride into the city. It is close to lots of places to eat and even a little grocery store with affordable organic and fresh products. The worst part about the place is the doors/locks. The locks to get into the building and into the apartment are VERY tricky. Dont use the top lock on the apartment door! Once you figure the locks out, its not so bad, but trying to get the front door open for 20 minutes can definitely put you in a bad mood. This place was perfect for people who do not want to stay in downtown Manhattan but want to travel there during the day. My boyfriend and I stayed here three nights and it was the perfect place to come back to after a long day downtown. The keys are a little tricky but Ajs apartment was spotless, comfortable, and provided wonderful amenities. I highly suggest staying here if you want to unwind at the end of the day in a quiet neighborhood with some good, local food. For the price, this place is legit. The pros: amazing location (right off the N/W line), spacious place, and communicative host. The cons: getting in and out of the building, as others have said in their reviews, was sometimes a challenge. The building key is finicky - sometimes it worked like a dream, sometimes youd be standing outside for 15 minutes, hoping for a miracle. Luckily we were never in a rush to get in so it worked fine for us. The other con: this place is definitely not the cleanest Ive stayed in. For the price, though, you get what you pay for! If cleanliness is your priority, Id suggest looking elsewhere. We were only there to sleep and shower so it was fine for the few nights we stayed there. AJ was helpful throughout our stay and the condo was quiet and safe. Astoria is amazing and for the price, this place worked well for us.  + location near metro station 5 min. walk + crocery shop  next to apartment + good communication with AJ - photos published on AIRBNB are better than the actual condition of apartment - Old and worn apartment and its facilities. - dust on furniture and on the floors - odor - in fridge he left his own food - in bathroom were his personal hygiene matters  AJ is an awesome host; very accommodating!  AJ was beyond accommodating and flexible. He left everything ready for check in and check out, and it could not have gone better. He was available as well for anything we needed. He was a great host and he truly helped make our trip even better!  Great location  I am giving a low rating to this apartment for one reason: it was quite dirty.  I am not a super squeamish person, but food crumbs and human hair all over the couch? I found that pretty disgusting, so I left and went to a hotel instead.  This was a vacation for me, not a business trip, I wanted to have a couple of relaxed days, not a couple of days cleaning after other people (I do that at my house all the time!)  I did not expect my money back, and I did not want to spend my NYC vacation quarreling with Aj or Airb&b.  If Aj can clean up the place for real, maybe get a new couch, then the place would be fine.  The locks are really hard to work, and there is no elevator, so it can be hard to carry a heavy suitcase up a narrow flight of stairs. Ajs apartment/studio was nothing but cozy. He was very flexible with check in and out times. The pictures that he posts are exactly what you get. We didnt use the kitchen that much. The locks to the two front doors to get into the apartment complex were definitely tricky but the actual apartment door was easy to get in. He was very fast to respond to any complications I had. I would definitely come back if I ever stay in Astoria again.  This was a great valued apartment/studio for the night.  The best part about it was the fact that you are 2 blocks from the subway and literally 20 min. from almost anywhere in Manhattan.  I would stay here again for sure. Location, location, location.  The subway is not very far and there are a ton of amazing restaurants and bars nearby. Very close to Manhattan as well. Great host and cozy and quiet home. The neighborhood is extremely safe as well. Flat needs a deep clean particularly the bathroom. A simple throw would have covered the stains on the sofa. There may have been a sofa bed underneath the bed but it was surrounded by dust and rubbish. AJ was great! my friend and I couldnt work out the key safe and he came right out to help us (we were being a bit dim it was really simple to open). Great location. Would recommend. First, do not expect ""new and improved"". This is an older building and ""bright and shiny"" should not be thought of. If you follow Ajs check -in instructions you will not find anything ""tricky"" about entry with the possible exception of ""two"" lock boxes outside but obviously, if combination does not work on one, try the other.  Location is probably best aspect of this unit and if you need anything, Aj is accessible and nearby. Great location!!! A nice and cosy place. Great location nearby metro station and many shops and restaurants. Not the cleanest appartment ever, but its fine if you spend most of the time in the city, like us. We reccomend the place. Great location (5 min walk from train station), excellent communication, clean space. Thank you, AJ. This space was perfect for a weekend getaway to the city. We stayed at Aj’s for two nights. This was our first Airbnb experience, so opening the locked box that held the key was challenging for us, but once we got it open, the apartment was easy to access. The apartment was a loft style set up with a decent size bathroom and kitchen. There were clean towels waiting for us in the bathroom, and a comfy couch to sit on in the sitting area. The bathroom could’ve been a lot cleaner, but the the quiet neighborhood, and other amenities completely made up for it. AJ’s place is great for anyone who wants to get out and see the city. Close walk to the subway. Not a huge space but a comfy bed near the TV if you want sleep in or watch some shows/movies. AJ is quick to respond for help and questions. Would definitely stay here again. Thanks AJ! 10/10 location. Comfy bed. AJ was very accessible when we had questions. Good value. Apartment itself is about a 5/10. Very close to the subway. Hes very quick to respond to any questions we had and the place was clean and cozy Very Nice small apartment. Felt like home. Just blocks away from train station. Loved my stay at Ajs!"	0
107	I stayed over at Rons place during my 1 week visit to NYC. The place was exactly as described and better than I had imagined.    First thing to note is that it is extremely clean (bathroom specifically.) I am picky when it comes to bathroom cleanliness and Rons studio was spotless even by my harsh standards.    Bathroom / kitchen area may seem a tad small if you are visiting from other parts of the country at first but it is a very comfortable size by NY standards. Ive visited friends places while I was here and can say that Rons place was in the upper tier when it comes to size and comfort.    Internet was amazing and if you are an Apple fan youd appreciate all the AirPlay enabled systems (music) and docking stations (charging).     Bed was comfortable and clean. Quiet at night. Extra futon can be had with convertible couch but I didnt get to use it.    Location is great. 2 minutes walk from the red line (1/2/3) subway which could take you up and down Manhattan easily. Or you can opt for the other lines thats 1 block away but why bother?    Cab is easy to catch on the corner of 7th and 24th.     Feels safe enough to walk to/from studio even at 3am - but that seems to be the case in most of Manhattan. Just be smart as you would anywhere.    Ron himself was fantastic. He waited for me if when my flight was delayed for an hour and the cab took forever to catch (I was 1.5 hours later than when I said I would arrive.) He showed me everything around the apartment before handing me the keys. He also checked up throughout the week via text seeing if my stay was well. It was.    Closet can be small (but again good for NY standard.) But if you move some unused hangers around you should still be able to hang up 6/7 pieces. Which was all I brought that needed to be hung up anyway.    Didnt get to use the kitchen / laundry (in basement) / TV / printer but they are available.    Doorman was cool. Just have to remind them you are staying there when going in/out of building.    Price was fair. Will definitely repeat if visiting NYC again. Rons place let our first visit to NY be a very comfortable one. It is definitely a high tech surrounded equipments with elegantly designed apartment. Ron was very helpfull. The place was tidy and can be considered in the heart of Manhattan. If we have a second chance to visit NY we definitely try our chance at the same place.  I will definitely advise here to everyone. (Just look at the pics. Everything is real. Even there is more.) Ron & his place are awesomeness on toast... squared.     Ron was extremely responsive and helpful at all times, even while on the other side of the world.    His studio is devine. A perfect place in a perfect location.    Transport: there are 3 different subway lines within 1.5 blocks of the studio. This means you can get basically anywhere fast. Including to/from the airport.     Grocerys: there are 3 grocery stores on the same block as the studio. Whole Food is across the street and amazing. Plus 2x 24hr grocery/pharmacy shops at the other end of the block.    Chelsea: the perfect peaceful green neighbourhood.     The Bed: Ive stayed in hotels all over the world. Ive never slept in a more comfortable bed than the one in Rons studio.    Security: with a 24hr doorman security is no issue. I walked the streets at all hours. No problems.    Access: ground floor, for instant access. Plus an elevator down to the laundry.    So all in all I dont think Rons place could be any better for a stay in Manhattan. A perfect peaceful oasis in the noisy crazy nonstop world of New York.  The studio is indeed exquisite, nice building, very comfortable, great location and plenty of cool resources - huge TV, perfectly working wifi, remote controlled dimmer, brand new expresso machine, etc. Ron was impeccable as a host. We had a great time and we strongly recommend it. Rons apartment was perfect.  We were in New York for the weekend and his Chelsea apartment was in a great location.  We were near the subway lines, within walking distance to Greenwich Village, the High-line, and even Times Square.   The apartment had everything we needed and Ron was very easy to reach if we had any questions.  We would highly recommend his apartment.  This apartment is fantastic! We had such a great time staying here! The whole foods market is amazing and it is just across the road. This apartment is in an ideal location. It is very close to subway lines (less than 1 block walk to 2 different lines), however still within easy walking distance to Times Square and other Manhattan attractions. Chelsea has such a great feel and is very close to the Meatpacking District and the Chelsea High Line. The apartment was spotless when we arrived, and has a robot vacuum cleaner which kept it that way during our whole stay. It is a large apartment by New York standards and has plenty of room to relax. It has fast wireless internet, desktop computer, iPod/iPhone and iPad chargers, printer, huge TV (including cable TV channels), surround sound system (including wireless iPod/iPhone speakers) and air-conditioning/heating. The bed was the most comfortable bed we have ever slept in, very important when trying to recover from jet-lag! The building has easy-to-use and convenient clothes washing and drying facilities, and is very secure and safe with a 24 hour doorman. Finally, we could not have asked for an easier host to deal with. Ron is very efficient with communications and personally met us at the apartment to show us around and hand over the keys. He is very friendly and was eager to help us with local restaurants and attraction recommendations. We would definitely book Rons apartment next time we visit New York and we will certainly be telling friends and family about our perfect experience with Ron and airbnb. Rons apartment in NYC is at an ideal location, within minutes to subway stations, a great natural foods supermarket and a ton of great restaurants and bars all within a couple blocks. The neighborhood (Chelsea) was wonderful. The apt is quiet, extremely clean and well decorated. Ron was extremely helpful prior to my arrival answering questions I had about his place, the area and all about the electronic devices that he has and offer confort for the guest. Easy to organize with and flexible. I had a great stay and look forward to staying again when I am back in town. I highly recommend staying at his place, you cant go wrong! Fantastic stay. We stayed in Rons apartment over Christmas and New Years and it was just perfect for our stay in New York! Ron was great and replied straight away to any questions I had and he sent me emails before we got there with details about his apartment and places to see/ where the subway was etc. The apartment was immaculately clean, the tv is huge and the little kitchen was handy- like having breakfast in the morning before we went out for the day.It also is very quiet and the bed was comfortable! The location is perfect with subways right near to get around manhattan and plenty of great restaurants around. I would definitely recommend staying at Rons place to anyone who is looking to live like a New Yorker whilst staying there. Ron is such a friendly host and I wouldnt hesitate to stay there again! Thanks again Ron  Lappartement est très bien situé : plusieurs lignes de métro a côté, supermarché dans la rue, ...Il est très propre et correspond parfaitement aux photos. Il est très bien équipé : wifi, Tv avec câble, dock iphone, cuisine équipée,...  Quant à Ron, il est un hôte très minutieux et très organisé. Il a répondu à toutes nos questions et reste facilement joignable.  Je recommande.  We have a great time at Ron apartment. He is a great host and we had an excellent comunication! The place has all you need, exactly as shown in photos and very clean! The subway  is in the corner and theres an organic market in the same street! Bed excellent!!! We feel at home! Rons is the perfect place to start enjoying this fantastic city. Located in The best neighbourhood near everything the partment is like you see in the pictures. Nice. Super clean, with all the technology to make the experience more fun (a super size TV, lights that turn on and off by themselves, a robot that vacums at its own comand....), a confortable bed, an amazing shower and all the stuff that you need to need nothing else. Studio is large and confortable and bathroom kind of small, but with a perfect taste and an amazing shower!!!  Ron is a great host. Very responsive, he even called us from abroad to help us to find the TV remote, he stayed in contact with us before arrival and during our stay. For sure we will recommend this place for a couple or a single traveller. Thank you Ron for the lovely moments we spend in your apartment!!!  Chris and Walter. The place was extremely clean and tidy.  Very spacious for a New York studio unit.  Ron was always extremely prompt at replying to all questions, and seemed to be accessible at all hours...    Location was perfect,  easy access to subway and right in Chelsea...   I thoroughly enjoyed my stay and would recommend the place to anyone else looking to stay in manhattan... I spent 6 nights in Rons apartment in July. As you can see from my rating, I had no issues whatsoever. The place is spacious, the technology easy to use and the bed comfy. The location was perfect and made it very easy to get around during my first time in NYC. Ron is always available and touched base to make sure everything was alright. I would definitely come again! Ron was a friendly, helpful and accommodating host. His communication was clear and prompt. The apartment was clean, comfortable and secure, and in a great location.  Notre expérience chez Ron nous a permis de passer un excellent séjour à NY.  Il a été prévoyant en nous envoyant à lavance une clef de lappartement au cas où il ne serait pas sur place à notre arrivée.  Appartement très propre, très bien rangé, très bien situé. Stations de métro très proche ce qui facilite les déplacements dans tout Manhattan.  Ron est joignable à tout moment, il est serviable et répond quasi immédiatement aux sms. Le PC fourni fonctionne très bien et aucun problème avec la connexion wifi pour le téléphone portable.  Logement recommandé à 100%! We had a great experience staying one week at Rons apartment. The place is in a great neighborhood, with the metro right at the corner, and the apartment was absolutely clean and functional. Ron was an excellent host and provided us with all the information we needed from the first moment we contacted him. It was our first time with airbnb and he has contributed to make the experience completely satisfying.  I absolutely recommend his apartment to any person or couple. Ron was a great host! He always made himself available and his apartment was clean and cosy. Its also located in a great neighborhood with easy access to the subway, supermarket and great cafes. Our stay at Ron’s place was great, Ron is a great host, he showed us all that we needed to know and his place was clean and had all the necessities that we needed. It was easy to feel comfortable and the apartment is quite, no disturbing noise from neighbors or from outside environment, thanks Ron! Me and my wife spent one week in Rons place and the apartment was in a word great. It was exactly like in the photos and really clean. We were stunned how quiet it was in such a big city, slept like babies. The location was excellent: two major subway lines right around the corner, walking distance from the Times Square (15 min) and fabulous food market across the street. Ron was the best host you could imagine. He was very helpful and provided us with great info beforehand. During our stay, he was on holiday himself but was always available and responded super fast to all our questions. If you are planning a holiday in NYC, look no further. :) Our experience with Ron was very excellent. Everything started with the booking and the first exchange of info between him and us. He sent us prior the door key of the apartment and this was very a good idea! No problem with this! The apartment was very clean and very quiet. No noise from outside or from neighbors! Excellent. His apartment is in a very convenient area and so close to everything thanks to the subway n. 1, A and E trains. You can reach every area of Manhattan easily! And what else... Really thank you to Ron for his help and kindness. He wrote us several text messages before coming in NY and he was always available for us. So... Many thanks again. Everybody can choose this apartment for next vacation in the most beautiful town of the world. Me and my husband had a great experience one week in Rons apart. Ron was the best host you could imagine, extremely prompt at replying to all questions, friendly and genteel.   The apartment was really clean and tidy. Were feel comfortable due quiet and darkness, so we slept like babies. The location was excellent: two major subway lines right around the corner, allowed to us make several stops during the day ( perfect for shoppers).  It was our first time with airbnb and he has contributed to make the experience completely satisfying.   I absolutely recommend his apartment to any person or couple.    Grazie & Rafa Nice apartment, clean and well-appointed. Very well located, with all you need near the apartment. Ron is a very good host. Ron est un hôte très accueillant et prévenant, nous avions déjà reçu les clefs quelques semaines avant et il était là à notre arrivée, joignable facilement pendant le séjour. Le studio était conforme aux photos, propre et agréable, près des stations de métros, très bien placé! On appréciait bien de revenir à lappartement après des grosses journées de marche et de visites!! De plus il est calme donc on a pu bien dormir.  En plus lordinateur à disposition nous a été bien utile!  Merci Ron! Ron has been an excellent host. We have traveled with our baby and we have not had any problems. Ron sent us the keys to Spain by mail, sent us some clips of the operation of each appliance and allowed us to use the MAC, home cinema, Nespresso, etc. The apartment is very well located in a very nice neighborhood, next to several subway lines, supermarkets, restaurants, etc. The apartment is tastefully decorated and has everything you need. Undoubtedly repeat. Ron was a fantastic host, he was very thoughtful and kind. When we arrived we had a lovely note from Ron and some chocolates to welcome us. He was always checking to make sure we were ok and if we needed anything. I would love to stay at Rons again as it was it the best location, close to everything you need. Ron was extremely friendly and efficient from our first email exchange. He could not have been more helpful and was unexpectedly there to meet us, although he had previously posted us the key.  He even left us chocolate and offered us the use of all his equipment  in the apartment and showed us how everything worked.  The apartment was larger than we expected, spotlessly clean, and in an excellent, very quiet location, close to the subway, restaurants and a really good whole food supermarket. Ron kept in touch during our stay, checking that all was well.  We would have no hesitation in recommending this studio. We had the most amazing experience in NY and a lot of it relates to the amazing apartment weve stayed in. That was our first experience with airbnb and we had some concerns before arrival. Im glad to say the result exceeded our expectations.   The apartment is beautiful, very very clean, spacious and comfortable. It was so great returning to the place after a long day of touring the city.  The apartment is exactly as described and seen in the pics. It is wonderful for 2 people, with very comfortable bed and sofa, huge HD TV with cables, heating, great bath and other cool gadgets. It was very quite as well which was absolutely great.  The location of the apartment was the best you can ask for, on 24th st. & 7th with 2 mins walking distance to the subway and with a wonderful variety of restaurants, cafes and pubs and a great Whole Foods market store just across the street.   Few words about Ron who was amazing in making sure everything was to our satisfaction throughout the stay. He was very communicative, before and during the stay and assisted us in various things, from great places to eat in the area, transport advises etc.  We highly recommend Rons place. Book it with no hesitations as it would make your trip so much better in that wonderful city.  Το διαμέρισμα ήταν ακριβώς όπως περιγράφεται στις φωτογραφίες. Πολύ καθαρό, όμορφο, ζεστό, μοντέρνο και άνετο! Η περιοχή είναι από τις καλύτερες που θα μπορούσε κανείς να μείνει στο Μανχάταν. Ήσυχα, με 2 κεντρικούς σταθμούς μετρό πολύ κοντά. Είναι πολύ κοντά σε όλα τα κεντρικά σημεία, μπορεί κανείς να πηγαίνει παντού με τα πόδια! Η Times Square απέχει 10 λεπτά με τα πόδια, αλλά και όλα τα hot μέρη downtown είναι προσβάσιμα με τα πόδια επίσης! Στην περιοχή κοντά στο διαμέρισμα υπάρχουν πολλά ωραία εστιατόρια και bars, τα οποία και επισκεφθήκαμε.  Ο Ron ήταν άψογος, μας έδινε συμβουλές και προτάσεις για τα πάντα! Μας είχε στείλει οδηγίες για όλα από πριν φτάσουμε. Επίσης, μας υποδέχτηκε με ιδιωτική ξενάγηση στη θέα του Μανχάταν όπου ήταν καταπληκτικά!   Ήταν η πρώτη μας φορά τόσο στη Νέα Υόρκη, όσο και στο Airbnb και το απολαύσαμε κάθε στιγμή!  What and absolutely amazing experience it was to stay at Rons Place. To start with the location was just perfect! It was such a nice quiet street but just around the corner from great restaurants and the subway is also just around the corner, so it was easy to get anywhere we wanted. Ron was such an amazing host. He was there to check us in and make sure we were all set for our stay. He made great suggestions and continued to make sure we were all fine be throughout our trip! Ron was in NY during our stay so he would even come and see us to make sure everything was ok. Any questions we had he was totally happy to help with! If we ever come back we will definitely stay here again. Totally recommend Rons place. For a true experience of what its like to live like a New Yorker you must stay at Rons apartment! This was my first Air BnB experience and when comparing prices between a local hotel and booking Rons place, Im so glad I took a chance on Air BnB. The location is perfect, set in a quiet street (Yes, quiet in the heart of NYC... I was surprised too!) in a safe and trendy suburb.     There is a subway stop at the end of the street, which is a saviour after a long day of walking and shopping. The wholefoods supermarket across the road is brilliant and you are within walking distance to some fantastic local restaurants and bars.     Ron was the perfect host. Communicating with me regularly right up until my arrival, he even posted me a set of keys well in advance as I wasnt due to arrive until midnight. After 30 hours of flying, it was nice to be able to arrive at the apartment and let myself in with no check-in procedure. Super easy!     The apartment itself was clean, with fresh linen and bedding. The internet is fast, the bed is comfy and my friend slept on the fold out couch which was also comfy. Ron checked in with me regularly to make sure everything was ok and was even a great source when asking for tips on local bars to drink at etc. The bottles of water and box of chocolates upon arrival were a nice touch too!     Ron, thanks for letting me enjoy your pad! I will definitely be booking with you again for my next NYC holiday.     Cheers,  Ben  Australia         This was our (my wife and me) first AirBnb experience and I can sum it in one word: amazing.    Ron sent us keys before we even came, but we forgot em, and still he found time to leave us spare key as well. Apartment is just as described and seen on photos, in a great part of NY.  Whole food market is very near, as well as sub-way stations. Couple of blocks within MSG, 5th avenue,  etc, etc. I should also mention that Ron was available all the time, responding in a minute to our every need, question, even concerned if everything is fine. Were very grateful for his time and will to accommodate us in a same manner that 5 star hotel would do (but for much greater price). He gave us some recommendation regarding restaurants (thanks for that banana pudding ---> amazing:) ), so simply: he was the perfect host. I can only recommend this apartment to anyone who is visiting. You cant make a mistake with booking this apartment. Location, host, simply everything deserves AAAA+ recommendation.     Big big thank you:) The studio was really nicely furnished and conveniently located near the subway station and across a Wholefoods. Ron was really helpful - he personally showed me around the place a day before I moved in and was very accommodating with move in and move out times. He was always available via email and text. Would recommend!  We had a fantastic time staying in Rons lovely apartment in Chelsea.  The apartment was perfect, exactly as described and shown in the photos, meticulously clean and had everything we needed to make our stay comfortable - a comfortable bed, soft towels and a coffee machine!  The location is amazing and provided easy access to everything we wanted to see and do.  Ron was a very attentive host and answered all of our queries and more.  We would highly recommend this apartment and Ron as a host and hope to stay here again soon. Rons place is, in a word: AWESOME! Its clean, has lots of room (even for a studio), is very well maintained, and is very comfy (the bed is one of the best weve ever slept in!). Ron really goes above and beyond for his guests, forwarding us a key in advance of our stay and sending us all the details of the accommodation. He always responds promptly to any queries and also checked in with us to ensure all was ok with our stay. The location is superb, with the subway at the end of the block giving us easy access to the whole city. Its also close by to some great place to eat/drink (The Cookhouse being our favourite).    In summary: you can be totally assured of a really great stay. Ron is the very model of a perfect host and, if we ever return to NYC, well be sure to stay again. Thanks Ron!!  Apartment was in a great location, near several subway lines.  Ron was super helpful and sent through detailed information prior to our stay as he wasnt going to be in town while we were there.  We did have a few minor issues with wifi not working and problems with the toilet plumbing but Ron quickly fixed them as soon as he was back in town. Fantastic location convenient to everything in the city. Whole Foods right across the street was an added bonus. Place was a little tight for two, but worthwhile for the prime location. Ron communicated well, mailed a key in advance, and was very accommodating. Ron was extremely responsive and everything went smoothly, from our communication to being able to enter the apartment from the minute I arrived in NYC. Ron checked in to make sure I was there and also the next day, in case I had any questions.  Everything about the apartment is straightforward and intuitive.  Its also quiet which is something I am always looking for in NY.  Chelsea is centrally located and within walking distance of everything, in my opinion.  Good place for 1 - 2 people.   Ron was a wonderful host. Communication was excellent from start to finish. The flat was impeccably clean and smelt so lovely. The location was perfect and it was easy to access convenient stores and get around the city. I would definitely recommend this flat and Im looking forward to my next trip!  Ron is very nice person. He mailed us key in advanced so we can check-in no matter what time we arrive. That helped us very much since we arrived to city at 11pm. Apartment was confortable for two of us and had everything we needed. Ron even took us to the skyscraper roof where his friend has an apartment so we can see the city view. We had a good time. Ron was an excellent host! Everything was clean, the studio is perfectly located near the 7th and the subwaystation is just around the corner! Communication was uncomplicated and fast!! We would come again!! זה הנסיון הראשון שלנו ב  airbnb  והוא היה מוצלח מאד ומומלץ!!!! הדירה נמצאת במיקום מעולה: בשכונה שקטה, קרובה למספר קווי סבווי ובמרחק הליכה מהרבה מקומות אטרקטיביים. רון הוא פשוט המארח המושלם: תמיד זמין, נחמד מאד ועוזר בכל שאלה, בקשה, ובעיה. תמיד הרגשנו נוח לפנות אליו גם בדברים שלא קשורים לדירה.  רון שלח את המפתחות וההוראות הגעה והפעלה הרבה זמן לפני שהגענו. והכל היה נח והסתדר מצוין בלי בעיות!   הדירה היתה ממש נוחה, עם כל הציוד הדרוש ואף מעבר לכך!!! היינו במשך 8 ימים והרגשנו כמו בבית. אין ספק שבפעם הבאה נחזור The apartment is as described in the listing. Chelsea is a super neighborhood. The apartment is well suited to walking around there as well as to NoMad, Flatiron, Meatpacking and Madison Square Garden/Penn Station area. The apartment is quiet at night as it faces an interior courtyard rather than the street. The big screen tv and wifi are great. Very convenient location to Penn station, and Chelsea neighborhood. Comfortable and sizeable apartment. Ron is very attentive and always checking in to make sure you have everything you need. Very comfortable bed! Woukd definitely stay again. Great location, secure building, good variety of amazing restaurants, close to transit, polite and helpful instructions from host Dons place is amazing!  Everything you need is near the area.  Subway is just around the corner.  Whole foods is just across the street.  The highline, Chelsea and Flat Iron is very walkable.   But the best thing about this place is the host. He is very accommodating. Answers all my queries within seconds. Gave good restaurant recommendations, constantly checks if everything is ok.  He made sure that we are comfortable and place is very clean for us.  The small details in his place is an added bonus.  This place has been our home for 10 days and sould highly recommend to all.  We just checked out this morning and had a great week. He was very quick and thorough with communication and made sure we were good the whole way through. He provided a lot of recommendations and all of the information we needed. His place is a great location if you want to walk around New York and/or use public transit but was also quiet and dark in the evenings and mornings for sleeping in. It really makes it feel like you are living in the city.  We would definitely stay here again!! Don est un super hôte, Très serviable et disponible.  L appartement est tres Bien situé pour pouvoir découvrir et se balader à New York , proche du métro , des commodités , ...  je le recommande vivement !!! Hemos tenido una estancia estupenda. Nos ha gustado mucho el apartamento y el anfitrión. Destacaría sobre todo la ubicación. Muy recomendable. Before I get into my thoughts on the place, I wanted to begin by complementing Don on being such a great host. From the time I began the reservation, to when I checked out, Don was always available. In addition to the great communication, he made me feel like I was at home.   Just like the host, the place was great. I needed easy access to the subway system, and I got it with this location. Also, walking to the stations, or any one of the great places to shop and eat in the area, day or night, I felt safe and at ease.   The place itself was extremely clean and organized when I arrived. Plenty of room to move around, along with enough storage space for your items if taking an extended trip. Both the sofa and bed were very comfortable. Entertainment within the place was provided via cable and internet streaming, both of which were quite reliable and fast.   Overall I would highly recommend Dons place! We loved staying in this apartment! It’s in a great neighborhood, across from whole foods. I felt very safe and there’s a doorman which makes you feel extra secure. We will definitely return! Wir waren eine Woche über Silvester zu Gast bei Ron. Ron war wirklich sehr gut erreichbar. Wann immer wir Fragen hatten, konnten wir ihn erreichen. Er hat uns ausführliche Tipps und Informationen über die Wohnung mit auf dem Weg gegeben und dafür gesorgt, dass unser Aufenthalt entspannt und reibungslos war. Durch den 24-Stunden-Portier haben wir uns stets sehr sicher gefühlt. Das Appartement war sehr sauber und mit neuester Technik (TV) ausgestattet. Die Lage ist sehr ruhig und doch ist man in wenigen Blocks direkt am Times Square. Wir können das Appartement und Ron als Gastgeber wärmstens weiterempfehlen. :-)	1
108	This was my first time using Airbnb. I think that my boyfriend and I really lucked out with finding Kimberly and her beautiful apartment. She responded quickly to all messages, was there when we arrived, showed us her place, and told us to makes ourselves at home. She was very accommodating and even gave us an amenities kit just in case we happened to need something. Her place was absolutely spotless and in a really great location. Overall, we were very pleased with our stay. Thanks, Kimberly! Kimberly and Mark have beautiful well kept apartment. Her welcome guide was very useful. The apartment is located in a great location, tons of bars and restaurants. Thank you!!  Kimberly has a lovely apartment and you couldnt ask for a better location! An amazing stay! the apartment is beautiful and in an awesome location close to everything you need and want in Williamsburg.The hosts were very helpful - overall an awesome stay.  Kimberlys place is in such a great location in Williamsburg, within walking distance of all the neighborhood has to offer and just a short subway ride to Manhattan.  The apartment was clean with lots of space and light; it comfortably slept four of us adults. We really could not have asked for a better setup.  Kimberly was quick to respond to any questions and getting into the place could not have been easier.  Id highly recommend this for anyone looking for a place to stay while exploring the best of Manhattan and Brooklyn. Kimberly has a lovely apartment in the midst of a lively Brooklyn neighborhood. Her communication from the beginning was great and the check-in/check-out process went perfectly according to the guidebook she provided before our visit. The only drawback to the apartment is that there are no blinds or curtains for the main room, so the two people who slept out there were awoken pretty early by blazing sunlight. Also, the one AC unit is in the main room and it doesnt do the greatest job cooling down the bedroom next to it. I think it would be best to invest in curtains and another AC unit for the bedroom. However, this was only a minor detraction and overall we had a wonderful time! Just back from a wonderful stay at Kimberlys apartment in Williamsburg. Kimberly couldnt have been more helpful and her correspondence ensured our arrival was stress free and our stay relaxing. We loved the beautiful apartment which was perfect for my husband and I and two teenage sons. It really felt like home. Williamsburg was the perfect base to explore NYC and Brooklyn. We even had an evening in Coney Island and a day trip to New Jersey. This was our first time using AirBnB and will certainly not be our last. I recommend Kimberly and her apartment without hesitation but please dont book it when I want to return to New York! Kimberly was a fabulous host inspite of never meeting her in person. The apartment was everything as discribed and the instructions for access, and use of everything worked great.  Great location and great space.  Kimberly did an amazing job setting up the place for us. It was very stress free and fun! I would love to stay there again.  Kimberly did an excellent job communicating prior to our visit, and most of what made our visit so great was the thoroughness of her welcome packet. It contained very clear directions on how to get into her place, a thorough description of the electronic amenities, and most importantly, an excellent rundown of choice restaurants and bars in the area. I had come into our weekend with a bunch of places to eat and drink mapped out ahead of time, but my girlfriend and I found ourselves often going with Kimberlys recommendations and always had our expectations surpassed.    Kimberly was also extra accommodating by granting a last-minute request for a couple hours extra for check-out, for which we were very grateful. Kimberlys apartment is located in one of the most cool areas in Brooklyn.  It is surrounded by hundreds of cozy little restaurants,  bars and stores.  The apartment is absolutely beautiful having plenty of sunlight. If you are looking for a real NY experience,  you must check this spot.   It was really easy to be in touch with Kimberly.  She provided all the information needed to have a great experience in the neighborhood.   I truly recommend this place and for sure,  I d love to come back! Out stay in Kims apartment was just fantastic. Everything was as described in the posting. The communication was great, everything was spotlessly clean and she was flexible to accommodate our check in and check out times. The apartment location is great and it was very comfortable even for 4 people. I would totally stay here again in my next visit to NYC!  Kimberlys place rules. She was out of town during our stay so we didnt get to meet face to face, but she was very accessible and made sure we were still taken care of upon arrival. The neighborhood is great, so many places to eat and grab coffee! I would recommend Devocion for coffee. Its one of my favorite spots in Brooklyn and I was pleased to find out its only a 5 min walk from Kims place! The accessibility to the J and L train lines was also a huge perk. We always spend a lot of time in the East Village which is only one train stop away on the L train from Brooklyn, but you can get anywhere relatively quickly from this location. Its prime for sure. Overall we are very happy with our stay here and will definitely be back. Kimberlys place is bright and cozy, centrally located in Williamsburg close to a lot of restaurants and bars. I would recommend to anybody looking to stay in Brooklyn. Great location and nice flat. We definitely enjoyed our stay and would come back and stay again. Thank you  Very nice apartment well located in Williamsburg, not far from the metro L line, restaurants, bars, groceries, lovely (Website hidden by Airbnb) is also very well furnished and clean. We didnt see Kimberly as she wasnt in the city, but the organization of our arrival and stay was perfect! We do recommend this place and sure we come back here next time in NY. Spacious and peaceful. Central location for accessing Manhattan and the rest of Brooklyn. Some very cool spots within a few blocks from the place.  Kimberlys apartment was a great place and exactly as advertised. She was very prompt in answering questions and it was a great trip. I would recommend staying here! What a great location in the midst of restaurants, shops, near Whole Foods, in the heart of Williamsburg. It’s an easy walk to the L train, so its easy to get into Manhattan.  Kimberley’s place is spacious, with a fully equipped kitchen for making breakfasts or whatever.  You can heat things on the stove top or in the oven, though there’s no microwave.  The apartment overlooks a park with a playground, so there’s a tree filled view from the huge windows.  The building is so quiet that you can’t hear the other neighbors in their apartments.  We would happily stay there again when we visit. This apartment is in a great spot in Williamsburg with lots of restaurants and bars nearby. The photos and description are very accurate and Kim is a responsive and helpful host, supplying welcome instructions and restaurant/bar suggestions. Comfortable bed and big, open living space. Would definitely stay again! We loved staying at the apartment, which is super clean and perfectly located in Williamsburg. Also the subway is close by. Kimberly is a really nice host and the communication was excellent. Great location, quiet building! Lots of cute places within walking distance.	1
109	The host canceled this reservation 10 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 23 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Tadeu e Pri são casal ótimo, agradável e atenciosos, tiveram paciência em me explicar os locais de turismo. Ótimas dicas pois conhecem muito bem NY. A casa confortável, limpa e organizada. Recomendo a hospedagem. Me receberam muito bem. Grandes anfitriões. They are very nice, great host and I like to stay More.  Sure I will come again for short stay. Staying with Priscila and Tadeu was really amazing. Really friendly people and easy to communicate with. They welcomed me even though I came late midnight. My flight was cancelled due to weather condition and I had to stay 2 more nights and when I told them about it they immediately said “our doors are always open for you”. I would recommend people to stay with them. And I would stay again if I ever went to New York.	0
110	Great place to stay! Very cute modern place. Close to subway. Great value for your money. Lots of deli and convenience stores around! The room was tidy and clean. Theres a kitchen where we could heat food and boil water which was perfectly nice. The host canceled this reservation 8 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Good place with a nice location, just 6 blocks from the A and C train. It takes you to Manhattan in 20 minutes. Very good place to visit New York! 10min. walk to Subway Station. Sub goes direktly to the heart of Manhattan. It’s a good location, 5 blocks away from the subway, there are many roomies If you like to sit, relax, sleep and plan in a clean and cosy home, this is not an option. Mi familia y yo nos quedamos por dos días. Ambos días visitamos NYC. El metro queda cerca y pudimos conseguir estacionamiento cerca del apartamento. Todo fué bastante accesible, el lugar era acogedor, sábanas y toallas limpias. Great place, great value, and great checkin/checkout process! Comfortable room! It’s a quiet neighborhood and the location is great. To be honest, the bathroom wasn’t that clean. Also, the floors was a little dusty so I had to sweep. Besides that, everything is good. 1人ではなく複数にで泊まる方が安心! Was very ideal for my short stay just what I needed Appartement satisfaisant. Bon rapport qualité/prix.  The apartment is clean , if you want something to sleep this is the right place ,it is ok for the price , thin walls , you can hear everything from next door , Basic but great value. Shared bathroom was quite dirty and you share the kitchen with more people from upstairs but amazing communication and good location in Brooklyn. Thank you! Would stay again :)	0
111	"Posizione perfetta, due fermate della Metro a pochi passi e quartiere pieno di locali aperti a qualsiasi ora. Lappartamento si presenta in modo diverso da come appare dalle foto dove sembra nuovissimo (complimenti al fotografo!), delle due camere una è totalmente priva di qualsiasi mobilio aldilà del letto e di un comodino, quindi per la seconda coppia è un problema riporre le proprie cose. Per non parlare della terza coppia (lannuncio dice chiaramente che è per 6 persone) che deve dormire su un materasso ad aria che si sgonfia, ed alle prime ore del mattino ti trovi a dormire per terra. Suggerisco anche lacquisto di nuovi cuscini (quelli forniti sono tipo sottiletta..)   ed un gancio in più in bagno. Tutto sommato appena sufficiente. The location of the apartment was absolutely fabulous!  The subway was extremely close.  Checking in and out was a breeze and the people handling the apartment were courteous and informative!!!  We felt very welcomed!  We only had one snafu with the bedframe and it was handled quickly and thoroughly.  The accommodations were very comfortable.  The apartment was clean and the kitchen was well equiped for simple meals.  Help was only a text away. Very well organized check in procedure.  Apartment was neat and clean.  We were happy with our stay. Adorable neighborhood. Block and half to washington sq park & NYU. Super quiet building, very easy key pick up. And clean. Great neighborhood and very convenient to get to any other area of New York City.  The place was perfect for our needs. Rooms were fine and the place was very clean.    Eric was extremely responsive and Willing to do an early check in. Erics apartment is in a delightful section of Greenwich village! Staying in an apartment is a fantastic way to get a feel for the city, much better than a hotel. There are so many restaurants and shops right in the neighborhood. The apartment is very large and there is plenty of space to accommodate 5 adults. We felt very safe in this apartment and would love to come back again to enjoy this magnificent city! Nous navons jamais vu Eric, cest en fait une entreprise qui loue lappartement et qui fait remettre les clés par la femme de ménage. Cest un business, pas vraiment le concept airbnb!  Lappartement est purement destiné à la location et pas très bien équipé, pour 6 il ny a que 2 lits, le 3ème est un gonflable crevé, ou alors le sofa qui nest pas un convertible : pas confortable pour une semaine!  Léquipement pour cuisiner se limite à une petite poêle et petite casserole, tout juste bon pour le petit déjeuner!   Pas de système audio pour écouter de la musique.  On ne retrouve pas le confort décrit sur lannonce, pour preuve les lattes des stores sont cassées, et cest le seul occultant, pas dalèzes sur les matelas...  Appartement sans vie, juste beau sur les photos, mais attention le confort est absent et surtout pas pour 6, 4 pas plus! Eric was quick to respond and was very accommodating in working with our logistics in NYC. My boyfriend and I were there to move our NYC apartment out/ dealing with movers, which isnt easy, and we needed a place to stay once out. Eric totally understood and was very flexible. Not to mention, his home is one of the best apartments I have seen -- after living in NYC for 6 years!! Thanks, Eric, for everything! Group of 6 girls from Basque Country. Easter 2016.  We had a wonderful time in New York.   The apartment is OK, quite new, good shower, but not for 6.  3rd bed is an electric air mattres, to be placed at the dinning room. With two, it gets deflated by the morning. Not very confortable.  The big sofa shown in the pictures can not be dismantled, so not a sleeping option, and tjere are no spare blankets.   Just one wardrobe in all house. One room has no door.   Some curtain sheets missing, so very bright in the morning. Small coffemachine and few kitchen utensils.  We got just one set of keys and had to ask for a 2nd one.  Last day, we had our taxi at 16:00 and had to leave appartment at 11:00. No option to leave packages anywhere.. Instead, we had to pay 50$ for arriving after 21:00 hours.  We enjoyed our stay because we are not very demanding but it is not very confortable for 6. I would recommend it for 4 or max.5.  The appartment is very good located, with good tube conexions. Very nice neighbourhood with many shops, bars, restaurants.... The zone deserves 10.       Lappartement était très bien et très bien situé. Eric a répondu très vite. Nous avons dû payer $50 de frais car nous sommes arrivés après 22h. Les photos sont plus flatteuses que la réalité. Il ny avait pas de linges pour la vaisselle ni de produit pour ma machine à laver. Nous avons dû partir à 11h maximum et pas moyen de laisser mer valises à quelque part (il faut compter $10 par valise dans un box). Il y a deux stations de métros à proximité et il y a plein de restaurants. Ce voyage a été génial! The neighborhood was fantastic, many shops, great restaurants with easy access to many attractions and mass transportation.  The accommodations were clean and accurate to the listing. We were 3 adults and the size was perfect.  Eric was accomidating for our late departure.  There was a railing for the stairs to the loft bedroom but none to the lower living room which could be an issue for older people and toddlers. gorgeous place had the best birthday ever The advertisement matched reality pretty well, except that for six people the sleeping facilities were somewhat poor. Thats to say two people have to share an airmatras, thats to be placed in the living room where its difficult to darken the room because the curtains were broken. Then there is very comfortable double bed in a bedroom with no door. The third bed is also pretty ok, but thats is a room with poor ventilation, especially on a warm night it gets pretty warm there.    The neighborhood is wonderful! Very lively, without it being noisy at night. Close to restaurants, shops, cafés and subway. During our 7-day  stay in New York, we havent come across a nicer neighborhood.  The couch in the living room is comfortable. The kitchen is well equipped.    It was possible to leave our luggage on the day of departure a bit longer, which was friendly of Eric. This was such a great spot for the few days we had to explore NYC before our friends wedding in Long Island.  The neighborhood was fantastic, tons to do, and super convenient to the subway.  The place was clean, spacious, and had everything that we needed.  There was only one set of keys to split between two couples, which we made work, but having two sets of keys would be awesome for convenience purposes.  Overall, such a great place to stay, and would absolutely recommend!! Erics apartment is in a perfect location in the West Village. We were only a few blocks from Bleeker Street shopping and ten minutes walk from the Highline entrance at Gansevoort. Tons of bars and restaurants besides that. Very easy access from the Subway lines at West 4th Street.    There was building facade construction going on at the time of our stay, but we were out the door early enough for it not to matter.    Although I never saw Eric, we communicated many times via SMS and email through Airbnb. His cleaning person met me when I called to make arrangements for picking up the keys.    We ended up being a group of four visiting NYC for our annual reunion. I would say this number is ideal for the space. There is actually quite a bit of space in the apartment, but only two beds and two additional air mattresses (which we didnt use).    I slept on the (huge) sofa quite comfortably, but think a light sleeper wouldnt do so well. The floors were very clean and nicely polished hardwood. We didnt use the kitchen or the TV, so I cant comment on those.    Overall, a very pleasant stay! Erics place is perfectly situated.  Look up that Dylan photo from Freewheelin and youve got the idea.  The apartment is spacious, and well suited for sleeping 4 adults.  Very clean, with kitchen items suitable for simple meals.  Closet space is in the main bedroom only, so that will involve some sharing.  We were greeted on time and Fatima was particularly warm when checking us out.  There is no guest book, so be sure to ask about the electronics, recycling, laundry and anything else you may need.  Eric is usually prompt about communications.  And the location, absolutely perfect whether for a family or friends...great restaurants, playgrounds, entertainment, and between two main subway lines. We didnt meet Eric but he was really easy to deal with and prompt to respond to messages. The location was great. The apartment was ok- basic and quite bare but clean, with a comfortable main bed and lots of space. There was no air conditioning so one of the bedrooms was too hot to sleep in (it was a particularly hot weekend!) but there were only 3 of us and the couch was comfortable enough so it wasnt a problem.     The cleaner was late to let us in so we ended up stood on the street waiting- although that turned out to be a good experience as we got chatting to the lovely man who owns the fantastic record shop opposite and found out the street is very famous! A cleaner also turned up before the time we said were probably leaving by and then just started cleaning up around us which was irritating and made us feel very hurried even though it was still only 7.30am.    Overall, apart from the hiccups checking in and out, this was fine for one night and decent value for money. The apartment is ok and the location is fantastic. Muy lindo apartamento, muy bien ubicado. Muy buena atención y predisposición del dueño. Im very happy with the stay me and my family had here. the apartment looks just like the pictures and it is in a nice building. signal for cell phones are a bit sporty through out the apartment but other than that everything was grate!  We had a great time with the family visiting many places. Id wish wed have had a better experience with taxi drivers and other service personnel that dont care about treating tourists with courtesy, but that was just part of the experience.   Erics place was lovely! A tremendous and well furnished space that made for a comfortable, clean and convenient weekend in NYC.  Fantastic location, steps from multiple subway lines and in the heart of the West Village. Bleecker Street features multiple restaurants, coffee shops and shopping. The apartment itself is compact, with a split-level design and two bedrooms. The master bedroom doesnt have a door, and is open to the hallway and living room below. The second bedroom has a small window that opens onto the living room.  Good Eric er meget opmærksom på, at gøre opholdet super godt og svarer med det samme, hvis der er nogle spørgsmål eller ting, der kan gøre opholdet endnu bedre.  Lejligheden er skøn og beliggenheden er perfekt i forhold til at få The Village oplevelse.  The neighborhood is really nice and the apartment is spacious. The host was very accommodating -- thanks!  The appt was exactly what we were looking for - a base for a long weekend in New York. It is located in an attractive area with easy access to the city and lots of bars and restaurants. Eric made both arrival and departure straightforward and always responded immediately to e mails and texts. The appt has good wifi and air conditioning - a real bonus! Meeting on arrival was good.  Flott nabolag, og perfekt plassering i forhold til alle attraksjonene på Manhattan.  El aviso y la descripción del ámbito fue exacto a lo encontrado. Todo correcto, en perfecto orden y prolijo. Simplemente es un departamento para 4 pasajeros, ya que la tercer cama es un colchón inflable. Si bien esta aclarado en el aviso, en una estadia larga se vuelve muy incomodo. Great neighborhood, tons of restaurants and cafes within walking distance. Apartment was clean with lots of room, pictures were perfectly accurate. Unfortunately was only down for one night, but would recommend staying here! Muy linda ubicación pero el departamento tiene muchas fallas. La cama del 2 cuarto está rota de un lado y no se puede dormir de a dos. Las almohadas son viejas y delgadas como una toalla. La bañadera se tapaba y enviaron a alguien a que lo arregle, lo mismo ocurrió con la heladera que tenía pérdidas e inundaba la cocina.  this is a great place, great location and Eric is very accessible and easy to work with.   Great location on a lovely street, very convenient to the subway! Very nice host.  Overall, we were disappointed with our stay here. The good points: the location is wonderful as to access to shops, metro and restaurants but it can be noisy at night when the bars nearby close and because the bedroom faces the street, there is noise from service vehicles and  construction noise across the street. Other good points: there is plenty of heat and hot water. The main room with the couch and TV is the best part of the unit. The TV and wifi worked well. The bad points: Check in was stressful and delayed for 1 hour after we were dropped off. The unit needs a fresh coat of paint, a few more basic supplies for the kitchen, better lighting in the kitchen, repairs to the blinds, new bed linens and better pillows.  Eric was extremely responsive throughout the process. He made sure that we had everything that we needed to make the trip as fun as possible. The location of the space is second to none. Perfectly placed in the Village with shops, restaurants, bars, etc within a quick walk. It was everything that we had hoped it would be. It makes you feel like youre a resident of the city. Not as great as the images. Very very hot (heat is blasting), had to open the windows to a VERY NOISY STREET. As well, not sure ""Eric"" is real, a few scenarios happened that made me wonder otherwise. Location is great, near everything.  it was a very great experience.  the house is confortable, near to subway .  more for 4 people then 5  the area is excellent,  This flat is ideally located between two subways, many facilities, or sight seeing places. We highly recommend it. Eric and staff were helpful for arrival and departure. Yet, I would mention that the appartment does not look as fresh and trendy as the pictures seem to mention, and a few things needs to be repaired (table, air mattress for children). Stayed late December with family- 2 adults, kids ages 11 and 13. Eric was great. Location was awesome. The GOOD: The neighborhood is AMAZING. Location is perfect. Eric is a great host; brought us a fan when requested, let us check out a few hours late, all went very smoothly! The LESS GOOD: The apartment has some wear and tear compared with the photos, vertical blinds are falling down, hardly any furniture, bathroom is tired, the smoke detector was missing; these will be easy fixes. The listing says sleeps 6; I think this would be tight- there is a  Queen bed in one rm, a full bed in another, and an air mattress. Good for group of 4 I think. Place is HOT in the winter, but you can open the windows, just bring earplugs because of the vibrant neighborhood noise. Overall, loved the neighborhood, but this was less comfy than a hotel, for a similar/higher price. Erics place is well located and on a quiet street for NYC. It is reasonably priced and a good value. However, it is noticeably older than the photos in the listing make you believe and is stuffy if you dont open the windows during the winter. Also, we were rushed during the checkout starting at 10:30 even though the normal time is 11:00.  The location on this apartment is great, the neighborhood is lively with plenty of restaurants, jazz clubs, shops, and access to almost all the subway lines in 5 minutes, so you can be just about anywhere you want to be in NYC in 15-20 minutes.   The apartment was functional - we expected a little more ""luxury"" for the money, but we come from Europe and are not familiar with pricing in NYC. Everything worked and we had laundry downstairs, this was handy. We missed some small details that would have improved our perception, like coat rack or hooks for leaving our heavy winter coats (we were 4 and they do pile up!). the master room is large and could accomodate a king bed, this would be very nice, the bed in hte other room is full size - so depending on the size of the 2 sleeping there, will work better or worse. It´s a trilevel, so if stairs are an issue for you, keep this in mind.  Nice apartment with a great location! Eric was very helpful. Frat House atmosphere. The location is nice but the place itself needs a major rehaul. The bathroom doors are broken - The sink drain had a knife in it -Replace it at home depot for $50. It sleeps 4 realistic unless you area  frat kid and like the cheap air mattress and or uncomfortable couch. We would have loved to hand our coats - Maybe add a coat rack in the large hallway???? and place for shoes. The beds were also sort of grungy. My friend and I called this the frathouse because it was like a college frat house - Not a nice condo. Could be really nice if you improved the amenities.  Beds - New Faucet fix Coat Rack Linens Fix broken doors New Paint Great loft, in very good shape. The pictures reflect the real apartment. Eric was incredibly responsive, replying every e-mail we sent him. He was also able to accommodate our needs for early checkin due to schedule changes. Its a place worth coming back.  O apartamento é muito bem localizado, no coração do village e pertinho do soho.  São muitas opções por perto. Acomoda bem 2 casais, mas falta um pouco de privacidade porque um quarto não tem porta de entrada e o outro tem uma pequena janela que dá pra sala. Eric sempre respondeu prontamente a qualquer pergunta. O apartamento estava bem limpo. Alguns detalhes como roupas de cama, toalhas e colchões melhores poderiam dar um pouco mais de conforto ao hóspede, assim como dicas sobre lugares próximos poderiam ajudar o hóspede a se situar melhor. Tivemos uma ótima estadia em NY, certamente a localização do apartamento contribuiu para isso.  The property is in a great location if you want an authentic New York experience away from the tourist traps of midtown.  Eric was very easy to communicate with and often responded very quickly and in a helpful way.  The negatives that I believe you should be aware of, in particular if you are travelling in a group are:  1. There is no door to the master bedroom so privacy is restricted and you feel quite exposed 2. General decorative condition is very tired and in need of a refreshment 3. Electrical points are quiet old and many struggled to hold the EU adaptor in. 4. Rooms can become very hot at night as heating is on a communal system and cannot be controlled   Other than that we had a very pleasant stay  The apartment is so cute and perfect for a girls night out on the city. The couch is so comfortable (more than the beds). The location is perfect-close to bars and lounges but not too loud outside. Lots of quick food and a store nearby. Very accessible. Very spacious. Had two floors so makes it seem even bigger. Also a sliding patio door for fresh air but no deck to sit on. Not sure if blankets/comforters are washed between guests (smelled a little musty).    Allowed us to check out late which was very helpful! Check in was easy-the cleaning lady was waiting for us but I felt bad because she thought we would check in at 3:30 but we didnt arrive until 5 so I guess she was waiting the whole time. Also for check out she had to come back to get the keys from us. Maybe make it so we just leave the keys and we dont have to coordinate to give keys back. Overall, amazing stay! Thanks Eric!  Overall the stay at Erics home was very nice. The location is GREAT and for that I gave it 5 stars. Only thing I would ask the host is to keep the keys in a lockbox(for example) rather than having to schedule a specific time to meet someone else for the keys. Other than that, highly recommend this place in the West Village. Excellent location, quiet street and at least during our stay, the week of snow storm Stella, there was always parking out front so loading and unloading our things was convenient. We stayed with our boys (mid-20s) and their girlfriends and there was enough room. It would have been better if there was a door to the master bedroom but we made it work. All in all, a pleasant stay. Nice Home! Great location and nice building.  If you have 4 people, there is limited bedding and its all rather old.     Great location! Fun area! The place is spacious and has the basics. It needs paint on the walls and the linens could fresher smelling.  great location, spacious apartment, secure building, well equipped. With a bit of investment in updated furniture, modern bathroom and superior cotton linen it would be an absolute 10/10.  What a great location--in the heart of the village, and very close to 4th St and Christopher St metro stations to get around easily.  The apartment is light and airy, the beds are comfortable and easily accommodated four single adults.  There is a lot of street noise in the evenings, but that is a trade off for the location and hard to avoid.  I would definitely return. Erics apartment was in a great location and was warm and relatively clean however the reality is far more dated than the photos in the listing.  Be weary of time differences when booking. Upon booking our accommodation we realised the time difference meant that we had booked a day earlier than we would be arriving, we made immediate contact with Eric who refused to refund the first nights payment, advising us we would be able to check in immediately after arriving from the airport. We arrived at the apartment and were met by an associate of Erics (20 minutes after arrival) to be granted entry to our rental. Upon arrival the associate requested $200 cash as a security deposit for the keys, however we were never notified of this prior to booking and arriving. After discussing this with the associate, who was introduced to us as the cleaner, she agreed to leave us the keys.  A few hours later at approx 1pm, we heard people outside the apartment attempting to unlock the door. We opened it to the building superintendent and two others wanting to inspect the property. When we queried this with the super, we were advised that the apartment was up for rent and viewings would be happening daily from 12-2 and 5-7pm. Again this information was news to us, and we had no prior knowledge of this arrangement nor consented to these ad-hoc visits to our rental which we had paid for in full until the end of the week.  When attempting to contact Eric we were told by his assistant on the phone that he was unavailable, however when told we wished to complain we were able to speak to a man claiming to be him. He advised that he would have the viewings cease until after check out.  This series of events proved confusing and unsettling for a group of five, young females with valuable items in our luggage that we then felt like we needed to lock up when leaving the apartment.  The remainder of our stay was relatively seamless until the associate arrived 20 minutes early on check out to retrieve the keys.  We would not stay with Eric again.   Great location. Fun place.  Fab and lively location and great space!  Great spot for two couples or a few close friends to enjoy the West Village.  Master bedroom lacks a door or curtain however, which is a bit awkward.   Great place. Really liked stayingbyhere :)  Apartment was great! Clean, spacious and well furnished.  Really enjoyed the neighborhood, close to a lot of shops and restaurants.  I hope future guests dont make the same mistake I did. I checked-in late and I did not read the rental notes that there was a $30- $40 surcharge for late check-ins. That is because you have to pay someone extra to get the key from. All my past rentals, I did not have to meet someone, so there were no such check-in time restrictions.     Unbeatable location between West 4th St and Bleecker St with immediate access to cafes, restaurants, shops and two subway stations.  Furnishing is basic but comfortable. The place is ok, location is the only good thing about the place. Internet works about half of the time. Sheets are pre war, kitchen is full of old food. I spoke to the host about the issues and he couldnt care less. Stayed here for a 40th birthday/girls weekend and it was perfect.  Central, cute neighborhood with lots of shops, quiet street but next to lots of bars and restaurants.  Very clean and plenty of space by NY standards.  One bedroom with a door and one up the stairs from the living room as more of a loft, comfy couch too! 5 stars. Great location! The metro is near by and theres a lot of great restaurants near by. Highly recommend you stay here. While I didnt get the opportunity to meet Eric in person, he was extremely responsive by text/chat.  The place is quite large by NYC standards and was extremely clean.  Id highly recommend it. Place was as described. Location was fantastic. Its so nice very good Two bedroom apartment. Next to alot of little stores. Its like being away. This place couldnt be in a better location in West Village.  Erics communication was quick and helpful.  The apartment is in a nice building that is safe, quiet and clean.  The apartment was also clean and ready for us at arrival.  Overall, happy with our stay. Nice apartment in a great location. Perfectly acceptable accommodation but needs a bit of updating. Great launchpad for exploring New York. Great location! Very walkable, loads of shops/restaurants/nightlife, but quiet inside the apartment. As others have mentioned, amenities are not particularly deluxe, but it’s a great value  in the Village. Nous avons passé une semaine à 4 dans cet apt. Très bien  pour 4, au delà : plus : plus compliqué.  Idéalement situé, quartier super, nombreux restaurants et commodités. Métro plusieurs accès, plusieurs lignes. Quartier animé, mais rue calme, sans réelles nuisances. Logement qui aurait besoin d""un réel raffraichissement pour être au top : canapés qui ont plus que fait leur temps, peintures,  draps, écoulements des eaux dans la salle de bain à revoir, stores abimés à changer. Ménage rien à dire. Veldig bra beliggenhet og god kommunikasjon med Eric. Leiligheten er imidlertid vesentlig mer slitt enn de vi antok i forhold til bildene. We had a great stay at the apartment, the location is perfect and the whole check in, check out process was very easy. Apartamento en una ubicación extraordinaria. Pero, a nivel de instalaciones, si bien todo funciona, el aspecto es cutre y viejo. Mal pintado, cables sueltos, calefacción antigua, camas viejas, sofá roto... Le falta una renovación / actualización urgente Eric was very responsive when contacted.  Anastasia was friendly, prompt, and helpful.   GREAT value for a place to stay in Greenwich Village! Correct and accurate as listed. This is a basic apartment that can sleep 3 on regular beds and 2 more on an airbed. The location is excellent. The apartment is fairly spartan and a bit threadbare, but it is serviceable for the short-term traveler who wants to optimize for location in West Village. The building boiler is a beast so if you prefer colder sleeping conditions, be aware you will need to open the windows to regulate temperature in the winter months so you may have some loud nights with the street noise. Eric was very responsive to communications during our stay and he was accommodating to one of our special requests. Great location and huge (for New York!) Great location, great communication with host. Loved the espresso maker for our first morning coffee. Pullout bed and linens could use an upgrade. Great location  Photos not truly representative   Linen needs refreshing  Responsive host Great location - we enjoyed the jazz music at the restaurant a couple doors down. While the apartment is clean, the furniture is a bit torn and not very much like the main photo you see. The communication with Eric and his team was great but be prepared to pay $40+ if you arrive after 8 pm. The place is as per the other reviews - clean, a little dated but still a great base and above all the location is perfect. The west village is by far the best place to stay of you want access to all of NyC quickly and yet have everything on your doorstep too. No going out late night and wandering around longer than expected to find a nice bar or somewhere to eat.. just so much available all within minutes walks and 3 local subway stations meaning easy to get anywhere and evereywhere else outside of west you might want to"	0
112	Nice place to stay if youre hanging out in the Bushwick area or if you want to hop on the train to Manhattan. Cozy room, friendly apartment-mates and a nice rooftop with an excellent view of the city. This room was a great stay. It was super close to a venue I came from LA to. Very relaxing and comfy. The room is super spacious and the rooftop was a super plus! Thanks Diana! :)  The host canceled this reservation 4 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 5 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. A cozy comfy room in Bushwick. Close to Subway. Many thanks :)  Todo impecable, casa con mucho estilo, bien ubicada y de facil acceso a galerias de arte y mejores bares de Bashwick We stayed at Dianas place for about a week . Communication before our arrivals and check in went very well even though diana was out of the country. We rarely saw any of the other housemates as they were all working, those that we met were  very nice and friendly. The house and the room are wonderful, especially the rooftop where we enjoyed our breaks fast and sometimes a drink before going to bed.  The location is nice and convenient, lots of small delis close by.   The room and bed were nice, solely the toilets could have been a bit more hygienic.  All in all it was a great app yay and we enjoyed our stay in New York !	1
113	Umber was a great host after a really long travel day we arrived at his cozy apartment with a nice note and thoughtful snacks for our half marathon.  The apartment was exactly as it appeared on the website and very clean. We had a great stay and will definitely come back! This was my second stay at Umber place and it was another great experience! The place was clean just like last time and easily accessible in a great neighborhood and location.  Although Umber was very easy to communicate with I was disappointed with the cleanliness of his apartment and the photos did not accurately portray the place. I expect a clean apartment with the price we paid including a cleaning fee. No one wants to see pubic hair in a bath tub.  The bed was also very hard and hot water went in and out.  On a positive note the apartment was in a good location and the host was helpful in recommending places to eat. Great spot! My boyfriend and I chose this place to pretend to be city folk for a weekend. Spacious studio in a prime location, looks just like the pictures, and the bathroom has really nice new appliances. Theres multiple subway stops within walking distance so you can venture around Manhattan or Brooklyn really easily (or farther if you wanted) and unlimited eats, drinks (reasonably priced if you look for it), and various music venues. LOTS of art. Rather than being someones spare house/apt, its clearly where the host lives, so its like youre crashing at a friends place. We liked that feeling. It just made us feel even more at home and less like out of place people in the big big city. Umber also gave us a lot of suggestions beforehand and when I asked for more when we were there. We had an awesome weekend, and would definitely stay here again! Check-in and check-out were smooth.  Great location to stay to explore chinatown.  Thanks for having me. Umber was nice, but the area and the building are not nice at all. The building is dirty and the apartment was not as we expected.	0
114	Charles was easy to communicate with, and his place looked just like the pictures. He was also available to answer any last minute questions. I would definitely stay at his place again.  R Charles was very communicative, helpful, and quick to respond. The space is as lovely as it looks in the pictures. My only regret is that I couldnt stay longer! Great home away from home & great communication! The most beautiful just as it look in the picture Charles was very helpful and gave me everything I needed The host canceled this reservation 34 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 42 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 19 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	0
115	"Nice place to stay. Giovanni is a great and friendly host. So let me tell you about our experience with Giovanni. We LOVED IT!!! we planned to stay in NYC for 4 nights and 5 days but we only booked Giovanni’s place for 2 nights (wanted to explore). We left his place feeling sad because we couldn’t stay longer. We were so comfortable and felt right at home. It was 4 for us, we got our own room and access to a bathroom next to our rooms. We were willing to cancel our other AirBnB’s to stay with him..but unfortunately someone else beat us to it.  We also bought cereal and milk and he let us keep our milk in the fridge. When we plan our future trip to NYC we will definitely book it with Giovanni. We also loved meeting Luna (wait for it) she was such a cutie and my husband missed her throughout the trip. Although it is in Brooklyn it was worth the small commute to where ever you want in NYC. Living in Giovannis House was just Great!  It is really clean ans had the best wifi We had during our USA trip. Giovanni is such a Nice host, we enjoyed living with him and his lovely dog Giovanna was very nice and helpful. He gave great directions for check in and it was very easy. Recommend staying at his place. I would give 6 stars if I could! Really nice host ! He was there for us when we had questions and he told us great spot to visit. Hes really friendly and helpful. He told us how to get to his place taking the train et how to actually use the New York train. I loved this trip and I would definitely go back to his place when I get back to New York ! Lovely guy - good host. It does take a bit of time into Manhattan! We had an absolute blast staying at Giovannis! He is a great host and his brownstone is adorable!!!! I will most definitely stay with him again if I ever go back to New York!!!! This is a ""10-star"" place and location (five stars arent enough). Very secure accommodations with the coolest roommates ever. Luna is the best dog Ive ever met; she will make your stay rock!   Giovanni is an excellent host. Very helpful. Clean and clear with directions. Highly recommended . Ill stay again. Giovanni is an excellent host and the room is a great value. Best option to book in Brooklyn! I can highly recommend this place! Giovanni is awesome, rooms are well maintained and nice. Bathroom is very new and clean. Price you d really fair!! The space was clean. It was located in a great area. It was quiet at night and during the day. It was not a far walk to the train for us. And Giovanni was very kind and helpful. It was a really nice stay. Giovanni is a great host and so easy to communicate with.  His place is great and everything that I needed.  Thanks Giovanni is a great host.  He responded to the reservation within minutes.  He went above and beyond to help me out.  His place is great and very clean.  Excellent place to stay. Great place to stay! Terrific hospitality, and very central to public transportation. Giovanni was extremely welcoming, warm, friendly and funny. It was a great value and location and the rooms were comfortable and stylish. Would recommend to anyone! I didn’t get the pleasure of meeting Giovanni but throughout our communication (which he was extremely responsive to) it felt like I was communicating with an old friend! His place was decent, I loved the bathroom the most. It was very modern. Great stay in warm, clean home on a nice quiet tree lined block in Brooklyn close to major train lines. The host Giovanni was incredibly helpful and hospitable and I would definitely stay there again. If youre considering renting an AirBnB in NYC this is the place you want to be. Gio is more than wonderful and hospitable. He clearly loves hosting people on his property and is very awesome about lending his advice on places to go. Im a born and raised native of NYC who was looking for a place to stay with my two friends. Not only is this space super affordable, it is also very comfortable and accommodating. The neighborhood is amazing and has matured greatly within the past decade. This space is also ridiculously close to public transportation. Were definitely staying with him again for our next trip. Very nice little brown stone.  Modernized bathroom, quiet little bedrooms, and nice little kitchen. Bed were very comfortable. Internet was included which was a very nice touch. Conveniently close to Subway C train, just 5 streets down, a 10 minute walk at most. Train took maybe 20 minutes to get to New York city itself. Also, The place was not even a block from a awesome pizza joint. The host was a great guy. Very polite and on point. I would recommend this place to anyone wanting to visit NYC or Brooklyn for a few days. We loved the host! The metro is only a few blocks away and you are in the city center within 30 minutes. The neighborhood has a few small restaurants and shops. There is a kitchen available for you to make dinner or breakfast.  One of us is afraid of birds so the birds (small birds in a cage in the kitchen) were a little bit loud for us.  Overall it was clean and a nice stay! We spend a great time at Giovannis place , really good Rbnb , I highly recommend it , thanks for everything ! I had a nice (Email hidden by Airbnb) fortable bed and quiet at night. Giovanni was very friendly and a kind host."	1
116	This place was perfect! Location is only   A 5 min walk to subway where you can get to anywhere in the city. Caroline was beyond accommodating as she was able to meet up with a friend of mine for the keys as I wasnt able to get into the city till later! The apartment is beautiful and has everything you could possibly need. I would recommend this place to anyway it was a really nice time and Caroline made it so easy for us!  Were from a big city and were looking for a place that offered the same level of energy as home.  This apt in Bed-Stuy fit the bill.  In addition to being adorable, and super tidy, its close to the J train and busses that can take you anywhere.   The restaurants nearby are great, too. We had a lazy day on Sunday and ate pizza, cafe sandwiches, and Indian Food, and didnt have to go more than two blocks to find them.   Carolina is a great host, as well. Communicative and kind as can be.   If, youre looking for a quiet getaway , this isnt the place for you. But, if youd like a taste of city life, you really cant do any better than This!   Carolina was an impeccable host - most friendly and accommodating. Her place is really very charming and cosy- a treasure if youre brooklyn bound. Carolina is so kind and everything is exactly as described! The building is very secure and modern. Would highly recommend. Carolina has a fabulous apartment, plenty of great amenities, wifi, clean cups and an awesome bathroom.  Couldnt have had a better stay or more accommodating host! The space is like a beautiful hotel suite, with a full kitchen, luxe bathroom, and comfy bed. The complex is new and nice-- and the area is fun and lined with historic brownstones. Would recommend to anyone! Great place, everything you need in one place x Great spot to stay, near transportation, and can get you anywhere you want to go! Some good vegan options nearby (within 30 second walk) for vegan eaters!  Its a lovely place to stay. The pictures are accurate and Carolina is a wonderful host and really easy to talk to. Would recommend staying here. Spacious and clean apartment with nice bed and bathroom. Just a few blocks from a subway line. Walls are a bit thin so you can hear the comings and goings of other building residents, but that’s not too bad.  Contact with Carolina was very easy and the check in/check out process was simple and clear.  The red velvet pancakes at Cafe Ralph across the street were worth the trip alone! Carolina ist extrem unkompliziert und alles lief völlig reibungslos. Das Apartment ist im zwar im tiefsten Brooklyn und man muss einiges an Fahrtzeit rechnen , aber das Haus ist sauber und das Apartment geschmackvoll ,gemütlich und sauber . Ein hübsches Badezimmer mit Badewanne ,die man  nach einem Tag in Manattan gut brauchen kann...und ein sehr bequemes Bett. Die Wände sind allerdings sehr dünn und die Eingangstür der Wohnung liegt am Ausgang zum Parkplatz also die Leute die zum Auto gehen bekommt man deutlich mit . Insgesamt ein wunderschöner Aufenthalt und weiter zu empfehlen . Danke Carolina Le logement de Carolina est conforme à la description. Agréable à vivre et très bien situé, à 2 pas de la ligne J et dans un quartier avec toutes les commodités à proximité. Limmeuble bénéficie dun accès au toit avec une belle vue sur Manhattan. Carolina a été très réactive pour répondre à nos questions et nous conseiller. Nous recommandons sans hésiter. Perfect spot for our trip to the NYC Marathon. Delicious restaurants within walking distance, friendly corner stores, nearby transportation. Lovely apartment in a multicultural neighborhood. Helpful, responsive host. Carolina’s place is perfect, my girlfriend and I had a wonderful thanksgiving stay  at her apt. Strongly recommend! Thank you Carolina. Clean and comfortable home in a great location right at the edge of Bed Stuy and Bushwick. Close walk to Subway, welcoming and kind host, great weekend. Spacious pretty clean. Loud due to proximity to trash room and back exit. Suggestion to bring ear plugs and play music. A phenomenal stay! Carolina is a fantastic host - prompt communicator and an accommodating host. Loved our stay in Brooklyn. So close to public transportation made exploring the city so simple. Plus starting our morning at ChezAlex didn’t hurt (must try breakfast sammies!!) 10/10, would recommend, staying at Carolina’s anytime you’re looking to stay in NYC! Great place and Caroline is super acomadating They stayed was great, the place is just as the description says. Fantastic host! Super friendly and extremely helpful. Very recommended! Carolina was a great host. Her apartment was exactly as it appears in the photos and it was also clean and tidy. I enjoyed my stay at her apartment!	1
117	The apartment was in a great location, walking distance to times sq and Bryant park as well as lots of bars and restaurants in the area. There are also many subway lines in walking distance. The host was helpful and welcoming and the apartment is cosy and comfortable. Overall quite a rare find in Manhattan! The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 7 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great location, 15 min walk to Times Square. Close to great restaurants.  Anthony was a great host. Rarely there, but when around was extremely friendly, helpful and laid back. My wife and I felt very comfortable staying with him.  Ni bien llegamos nos entregó las llaves .....el lugar del edificio está muy bien y tienes lugares donde comprar alimentos y restaurantes a pocos pasos...a 8 - 10 minutos caminando del Time Square....muy cerca de central park y demás sitios . The best part about this apartment is the view: amazing! The room itself is very spacious, the bed is fine and towels are provided. The bathroom has everything we needed. Anthony made sure we could access the apartment easily, as he put the keys downstairs at the lobby.    One downside of our time in Anthonys apartment, was that we woke up one night around 2 a.m. because Anthonys roommate had invited people over. The music and voices coming from his room were keeping us awake, so at 4 a.m. I asked them to turn it down. We were able to sleep after that. I, however, think that inviting people over and making a lot of noise at night when you have guests, is a bit inconsiderate.     The apartment is not very clean, but we did not really mind! Thanks for your hospitality, Anthony! Although we never met, Anthony was very responsive and accommodating. The apartment is in an excellent location, a few minutes walk from Times Square. The building has full time security and felt very safe with friendly staff. We liked that the bathroom was adjacent to the room and down a separate hall from the living room and kitchen, making it feel more like a private apartment.  All in all a great stay! Friendly cat too, thanks Anthony El edificio es seguro y Anthony  siempre está  atento para ayudar. Nos encantó la ubicación. Las noches son tranquilas y en verano el cuarto es fresco.  La vamos ta es fabulosa. Anthony  es un gran anfitrión, siempre está  atento a responder las preguntas y necesidades.     Es muy amable y poneroso a disposición  las áreas  comunes  paranda usarlas. La habitación  es lo que esperábamos y estaba aseada.  l  For my road trip I was looking for places with great locations and Anthony has that.  I was close enough to walk to some things and subway access was easy. Very convenient for Times Square etc.. Die Lage ist perfekt. 10 Min zu Fuß und man steht mitten im New Yorker Leben. Direkt gegenüber ist auch eine Bushaltestelle, somit kann auch mit Gepäck gut angereist werden. Anthony haben wir wegen seines Jobs nicht gesehen. Dafür aber seine Katze, die ihn würdig vertrat. :) Es existiert ein Doorman; nicht jeder kommt ins Gebäude. Alles in allem okay. Tipp: in der 9th (5 min von Anthony) ist die Bäckerei Amy! Mehr sagen wir mal nicht! ***** 방 전망이 좋고 간결하고 편리합니다. 호스트도 매우 친절하고 짐을 맡기는 등 편의를 제공해주어 좋습니다. Anthony was a good host. We had our privacy and the room was comfortable and perfectly located. Recommend this listing to anyone. The host did a wonderful job of making sure everything was correct. We had no problem settling in and becoming  accustomed to the NYC way of life. I would recommend staying with Anthony as he made are time in the city a pleasant and enjoyable trip.  Anthony was very helpful, hes a great young guy. The key was left at the doormans. Theres wifi and even an appleTV media streamer.  The bed is super comfy!  The neighborhood is just perfect. Hells kitchen is safe, vibrant all the time, and everything is close. If you are for just a couple of days in the city, dont go further. Times Square is just for 5 minutes of walking distance. The closest subway station is just 2 blocks away.  Thanks for the experience! Super easy check in. Anthony was easy to communicate with and a great place to stay after a long travel day. El lugar fue excelente, a un par de cuadras de Times Square, cerca de todo, Anthony nos dejo un listado de lugares para ir a comer y eran muy buenos. La vista desde el dormitorio es genial! En general nuestra estadia fue muy buena! No pudo haber sido mejor! it was a great experience to stay at Anthonys apartment.  Close to Times Square, good view like in the pictures.  Quite room and almost private bathroom.  Well be glad to stay again.  Thank you . les photos de lannonce correspondaient parfaitement à la description de lappartement. Hôte discret, nous ne lavons pas croisé de la semaine et très peu entendu. Chambre confortable et préparée pour notre arrivée. Immeuble facile à trouver et proche du centre.  Quelques conseils de restaurants mis à disposition à notre arrivée. Very clean and the view is fantastic. I would suggest you sleep with the curtain open and just enjoy the view. Anthony was very responsive and helpful.  Key pick up was a breeze, Anthony was home at that time and could open the door and show us our room. View was amazing from the room! And being a first timer in new York, the next 11 days of stay really makes you appreciate the location of this great place!     The room was really big, enough to actually open 3 big luggage and still left with ample space to walk! Din really mange to communicate with Anthony, since we were out mostly, but he made the stay really comfortable!     The one and only small drawback of the apartment was the cleanliness of the room(the floor mostly) and the condition of the washroom and shower. That might require a bit more work!     That being said, all in all it was a really great stay! Would recommend it to anyone, for the location, the space and the view!  READ IT ALL AND THEN THINK IF IT IS THE RIGHT PLACE FOR YOU  LOCATION: great. Just a few blocks away from Times Sq and 2 blocks from the 50th street subway station. The area is not particularly noisy and not dangerous at all.  ROOM: big, comfy bed, amazing views.   BATHROOM: it hasnt been cleaned for a while. There was a thick layer of dust on the toilet and bath. The floor which was supposed to be as white as the walls, is however black. There were hairs everywhere, and balls made of dust moved on the floor when opening the door.  ENVIRONMENT. Do not choose this place if you are traveling with kids. Someones smoking weed nearly all the time and you can notice the smell the moment you get out of the elevator. The common areas are a mess, very untidy. One of the guys who live there must be some sort of DJ and have a big workstation on the living room. Music was disturbing only once.  So... to sum up: location is great, room was big enough, price was correct, but if you are not the marijuana-friendly kind of traveler or fancy a clean bathroom, you may prefer to choose somewhere else. Me encanto la ubicación!!!!!! Puedes caminar por todo Manhattan desde este lugar!  Anthony was very friendly and accommodating, the place was super central and had an amazing view!  Pour une découverte de NY il ny a pas mieux que lappartement danthony. Il est idéalement placé à 10min a pied de Times Square, et à 2 blocs (environ 5-6min) du métro. Très facile a trouver et bonne communication avec lhôte qui a cause de son boulot nest pas souvent chez lui. La SDB est a cotés de la chambre elle est propre et le sèche cheveux marche très bien ;) La vue de la chambre est absolument AMAZING, nous avons dormi les rideaux ouvert pour en profiter au maximum.  Petit commerce juste en bas de la rue pour acheter tout ce dont vous auriez besoin. Et le quartier est pleins de petit resto super sympa. Les personnes voulant dormir totalement sans bruit devrons se rendre à Brooklyn, car dormir dans Manhattan implique forcement un peu de bruit, cest la ville qui ne dort jamais, il ne faut pas loublier. Donc nous navons pas été gêné, cela nous a même bercé, mais une petite sirène de pompier qui passe dans la nuit peut effectivement vous faire sursauté, mais cest NY et en temps que français pour la première fois à NY cétait ce que nous recherchions :)  Nous reviendrons chez Anthony avec plaisir !  Clean, good location. I would stay there again!! The location is great! Public transportation to everywhere. Perfect to walk and visit all the variety of places near to the apt, its very safe. Also, Anthony is a great host, responsible and always trying to make you feel comfortable. And yes, the view is AMAZING.  Anthony is a great host and he made sure that we have no problems checking in no matter what time of the day it is. He also took some time out to talk to his guests and offered some suggestions of where we should go. He also invited his guests out to play with him, which was cool. The room is big and cozy, we were able to open 2 luggages on the floor fully and still have room to walk around. The bed was big and comfortable.  Its about a 5minutes walk to the nearest subway which makes thing alot more convenient. Getting from the airport to the apartment is easy using the E train. Hope to see you sometime soon Anthony! Anthonys place was amazing given the price and location! A 10-15 min walk from Times Square/Broadway and the neighbourhood was great for food. The room was comfy and Anthony was helpful with our early check in! Would definitely recommend for anyone looking for an affordable place to stay! Very kind the atmosphere!!! Apartment is in a fantastic location for doing sight-seeing in the city or for enjoying the night life in the Hells Kitchen neighborhood. Apartment had a great view over the city, and was nice and clean. Although it is a shared apartment, my girlfriend and I only ran into the host or any of the other tenants once at check-in and otherwise had the entire apartment to ourselves. Would highly recommend this rental to anyone looking to do some sightseeing in the city! The location is perfect! Nous avons croisé Anthony que très peu de fois mais il a tout de même su se rendre disponible en cas de besoin et les clés sont très facilement récupérables a nimporte quelle heure grâce au concierge. Lappartement est vraiment idéalement situé, a 10 minutes à pieds de Times Square, et encore moins du métro. Tout était propre, la chambre est très grande pour sy sentir suffisamment bien après une longue journée et la vue est incroyable!  Je recommande vraiment ce logement Hôte disponible et très sympathique. Horaires flexibles pour lentrée dans les lieux.    Petit bémol : propreté Great room, perfectly located, great views. Anthony is very helpful and a great host , i would recomend it to anyone who goes to ny Anthonys place is great, close to the subway and Times Square. He has always been taking care of everything and the apartment was very clean.  Also the view from the room was perfect! Defenitly will come back!  Over the top superbe appartement .très grande chambre avec une vue magnifique. bien placé et à 15 minutes à pieds de timesquare et 10min de central park.bonne communication avec Anthony. Since there were a few mixed reviews about this place, we had mixed feelings booking it.  We stayed for 10 nights at anthonys place. Its comfortable, the room is big enough for two people and has even enough space for 2-3 big luggage pieces. The check-in and communication with anthony was perfect at any time! He responded always within a few hours.   All the reviews that complain about the appartment being dirty or that it smells weed: The Plaza Hotel or Waldorf Astoria is not too far away so go and check-in there.  After all it is New York City. Concrete Jungle, hectical, loud and an old but the most beautiful city in this world! So back off haters...  I will definetely book this appartment again for my next trip to new york and highly recommend it for those who wanna experience the real city -non-touristical- life! La ubicación es excelente, cerca de todo. El departamento es muy cómodo y Anthony es muy atento. Muy buena la estadía en lo de Anthony. La ubicación es realmente buena.  Wir haben uns bei Anthony sehr wohlgefühlt. Ich habe erst einen Tag vor unserer Ankunft erfahren, wann und wie wir einchecken können, aber es hat dann alles whnderbar geklappt. Es stimmt zwar, dass die Wohnung renoviert werden könnte, unser Zimmer war aber sauber und mit allem ausgestattet, was man braucht. Die Lage ist unschlagbar - Times Square, Central Park und Rockefeller Center, aber auch der Hudson River Park, sind problemlos zu Fuß zu erreichen. Zum Flughafen JFK kommt man dank der U-Bahn-Station mit der Linie E und Umsteigen in den Airtrain ebenfalls problemlos. Die Gegend selbst ist auch nicht schlecht. Es gibt einige kleine Bars und Restaurants. Ein weiterer Pluspunkt: In der Wohnung gibt es eine superliebe Katze. :) Anthonys apartment is situated in a very nice area - quite central but a bit distant from the touristic crowd. There is a wide choice of places to eat and drink very close to the house, subway line (direct from JFK) is a 10 minutes walk and you can easily access Times Square/Broadway theaters/Central Park within 15-20 minutes. Anthony was very hospitable, ready to answer all the questions and give advice on where to go or what to do in the neighborhood.  The apartment itself was clean, the room was quite spacious and had a really great view. Its a very good place in terms of location and price, perfect for people who come to NY for vacation and plan to spend much time exploring the city. Spacious room, clean room and bathroom, great location (close to cruise and port authority bus terminal). Anthony was very friendly and accommodating. We were in the city a few hours outside of our check-in and check-out time but he allowed us to store our luggage there and even offered to get the room ready for us early. Anthoneys place is pretty spacious, clean and close to a lot of bars/ restaurants. His recommendations on where to go were amazing!!   I would definately recommend to stay here! No nos podemos quejar de nada. La ubicación es excelente estás cerca del time square, del central park. Anthony es un muy buen anfitrion. Excellent! Location 10 points! Anthony is a really cool guy, really respectful and although he is not in the apartment so often, he always helped us with any inquiry we had! Totally recommend this place!  Appartement idéalement placé, La vue de la chambre est la même que celle sur la photo! Anthony est un hôte cool, discret et arrangeant. Deux des trois chambres de son appartement sont pour les voyageurs AirBnb. Proche de tout, loger chez Anthony vous permettra de profiter au maximum de New York! Anthony is a warm and welcoming host and gave us some fabulous recommendations for places to eat in the neighborhood. The room is quite spacious and the view of the city skyline from the bedroom window is amazing. The shared bathroom is clean and right next to the bedroom. The apartment is located in a fantastic spot, with lots of restaurants and bars close by and a subway station 2 blocks away. We absolutely loved our time here and would definitely stay again on our next trip to NYC!  Super séjour chez Anthony. La chambre est spacieuse et bien équipée. La salle de bain est juste à côté.  Lemplacement de lappartement est très bien : à 10 minutes à pied de Central Parc , 15 minutes de Times Square et 10 minutes du métro, idéal pour tout visiter et rentrer avant de sortir le soir. De plus, la vue de la chambre est vraiment top. Notre seul regret est de ne pas avoir rencontré Anthony à cause de ces horaires de travail. Mais il a toujours été disponible pour nos questions et sest inquiété de la qualité de notre séjour plusieurs fois (de plus, Anthony parle français, ce qui peut rassurer certaines personnes). Les clefs sont très simples à récupérer à l’accueil de limmeuble.  Je recommande la location dAnthony à tous ceux qui veulent visiter New-York à partir dun bon emplacement et confortable. Sono stata a casa da Anthony per 24 notti e tutto era come speravo. Ero in Midtown a Manhattan, lideale per girare anche a piedi New York. Ho avuto un ottima impressione di Anthony, il check-in perfetto e a casa ho avuto la mia privacy, casa pulita e così lenzuola e asciugamani. Sicuramente consiglierei ai miei amici un soggiorno a casa di Anthony, grazie This place deserves a 10/10. The location is perfect for exploring NYC, the neighborhood is safe, the room is very spacious with an amazing view. Although we didnt get to meet Anthony he was super nice and available for any kind of information. Would 100% recomend his place. Un super accueil, Anthony est très sympa, nous a conseillé des restaurants et des choses à faire de sympathique ! Cest très propre et on est bien logé ! Merci pour tout ! Amazing location close to Midtown. Hells Kitchen a really cool neighbourhood. Exactly what makes airbnb so good.  Nice friendly, easy going host aswell. This is a great location, a great room and a great host.  Anthony was very welcoming, responsive and friendly. Anthony was a great host and very easy to communicate with. The location was perfect and my wife and I had a great stay at his place. His place was clean and tidy and he was more than happy to give us tips on where to eat and to also help us have a smooth check-in/check-out. Highly recommended! Anthony was very helpful and kind. The place was as described. Excellent location! Ich hatte mit einem Freund ein Zimmer bei Anthony gemietet. Die Lage ist sehr gut, nahe dem Times Square. Anthony ist immer zu erreichen und meldet sich sehr zügig. Wir waren rundum zufrieden. Immer wieder gerne. Nur zu empfehlen. Great location short walk to times square and great restaurants nearby , vert safe environment Excellent ubication. Photographies and descriptions are corrects and we recomend the apartament. Anthony was very kindly with us. I had a perfect stay at Anthonys apartment. It was conveniently located near Hells kitchen (abundance of restaurants) and is close to Broadway and Times Square. Definitely would recommend this place to anyone visiting NY city. All in all we really enjoyed our stay at anthonys and the view from our room was amazing!! The room was also clean and anthony was a very helpful and nice host! Large bedroom and clean space. Close to Times Square and great restaurants suggested by Anthony Great The location is perfect. And every other things are very good. The apartment was absolutely perfect for my stay! I did not meet Anthony until my last morning due to not being home at the same time but regardless his communication was amazing! His place was located in a hip area and it was easy to get to the subway, Times Square, cute restaurants and more. Anthony is very friendly, his apartment is spacious, private, and I will definitely recommend to friends in the future! Anthony was great, he helped us by letting us drop off bags early and gave us helpful tips. The view is amazing and great for being close to Times Sq  Really nice place with amazing view at Manhattan! Cet appartement est très bien situé à New York, près de Time Square (10 minutes de marche) et de Central Park. Très facile daccès. Beaucoup de petits restaurants et de petits bars très près. Appartement typique new yorkais mais resté un peu dans son jus.  Très bon emplacement pour visiter Manhattan et accueil sympathique dAnthony. Logement fidèle à la description. Chambre spacieuse, très belle vue..   Très bien placé : beaucoup de choses peuvent être faites à pieds, mais également à deux blocs seulement du métro.  Nous n’avons rencontré Anthony qu’à la toute fin du séjour, mais l’entrée dans les lieux s’est faite sans soucis grâce au concierge à qui il avait remis les clefs.   Communication au top, et petites suggestions d’adresses de restaurants situés à proximité laissées à disposition dans la chambre. Great host. We saw Anthony only the first day. Great location. ;)	1
118	I enjoyed the flat the 3 nights I stayed over. Thanks Lala Fun cozy unit in a great neighborhood. Very flexible host. Theres a artisan donut shop next door! Would def come again  Lala is great. She is very attentive to any issues and lets you do your thing and enjoy her place responsibly - consenting adults. She is great, kind and polite.  Great location. Fast responses to inquires. The West Village apartment was very small, but sufficient for having a place to crash at the end of a day of sightseeing. There were lots of cute cafes and restaurants nearby that we enjoyed checking out as well. Subway stop isnt too far- less than a 10 minute walk. The apartment was relatively easy to get into/access and the elevator is a big plus! The host canceled this reservation 6 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	1
119	The host canceled this reservation 52 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 34 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Delightful apartment on the Upper East Side.  Beautifully decorated with extra nice kitchen and bath.  Host was wonderful, checking in frequently.  I would definitely stay here again.   Michele is a very welcoming host and we found the apartment as expected from description. Neighborhood is quite convenient with a lot of restaurants and metro Line 77 just few blocks distance. There is not a real bed, but a sofa that become a bed when opened and a spare foldable bed. We found the accommodation comfortable anyway, cos supplementary mattresses are provided to cover the sofa surface when opened.   I was traveling with my mom, almost 70 I would recommend the place more to young couples instead. Apartment is clean and well equipped. We faced some problems with heaters that was really noisy at night but Michele promptly managed to solve it. I highly recommend the place for solo travelers or young couples as a perfect base to discover downtown New York. Michele is a wonderful, gracious and kind host. The home is an oasis, very clean and comfortable and a convenient location. This was our first experience with Airbnb and it could not have gone better.  I look forward to staying here again! El departamento es de fácil acceso, a unas cuadras del subte y de los buses. La comunicación con Michele fue excelente, muy amable y atenta con nosotros. El departamento es muy cómodo y amplio. Volveríamos sin dudas!  The host canceled this reservation 7 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Stay here! Such a cute place, amazing location and extra little outdoor space. It was a perfect fit for my two other guest and I. Right above a cute cafe, Central Park is near as well as the subway. Michele was so helpful and even held our luggage for us after we checked out! Cant ask for a better host or place than this! Micheles place was great! The area was quite and its a short subway ride to Times Square and downtown. The appartment is wonderful, super clean and accessible to everything. The host is super friendly and helpful. Excelente ubicación, muy cerca de atracciones y ambiente seguro, el café que esta justo abajo es buenísimo. El departamento es tal como se ve en las fotografías y perfecto para una estadía en Nueva York. We spent 9 days in Michele’s apartment (that,just to know) right close to a coffee bar where you can find her. Everything was fine except for the towels and bed sheets. The place is perfect for two and you can reach the Yellow subway line in 15 minutes. I would definitely recommend this apartment and would stay at Micheles place again. I lived on the Upper East Side for 3 years so I enjoyed my time being back in the neighborhood. Youre a 4 block walk to the 6 train or a 35 minute walk to midtown. Plenty of great restaurants, bars, and parks all close by.  Check in was straight forward and everything as listed (bonus outdoor space). Great location! Easy to get around. Great place in Manhattan west side!! Michele was wonderful. Always available, always nice. The apartment is just as shown in the pictures, clean, well maintained, really beautiful neighborhood. Ill definitely stay again in Micheles place. Nice and clean apartment, close to the subway, nice neighborhood, very close to some great eating places, in walking distance to the MET and Central Park. El lugar es chico pero super comodo para 3 personas. En una zona linda y super segura. El cafe de abajo del departamento es increíble y hay una estación de metro a unas cuadras. Definitivamente regresaría Clean and tidy apartment in Upper East Side Manhattan. Michele was a friendly host and replied very quickly whenever we had any questions. Thanks Michelle was a wonderful host! Her apartment is in a great location, near some subways lines that connect you to the principals areas of Manhattan. She always was available for any question that we had.  Again, thanks a lot Michelle for your hospitaly :) El apto muy bonito y agradable, hacia mucho frio y la calefacción no estaba encendida , no supimos como hacer Michele was very flexible with our checkin - we were able to check in about 5 hours early! There were lots of clean sheets and towels available, and she was helpful with tourist info. Very happy overall, just not very pleased with black mould above the shower!  Really nice space and great communication from Michele! Michele was very prompt in replying, made herself available and was very friendly. The flat is in a fantastic location, with a lot of things nearby and everything you could need in the flat. Its a unit with only two flats and a couple if steps so not having an elevator doesn’t come in the way. I got some welcome cookies and water which came in handy.  Recommend it Nous avons passé un très bon séjour dans lappartement de Michele. Il est très bien situé, propre et confortable. Nous avons été parfaitement reçus et Michele est très disponible et serviable. Encore merci pour tout et désolé davoir quitter lappartement avec un peu de retard.  Axel & Charlene.	1
120	Great apartment on a quiet block. Airy space, clean, with great internet and a fantastic location. Thank you! The location was awesome, I walked the city half the time. The place was also great - not hotel-fancy, but clean and just what you need to enjoy the city and get a good nights sleep every night to be ready for the next day. Bryan was also very responsible and answered all my questions patiently (this was my first Airbnb stay). I would stay there again! The host canceled this reservation 8 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Nice small place in a good location but not the cleanest bathroom. Host was unreachable during the stay but was responsive before-hand. Good places to eat around the apartment. Also apartment was cold and is on the 4th floor so be ready to carry all your baggages up 3 flights of stairs (no elevator).  The host canceled this reservation 124 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great apartment central to everything, tons of food and bars and easy access to subway stations. Very responsive host. Would use again.  The host canceled this reservation 7 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. As a first time traveler to NYC, I didnt really know what to expect or where to stay. Bryans place absolutely exceeded our expectations! The location was PERFECT (Close to transit, food, and shops), the apartment was so quiet, and the place was spacious enough for the two of us to move around freely. I would highly recommend Bryans place if you are looking for a quiet place to rest after a busy day in the city! The host canceled this reservation 4 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great location! Perfect spot for a quick trip to NY, very accessible to large swaths of the city. Bryan was a great host. His place was clean, comfortable, affordable and conveniently located, as described. Check-in was a breeze. Would stay again! Bryans apartment worked great for my recent stay in New York City.  The apartment was clean, key pickup was easy, and the location allowed us to get around Manhattan easily. Clean and comfortable space in a great location - I could not have asked for anything more for my first trip to NYC. I never got to meet Bryan in person but he was super communicative over text, no problems at all. Do note that it is a 4th floor walkup, which isnt specified in the listing (another review mentioned it, so luckily I was prepared). Would stay again! Thank you Bryan! The host canceled this reservation 3 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Nice place, great location and a kind and accesible host. The area is safe and live, with plenty of nice pubs and restaurants around and it is just a short and nice walk to the Empire State for example. The apartment has everthing you need to enjoy some days in Manhattan. Also close to several metro lines. I would repeat. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great location, very close to transit (Union Sq), and walkable to lots of cool places nearby. Highly recommend the area to stay when visiting NYC.	1
121	The apartment was decent, not super fancy but not a rat hole. Pretty much exactly as depicted in the photos and described in the ad. The location was good for our needs. Benjamin met us at the unit for a seamless key exchange. We booked Benjamins place for a long weekend to visit family in Manhattan. Traveling with an infant to New York was a bit of a challenge, but what a great home base to have!    Weve been to New York several times and were planning on spending much more time in the apartment due to naps and early bedtimes and this was the perfect place. It was big enough to have people for dinner, and we even did a bit of cooking in the very functional kitchen (dagostinos and a good wine shop around the corner certainly facilitated!)    Its on the fourth floor in a walk-up building, but the stairs werent bad at all - even with a stroller in tow. easy access to the 4-5-6 train and a quick walk to Flatiron and Chelsea.     Benjamin was a fantastic host, and was very flexible and understanding regarding checkin and checkout and checked in to make sure we were having the best stay we could.     All in all, I would completely recommend this place for singles, couples or families, as long as you can do a few stairs - and I do mean a few. Ive already recommended the place to my older parents.  We are four guests and the apartment was comfortable. The host was very nice and helpful. I would recommend this apartment for everyone who wants to enjoy NYC. Siamo una famiglia di 4 persone e siamo stati a New York a metà Aprile.  La casa è meno luminosa, meno in ordine e meno grande di quanto appaia nelle foto.   Benjamin è stato molto disponibile quando abbiamo avuto bisogno di contattarlo, anche se non ha potuto far nulla per quello che è stato un problema persistente:  nellappartamento il caldo era soffocante, e nel soggiorno (dove dormivano i ragazzi) il termosifone non ha mai smesso di fischiare, compreso la notte.   La temperatura era sui 30 gradi, senza possibilità di fare nulla e le finestre si aprivano solo parzialmente.  Per contro, la finestra della camera da letto non si può chiudere, per la presenza del condizionatore, quindi entra tutto il rumore dalla strada.  In piena estate immagino che il problema del riscaldamento non sussista, ma per linverno non mi sento di consigliare questo appartamento.  La posizione è ottima, con la metropolitana a 10 minuti a piedi. The apartment was everything Benjamin said it would be -- comfortable and convenient, and close to things like Union Square and Madison Square Park. He had a friend waiting to give me the keys, and she very kindly stuck around even though I was an hour late (my flight was delayed). The bed was comfortable, it was nice to have air conditioning and the wireless worked great. The only wrinkle was that there wasnt a lot of hot water in the shower, but that was a minor inconvenience at best -- and there is no elevator, but it was only the third floor, so that wasnt a big deal. Will break it down into Pros and Cons.  Pros -  Benjamin was a great host, apartment was very spacious (suitable for a single or a couple), location was decent and close to the subway, kitchen was well-stocked and AC was great.  Cons -  Water pressure in shower was weak, hot water in shower was a major issue (either none at all or had to wait 30 minutes), its a 3rd floor walk-up which was difficult with all my luggage, not enough electrical sockets in convenient places, no full-length mirror, towels were clean but stained which is off-putting, toilet leaked every time I flushed, there were barely any hangers in the closet, you cant close the door to the bedroom and bedding had a dusty smell so I had to wash the sheets. The apartment was conveniently located and comfortable. All the amenities were as described. Benjamin was responsive and great to deal with. A few more electrical sockets would have been good. The apartment, is well located. But the relationship price and quality is bad. The apartment has only one bedroom and you cannot close the door because if you close the door it is locked.  Which means that in the apartment you do not have privacy. When you walk the floor it does a lot of noise , if you walk in the kitchen/living room or in the bedroom it feels from the other room. Also you can hear the noises from the upstairs  apartment.  The apartment is in the third floor and the stairs are very uncomfortable and steep.    The host was kind to solve us problems, but he solve none. The first day we had no hot water, when it was fixed we had to wait half an hour for the hot water came to the third floor. The income schedule is not flexible,  after a very long trip we waited 6 hours to come to the apartment.    The worse thing was after paying 2.000 dollars and kip the apartment in good conditions, he claim 5 dollars for a blub that we broke. days before we told  him what had happened, we try to fix it and buy a new bulb but we could not separate the bulb from the lamp.    The service is not equal to the price of the apartment, I suggest to you to search other apartment .   	0
122	"Jackies apartment was the best. Cozy,nice and clean. The location was perfect, right in the middle of meatpacking. It was a walk away from all of the best places to eat and go out.  Jackie was an incredible host, always responding to my questions and making sure that I was comfortable in her apartment. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a quick or extended stay in NYC! Jackies place is absolutely fantastic! It is even so much nicer than the pictures. The apartment is so clean and spacious. I felt like home and Jackie was always there for any question I had. The location is the best in Manhattan, I went every morning to have breakfast at the Chelsea Market and every night I tried a different restaurant in Meatpacking. You have everything walking distance. I would definitely stay here again! Thank you Jackie :) Highly recommended apartment and host! The location is unbeatable, right in Chelsea and Meatpacking and the subway is downstairs (super convenient). A lot of things to do in the area, I went every morning to take a walk at the Highline and then workout at Equinox next to Chelsea Market. Jackie recommended me a couple good restaurants too! The beds are very comfortable and the apartment is very well decorated. Easy, clean and convenient! Right next to the subway and across the street from (Hidden by Airbnb) so Id recommend highly for any (Hidden by Airbnb) rs. Jackie and John made my stay painless and accommodated my crazy schedule. Would stay with them again anytime! Cosy apartment in a great location. One bedroom much larger than the other and on main road so noisy but thats NYC and didnt bother us. Check in with John was easy and he let us leave bags on Sunday which meant we didnt have to drag them round with us. Great stay and would definitely stay there again!  Jackies place was great. Awesome location, the place was clean and spacious, and her team was very nice and accommodating. A great find when looking for a place to stay in NYC. Super pour quelques jours de boulot  The apartment was spacious, really clean & neat. We liked the location very much.  The hosts were very accommodating -- however, it would be nice to have two keys if you are two people, as with only key we were required to coordinate our comings & goings. This is not a doorman building.  The place was clean and cozy.   The wifi worked fine.  The location is several blocks from the High Line, Chelsea Market, and close to the subway. Citibike rentals is right across the street.  One of the bedrooms faces the busy street without light blocking curtains, so bring your eye shades and ear plugs. The logistics of getting into the home was frustrating, so hopefully the manager will improve that.  The manager was responsive and friendly.  He let us leave our luggage in the home for a few extra hours after check-out. Arriving to a bottle of wine and chocolates was appreciated.   Im not sure who actually owns this home...I communicated with Amanda (a co-owner?) for booking, and it was John that handled the logistics after we arrived, so be prepared to deal with three different people - Jackie, Amanda, and John. My last business trip to NYC was a fantastic one for me, thanks largely thanks to this great apartment. My business takes me to the Meatpacking District, and in 3 days I felt like I was a local -- so much better than an hotel stay! The apartment is decorated very tastefully, a has a great ""chic"" feel, it was so spacious to have a 2 bedroom apt -- compared to the typical rooms I stay in. My boss stayed with me and we were able to be so productive!  In the evening we could walk everywhere I wanted to go -- restaurants and shops from Chelsea to  the village. I always felt safe, and really loved feeling like a local. The apartment is a real NYC one -- so the bathroom isnt comparable to a shiny, high-end hotel bathroom, but its super clean and charmingly quaint. There is a step down, but we had no issues with that at all. I am so looking forward to my next trip for work to NYC - highly recommend staying here! Beautiful apartment in great location. Easy communication. Highly recommended. The apartment is in a fabulous location, walking distance to many amazing restaurants, bakeries and Chelsea Market. There is a subway stop just a few steps from the apartment which was also very convenient. We all agreed the Chelsea neighborhood was our favorite in Manhatten because of the amount of dining options just steps from the apartment. The apartment was comfortable but has basic amenities, the sitting area has a three person love seat and would be best suited for 2-3 people. The bathroom is small but it is NYC so Id still take the small bathroom for the location.  Perfectly located! For business or tourist  The apt is fully furnished, simple and exactly as the description! The communication is great and easy. Vielen Dank für Alles, wir haben eine großartige Zeit in NYC verbracht. Dein Freund John hat sich perfekt um Uns gekümmert, er war absolut zuverlässig, hilfsbereit und freundlich. Die Lage der Wohnung in Chelsea ist super.  Great location The apartment is the the best location! Close to everything you can ever want - Chelsea market, High line, great cafes, restaurants and shopping! Two bedrooms made travel with an infant easy, as she had her own room to nap and sleep in. The second floor walk up was also convinient for traveling with a baby. The apartment is very clean, well maintained and the communication was seamless! We had a late afternoon flight and the host was able to accommodate a later checkout which was tremendous! We had a great stay for an extended weekend in NYC. The apartment is in a great central location and easily accessible to uptown or downtown locations. The Chelsea area is amazing, so you cant go wrong staying here! Enjoy your stay.  Fantastic location and great hospitality! Thank you again for hosting us! Amazing experience overall:  - Hosts: Amazing experience and customer experience. Always available and checking if they can help you in any way. Very professional   - Place: Amazing place, very good size for my family, very clean and amazing location, close to great restaurants, subway and main attractions   Looking forward to staying there again next time Im in town    Posizione dellalloggio comoda, vicino alla fermata della metro. Il quartiere è molto carino. Host molto disponibili, anche durante il soggiorno. Lalloggio sarebbe sicuramente troppo piccolo per viverci in 6 ma se lo utilizzate come noi solo per dormire, lavarvi e fare colazione è perfetto.  Loved the apartment. Loved Chelsea. Location amazing for visit to New York. Flights were delayed and arrived late with no issues. Communication was great. Thanks Jackie.  Apartment was fine (walls had basic decor with the Target or TJ Maxx sticker still on them) -- definitely an apartment used only for commercial Airbnb. The location is unbeatable, directly across the street from (Hidden by Airbnb) NY. But the host communication and check-in process was downright bizarre. First I get a message from ""Amanda"" through Aviva IQ (marketed as software to automate Airbnb messages) and see that the apartment is co-hosted by ""Jackie"" -- both of whom are apparently based in Los Angeles, not New York. ""Amandas"" automated message includes a long message saying to text ""John"" when I arrive. Then ""John"" puts me on a group text with ""Edwin,"" who supposedly will be checking me in. Then ""Edwin"" sends me another long text and video for how to find the lockbox via a walking tour a block away behind some restaurant. (Fun if you like scavenger hunts I guess). His message includes the warning ""And very important we never say airbnb you know in NY how it is"" ... kinda sketchy. And then I get a random text from ""Pepe"" who allegedly mixed me up on their spreadsheet, telling me to meet him in front of the Chase bank, and even after I informed him he had the wrong number he continued to text me. Bear in mind I never actually met any of these people. SO, decent apartment in a great location, but impersonal, obnoxious, and at times questionable communication with the ""hosts."" Amazing location that will make you want to move to Chelsea.  We really enjoyed staying here. Subway is steps away. The Hudson River greenway and High Line are about 10 minute walk away. There are many delicious restaurants within a 2 block radius.  Es una apartamento compacto con una habitación principal amplia. Puede accederse independientemente y esta ubicado cerca del transporte publico. Su decoración es moderna y agradable. Permite el uso de un colchón inflable en el caso de alquilarlo para mas de 4 personas. Tiene un único baño pequeño que funciona perfectamente. Los mayores inconvenientes encontrados fueron el nivel de ruido en el cuarto principal y la falta de vistas agradables desde las ventanas. Las personas que alquilan el apartamento son gentiles y eficientes. Nice utilitarian apartment in a great location close to the High line elevated rail park and Greenwich village jazz scene. We loved this place. After reading some of the comments, we were a little skeptical, because of the multiple hand-offs and questions as to who really owns this place... but that didnt matter. Everyone we talked to was great. They were quick to respond to requests and questions, they were kind and they went out of their way to make sure we were comfortable and taken care of. The location couldnt have been more perfect. It was a central location to several New York landmarks and made walking and taking the subway simple to get to other parts of the city.  We were traveling with a baby and this place was comfortable for the whole family. The air conditioning units in each room was also the perfect counter to the hot and humid New York days.  This was a great place and I would highly recommend this place with this team for anyone considering staying in New York.  Thank you to the entire team, Amanda, Jackie, John and Edwin! Would stay again  Great location near all subway access. Clean and simple. Quiet in the rear of the building Amazing location, responsive hosts - everything was easy! If you read nothing else that I share, you should know that the apartment had a strong smell and is in the front of the building on a busy street. If you are sensitive to noise or odors/scent, this may not be the apartment for you.    1. Smell: The apartment smelled of some combination of smoke,  chemical-air-freshener, and food. This overwhelming smell lead to my feeling sicker/sicker - with a dry throat as though I were in a bar, and the longer I stayed in the apartment, I developed a strong headache. It doesnt help that there are A/C units on the front windows facing the street - where people are smoking. Either someones smoking in the building, or the smoke is coming in via the window units from the street below. Either way, it was present and strong.   2. Noise: The window units = the windows are open, which means it’s all street noise comes right in. Another review for this listing says its quiet and in the back of the building, which, it isn’t. It’s in the front. On a busy street. My expectation going in, as a result of the review, was that the apartment was going to be both quiet and in the back of the building, which it was neither.  3. Bathroom: The bathroom was not the same bathroom as pictured in the listing - it was an entirely different bathroom. Also, the bathroom window doesn’t lock, and there’s a sketch ladder leading up to a platform outside the bathroom window. Further, the shower wall grout was dark orange/stained, and it looked dirty, even if itd been cleaned.  Overall, maybe Im a sensitive sally, but it was such a shock to all of my senses that I had to leave after a few hours of being in there. Apartment is exactly how it appears in the listing. Would stay here again Clean and modern apartment. Check in was easy, John got us right in and set up. Furniture was modern and newer, apartment was a decent size and accurate. This apartment is in a good location but it is in a noisy area if you mind city noise, (I didnt mind). It is small, especially the bathroom. It is decent and I would recommend, value is not the best. Hosts are very informative and communicative. They respond in a timely manner. Communication was excellent.  no delay in responses. Great communication, awesome location and the best sense of humor! Pros & cons;   Pros:  - Good location  - Relatively spacious apartment  - Attentive host  - The two beds are comfy   Cons:  - Fake pictures used in the advert (not the same bathroom or living area as in the picture) - Tiny bathroom (hence no picture) - Very noisy bedroom (although it is NYC - so this is to be expected)  It’s a decent enough apartment but you are paying for the location, not the pad.  That is why the majority of pictures in the advert are of tourist attractions and a different apartment - not the apartment itself. Pros: Nice spot in a very convenient Location. Very Easy Check In instruction, good WiFi connection very good support and easy communication during the say. Good heater system. Cons: Pictures do not replicate actual apartment condition. Master bed is supported by a wooden palled. Mattresses are not good. Windows are not properly sealed (cold and noisy) . Bed sheets were not clean. Bathroom is very small and with leakage (not major) Personal Opinion:  ""I wouldt  stay there again unless serious actions are taken"" nice place We brought our family of four to stay in this apartment for 5 nights. We selected the apartment for its location in Chelsea and because we wanted a bit more space than you get in a hotel.   The location was terrific.... right across from the (Hidden by Airbnb) offices, 2 blocks away from Chelsea Market, near the Rubin Himalayan Museum and near to restaurants, the subway, etc.  There is also a gym across the street where you can buy a day membership (very convenient!)  The apartment was very basically furnished and not as comfortable for a family as we had hoped.  The beds are not comfortable and the linens were mismatched and worn. The bathroom is small (though the hot water was plentiful (didnt run out with 4 people).  (Note: This is not a good unit for an older person, by the way, as there is an awkward step up into the bathroom  and someone could easily trip).  We had some issues with the condition of the apartment when we checked in, and to his credit, the apartment manager addressed the issues the next day, fixed what was broken, and was responsive and polite.  We appreciated his assistance.  In short, if you are looking for a great location and dont really care about amenities, this place is fine. If you are seeking a higher level of quality, then this might not be the place for you. Love the location. The space was exactly as described. Host response was fast and helpful."	0
123	Samantha was great, even helped me up the winding staircase.  Overall she was very responsive snd the accommodations were fair.  The neighborhood was decent even at night with a great Asian restaurant in 5m walking distance.  Windows could be more private for families and some areas more spruced up.  With a few changes she would get near perfect ratings. nice place to stay/beautiful apartment. subway station is a block away and there are lots of places to eat within a 5-10min radius.  Though quite far from the places you would want to visit as a tourist in New York City, the apartment is quite accessible via the subway (2 min walk). The apartment is quite spacious and the kitchen and bathrooms are working perfectly. Be prepared to bring up your luggage though since the building doesnt have an elevator. Overall we enjoyed our stay here. Thanks Samantha! Check with Samantha about the address. She listed the wrong building address during my stay and had an issue getting in for obvious reasons. Location is near the metro but is not the best neighborhood. I would not rent a car for the area. Parking is difficult. The unit is about 4 flights up with no elevator. (good for exercise).  The unit is nicely renovated with good wifi. It doesnt come with a coffee maker or toaster.  The place was nice. Check in was bad though. The cleaning crew broke the key and didnt replace it. I had to go through several phone calls before we reached the host friend Alexa and she traveled all the way from Brooklyn to come make me a new key and let me in. The wrong building number was on the location. And me and Alexa tried 3 apartments and 2 buildings before we figured it out.  Overall it was a nice cozy apartment. My check in experience shouldnt effect your thoughts.  Samanthas Place was nice and clean. Its close to the subway and has some nice restaurants around.  I had some issues to find the right apartment because she gave me the wrong address. Also she wasnt available per phone.  Leider haben wir die falsche Adresse von Samantha bekommen, so dass das Check in total chaotisch war... unter anderem standen wir in einer noch bewohnten Wohnung...haben das Gepäck in diversen Gebäuden 3x in den 4. Stock hoch und runter getragen...nicht unbedingt das, was man nach einer sehr langen Anreise noch braucht - hier ist definitiv ganz viel Verbesserungspotential ! Das Wifi hat nicht funktioniert und leider hat sich Samantha trotz mehrfacher Kontaktaufnahme erst 2 Tage später gemeldet. Leider funktioniert die Geschirrspülmaschine in diesem Appartement nicht. Die Verkehrsanbindung ist gut (Metro 2Min.) - allerdings ist es nicht die beste Gegend und als Frau allein würde ich hier bei Dunkelheit nicht mehr unterwegs sein wollen. Wir waren zu viert und von daher / in der Gruppe haben wir uns immer sicher gefühlt. Die Möbelierung war wie auf den Fotos , allerdings war nicht sehr gründlich geputzt worden.  Hostess was very responsive every time I text her. Our family of 4 (2 adults/2 teens) enjoyed our NY stay.  Pros: Close to train stations/ less than 2 blocks away. About a 20-30 minute ride into mid-town or lower Manhattan.  Close to major street - Broadway which you can find plenty of restaurants, food, and coffee. Cons: Apartment is on the 4th floor/ no elevators. (my family and I were okay with the stairs) Limited furnishing for a limited small NY place. One couch/futon in the living room and 2 stools in the kitchen area; we used the table that the TV is on as a coffee/dining table; no storage spaces such as dresser/drawers/nightstand. Limited kitchen supplies; no coffee maker/ toaster I stayed a week at this place and check in was a little bit rough being that the keys were not in the lock box for the particular building and the lockbox code did not work the WiFi and cable did not work as well the Wi-Fi was reactivated my third or fourth day. There is no elevator in this building and 5 flights of stairs to get to the unit is a little bit rough but we managed. There was a funny odor inside this unit and I think it had to do with a water bubble in the bathroom over the shower on the ceiling that was filled with stinky water and continue to leak. And that also brought a lot of flies inside the unit as well the pull-out sofa on the left side was broken the mattress kept falling through the frame. The location of the unit was great lots of choices on food around the area The Neighbors and neighborhood was safe even at night subway station is a block away and very accessible to everything via the 1 train and the A,C train aldo. With some improvement this property would be a decent property The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. We stayed at Samanthas place for three nights and loved it!  After a long trip from Germany to New York we had issues finding the keylock, but this was due to the fact, that we did not know exactly what to look for, calling Samantha got us where we needed to be and she was very responsive. The walk to the Metro station is only a few minutes and getting to Downtown Manhattan takes about 25 - 30 minutes. There are groceries, bars and restaurants in the area so we could get stuff for breakfast and found good food for dinner.  The beds are pretty good and the AC got temperatures to bearable levels quite quickly. Only the seating options are sort of limited, but we managed to get our breakfasts eaten and ready for wonderful days in New York. The apartment appeared as it is in the photos, and is a great location if you are visiting a student at Columbia medical center. The neighbors are very nice and it is close to subway stops. We had some good meals in the area as well. Look for wifi info in the little book on the counter. Nice and clean apartment. Keys were found easily, WiFi worked. Subway is near by and Manhattan can be reached fast. Unfortunately the kitchen is not well equipped and there are only two (wobbly) stools for 4 persons. This was a bit uncomfortable since we travelled with kids and had breakfast and dinner at the apartment.  This is a wonderful apartment, located close the subway. Check in and Check out was super easy. We found several little places to eat around the area. The apartment was just the lodging we were needing. Thank you for housing my friends and being understanding w scheduling arrangements. They said they had a good time and enjoyed the place. It was easy to get around for them not being familiar w the city or neighborhood. Very close to Columbia & the subway which made getting around easy. The place is nice & as pictured. There is only one mirror which can make getting ready a challenge. The address provided was incorrect. The correct building is just around the corner but did cause some confusion during check in. Samantha was available by phone & the super showed us the correct building. Great place to stay at and close to the trains so if youre visiting its easy to walk to and get where you need to get. Samantha was really good at answering back as well. And was quick to accommodate us. If you want a place to sleep after a long day in NY this is it! This apartment is at a ridiculously bad condition. The apartment looks okay at first when you just walk in. Then the heater starts to make some weird noise and leak. The room becomes very humid and hot because of the heater, you can barely breath inside the room. The tv shelf falls in the middle of the night which is very scary. When you try to contact the owner and she just doesnt reply to your message. After two days she finally replies and says that she will have someone to come over but you wont even see a person pass by. It was the worst airbnb experience Ive ever had. Samantha was great! Her apartment is very close to the Subway which we loved. The walk up to the apartment wasn’t too bad. The apartment was clean and cute! We had everything we needed. It was a great experience. La posizione dellappartamento è molto comoda, vicino alla fermata della metropolitana. Casa calda,consigliata al massimo per un gruppo di 4 persone,ci sono solo due sedie e un bagnetto. attenzione se viaggiate con bambini,molti cavi e fili a vista. Ospite difficilmente raggiungibile,ci ha lasciato un paio di chiavi sbagliato e siamo rimasti chiusi fuori. Non riuscivamo a chiamarla.	0
124	Very beautiful apartment and area. The host cares about the guests. I give five stars for that. Place was as described. New, clean, in a central location in the Bronx with the Metro North to Manhattan very close by. Also, the hosts were great and made sure that I was comfortable during my stay. I would highly recommend it Nihads place is great. My only issue was the parking situation. It took me 30 mins one night to find a spot and you have to pay the meter every 2 hours. Other than that it was very comfortable and close to tons of places to eat. Great Great host! Apartment was very clean and stylish. I would stay again , and I recommend this apartment to anyone staying in the area. This little place made for a perfect stay! We had a great time! The smell of fresh baked bread from all of the bakeries on the street was a plus, too. Thanks for being so accommodating! The rooms were spotless and the beds were super comfortable! Nihads communication was impeccable from booking until departure. He is very accommodating for any needs you may have. The bnb is very nice, clean, and discrete. Location was in a nice neighborhood that close to many things in walking distance should you need anything. Parking is scarce like indicated, however, I found parking right in front the whole visit! I would definitely recommend Nihad if you are visiting NYC and I would definitely rebook with him. Location is perfect. Apartment is perfect. Host were perfect. As you might expect when traveling to New York, parking is a nightmare but with this location I was able to find parking in front of the apartment. Overall, I will rent again in the future. Nihad’s place is clean, private, and has great basic amenities. There is a stove, oven, toaster, fridge, Keurig, and toaster, but no microwave. The walk to the Metro North station was about 15 minutes, and then about a 20ish minutes ride to Grand Central. The neighborhood is lively, vibrant, and has so many delicious food options. I think the last time I had Italian food of this quality was in, well, Italy. There was a lot to explore on Arthur Ave; I especially liked Prince Coffee, San Gennaro, Casa Della Mozzarella, and Full Moon Pizza. Nihad was very easy to reach and answered questions and concerns promptly. I had a great stay here and will definitely be bookmarking this one for future trips. Nihad was very friendly and welcoming! He greeted us with the key and made sure we had all the information we needed, as well as gave wonderful recommendations for places to eat, etc. he was very responsive and answered all of my messages very quickly, which was an added bonus. The apartment is very clean and was exactly as described. Very modern and very cozy.   He thought of everything- K cups for coffee, various toiletries, extra blankets, etc. We loved our stay and had no issues with the cleanliness or the apartment itself. The location was great and the surrounding restaurants were even greater. I have been to NYC several times but never had the chance to visit the Bronx before, but I am so glad I have! Friendly A nice place to stay! Nihad is a really helpful host trying to make us comfortable at his place, the heater sometimes can be a bit noisy but dont really bother, the neighborhood is nice with lots of good restaurants. All in all is a really nice place to spent a vacation! Great place! Nihad was amazing. Hes really sweet and answered all the questions I had as this was the first time using airb&b. The location is tucked away and quiet but still right there on Arthur Ave! Steps away from all the amazing food and shops. Super clean and comfy. Cant wait to go back! I love the place ...I will definitely stay here again Nihad was an amazing host and always reachable. My family enjoyed his home and the amazing restaurants surrounding the area. Would definitely recommend this to others! Great secure location on historic Arthur avenue! Great for couples, groups or families with older kids. Nihad’s place was fantastic!  We were visiting a friend at Fordham and this place is perfect!  The food in the markets all around his place was some if the best I have ever had! This place is wonderful	1
125	Donalds apartment is super well located, in the heart of East Village, only 2 minutes from the subway (L ligne - 1rst avenue).  A few minutes to Brooklyn and the lovely Bedford Avenue / Williamsburg area, and from the center of Manhattan.  The place is bright, well decorated and very quiet (which is rare in NY).  Dans apartment is great, you have a huge amount of space for New York, it is also in a great location with lots of cool bars and restaurants close by. You only have to walk up one flight of stairs which is also a plus. The bed is huge and he has a 50+ inch TV with cable so there is not a lot more you can ask for. Dan was very accommodating and managed to allow me access with less than 2 days notice.  The price of the apartment is reasonable and the fact that he was so flexible with leaving times made my trip a lot easier. I would definitely recommend staying here. The reservation was canceled the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. As we were going to stay for 8 days, we wanted to see the flat first to make sure everything was OK before doing the final booking. Donald was so gracious to grant our request and come over and show us the flat. In general communication with Donald was excellent.    The flat is really large for New York and it gives a sense of space. Donald has all the equipment at home to make a stay comfortable and even to turn the flat into a home office.     Great location and spacious apartment. The arrival process was easy thanks to one of Donalds coworker who gave us the keys. I would stay there again. Dan was a wonderful host and was very flexible with our check out time which was fantastic.  The location is great - lots of great restaurants and coffee shops around.  The apartment is big and airy and very comfortable. Lovely and large apartment in a great location. great location, spacious apartment, good communication with host. Donald was great about accommodating our early arrival. We had a great time. There are not enough words to say how PERFECT this flat is. Ideally located, spacious, lots of light, incredible bed, This is a NO FLAW flat. Don is the most adorable, accomodating host. His place is the best. Its a 3 min walk from the subway, tons of restaurants and bars in the block YET the place is incredible quiet and calm. People, this is the best you can ever find on Airbnb in NY. I recommend it and i will return <3  Great place in east village, pretty spacious! Donald was great at communication, and was very helpful/flexible for the keys pick up and drop off. Amazing location! We had a great stay.  The place was very spacious and Dan was very easy to communicate with. The location seems very safe and was close by to everything you need. Great place.  Better than described.  Perfect location. Very spacious and centrally located apartment. Love the funky East Village vibe. Its an easy walk to plenty of cool restaurants, bars, and coffee shops. We would definitely stay here again!	1
126	"Amy is a great host. She lives in the downstairs apartment and was home when we arrived to get the key. She showed us upstairs and gave us towels and quick tour of the kitchen. We had all the essentials: coffee grinder, cooking stuff, wifi, stereo. The place was clean and nice and there were books and art on the walls. Red Hook is a cool neighborhood. Its about a 15 minute walk to the subway. (Hidden by Airbnb) says to take the B61 bus to downtown brooklyn which stops right in front. We wound up calling Uber a few times. No worries, Id definitely stay here again! This is a great place to stay - clean, crisp and simple, a classic new york apartment in the best way- wood floors and trim, clawfoot tub/shower with cool art and beautiful rugs that make the place feel cozy. Windows look out onto sky and rooftops so it feels airy. Neighborhood has good coffee shops, restaurants and easy bus access. I took the 61 bus to downtown Brooklyn and then hopped on a citibike and rode across the Brooklyn Bridge- its fun, I recommend it! I really enjoyed my stay in Amys appartment! She was incredibly helpful and I was greeted with a lovely block of dark chocolate made locally. The place is private, very comfy and tastefully fitted out. I really enjoyed the huge white bath towels and fresh white linen. It was a very peaceful place to stay with everything you could need. Although Red Hook doesnt have a subway stop, the B61 bus stop is just down the street and comes very frequently. I caught this to the Jay St metro stop and jumped on the subway to Manhattan from there. It was really easy and I felt safe coming home on my own late at night that way. Dont miss dinner at the Brooklyn Crab down the road! I highly recommend staying at Amys if you want a quiet, comfortable place in Brooklyn : ) We had a wonderful time staying at Amys apartment. Amy is such a considerate host. She left us fresh eggs, soda and fresh fruits and a note about the neighborhood. We really enjoyed our stay there.  What a wonderful stay we had at Amys lovely studio in Red Hook! We were welcomed with great communication from Amy about our arrival, a note outlining the studio and the neighborhood, chocolate, and fresh eggs from their hens. The studio feels spacious, with just the right touches - lighting, extra blankets, a range of books and kitchen goods. The neighborhood has so many hidden dining and drinking (Website hidden by Airbnb) maybe I wont write too much about them and theyll stay that way. We took the ferry on the weekend over to Manhattan, and the city from the water was breathtaking. The neighborhood is quiet at night and the community lively on the weekend. Super easy to catch the bus into Brooklyn and the subway. We highly recommend Amys studio for your stay. The host canceled this reservation 43 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Nice apartment located in a fun neighborhood to explore.  Amy was very helpful with her suggestions of local spots.  I also appreciated the provided seltzer water, coffee and milk, which saved me needing to make a trip to the local market. Amy was a wonderful host from start to finish. We had a crazy travel day and had to keep pushing back our check-in time, and she was more than accommodating.     My boyfriend and I were in Brooklyn for a whirlwind trip and the studio was exactly what we needed — quiet, peaceful, light-filled and full of character.     Red Hook is ideal for those driving into the city. Its so close to the highway and we were able to park across the street from the apartment the entire time. Coffee shops and fancy restaurants are around the corner, but if you prefer to dine in, you can shop at Fairway Market nearby.     We loved walking along the water at night; the views of the Statue of Liberty are great! Amy also provided a list of popular Red Hook spots, which was much appreciated.     I highly recommend this space. Its a gem and you can feel it as soon as you step foot inside. We had a great stay in Amys apartment. It was nice and bright, clean, and had a cool artistic Brooklyn feel to it. Theres street parking too. Red Hook is a fun area to explore...tons of shops, restaurants and the pier within walking distance. Amy was very kind and flexible. A great find! The apartment was exactly as advertised online. We had a great stay in Red Hook. Some may find the neighborhood not to their liking but we found it very welcoming and laid back... ""it aint Manhattan"", smile. Red Hook was a pleasant surprise for my wife and I. Amy and Mike were very accommodating allowing my daughter to pick up the key and working with her to allow us to make a very late arrival. Amy and Mike left us alone but we knew that they were right there if we did need anything. Just a nice non-stress environment that we appreciated. It was quiet... restful and it was fun to hear Ships horns from Hudson Bay and the East River mixing in with the clucking chickens in the backyard. And their towels were very NICE.... smile. I guess you need to know that you will need to climb stairs to the apartment but that was all cool for us. Thank you.   Amys apartment in Red Hook was hands down one of the coolest places Ive stayed in thru Airbnb. Amy is very accommodating; she allowed me to arrive much earlier than anticipated to stow away my luggage so I could enjoy my trip prior to actually checking in. The apartment itself is clean, fairly minimal, and really comfortable. Id definitely recommend this apartment to anyone staying in Red Hook or nearby areas of Brooklyn.  Beautiful home and great neighborhood!! Had a great few days there... Just the relaxation we needed... Thank you so much for being such a great host!! Best air b and b place we stayed so far. You need to be up for a trip into the city or put your walking shoes on. We loved it though and would not hesitate to stay here again. It was a real home from home for us. What a sweet little apartment Amy has here. We were in town for a wedding, and it was the perfect place to collapse after long days of wedding-related events. The kitchen saved us when we found ourselves hungry late in the evening, but with no open restaurants (the City may never sleep, but Brooklyn still gets some rest). We were able to make a pot of rice and beans from a nearby corner grocery, and went to bed nice and full after all!    A quick note for potential visitors: if you are used to the train as your form of NY transportation, as I am, you may be surprised to find that there arent any stops nearby. But thankfully, now that Uber and other car services are a thing, its not really an issue. A cab, car service, or your own car will be the best bet if you need to get to other neighborhoods or boroughs.    Amy was a very gracious and lovely host. I really enjoyed meeting her dog, and peeking out the back window to watch the chickens in their coop. I hope we can return sometime soon! Amy war immer erreichbar und hat unsere Fragen umgehend beantwortet. Sie hat uns wunderbar betreut und uns mit wertvollen Tips und Hinweisen versorgt. Wir haben uns sehr wohl gefühlt. Good location. Hosts were super easy to be in touch with. Some improvements to cleanliness needed. Very cozy apartment In a cool Brooklyn neighborhood. It is very close to some awesome dinning spots. The Apartment is very beautiful and just perfect if you want to relax after a long day in the city! Amy is a very helpful host and easy to reach. I would recomment the Apartment to everyone who is looking for an alternative to staying in the city. There are city bike stations nearby which make it easier to get to wherever you want to go. We had a great stay!  A cozy retreat in a cozy neighborhood! Just what we needed while staying in town for a family wedding. Amy was super easy to coordinate with and provided much-appreciated amenities (tea, snacks, coffee and a big bathtub) that made our stay extra convenient and relaxing. Amy was a wonderful host and was so accommodating when we asked for an early check-in. The best little apartment for a quiet stay in Brooklyn! Thank you, Amy!!! Had a great stay at this location. The neighborhood and atmosphere of the room was outstanding and we really enjoyed the proximity to the places we were traveling to over the weekend. It was a nice change from the congestion of Manhattan and we look forward to staying here again in the future Amy was polite and helpful.  It is a nice studio in a safe neighborhood.  Walking distance to grocery stores and some good restaurants in the Red Hook area.   Studio bien équipé, calme, superbement situé, décoré avec soin et lit super confortable!  Nous y reviendrons avec beaucoup de plaisir.  Thank you so much, Amy, for sharing your nice and beautiful place! Amys studio is a perfect Brooklyn retreat. Lots of light, relaxing and clean, and very comfortable bed! I will definitely stay again for any Brooklyn visits.  Totally adorable spot, easy to walk to and with a great view from the upper floor. Felt very private, considering that the host family lives downstairs. Stylish furnishings, comfortable bathroom, couldnt have asked for more :) Great experience. Amazing neighborhood. Host was very easy to work with. I will be staying here again on my next trip to NYC.  lieu agréable et calme. un peu éloigné certes mais une fois le trajet repéré avec le Bus 61 en relais du métro à Jay Street Metro Tech, tout va bien...  quartier en pleine mutation.   Amy a été très disponible par mail pendant le séjour et cette chambre est vraiment accueillante et chaleureuse, intégrée au premier étage de leur maison...  le lit très confortable. déco très sympa.. jen garde un bon souvenir globalement. We spent a few nights in Red Hook before a departure on the Queen Mary at the Brooklyn Cruise Terminal. Amys studio was a quiet, relaxing place to be with a comfortable bed and no city noise. Great restaurants in walking distance and an amazing grocery store. Paul and I also took the citi bikes around during the day and found that to be very easy. Loved the claw foot bath tub for a soak. Wonderful energy in this cozy place and talented helpful host. Amy was very easy to communicate with and quick to respond. The space was perfect and kept very nice.  Amy is very easy to communicate with. The entire process from check-in to check out was a breeze. My mother and I were in NYC for a photo exhibit for two nights and it was a joy to go from the chaos of Manhattan to the calm world of Red Hook. It is extremely easy to get to the apartment via both the subway and buses. 10/10 would stay again (are looking forward to staying again!!).  We had a very nice stay at the studio. Very clean & comfy. Amy provided a warm welcome with goodies and all the information needed.     Red Hook is a quaint neighborhood and the bus offers easy transportation into Brooklyn and to subway.  Amys place is amazing! Great access to any Red Hook needs, clean, spacious studio with all the amenities you would need. Amy was super helpful and flexible when needed, definitely recommend! My second stay here was too brief! I love Amys apartment. The neighborhood is so quiet and the apartment so very peaceful. I would stay here for every trip to New York if it were possible.  Where do I begin,  Amys place was such an escape from the loudness of NYC. It feels like you have made a trip to a small easy going town, still just a quick bus ride away from busy midtown Brooklyn.   There is some kind of a relaxing and kind spirit in the apartment that really made my stay there so relaxing. The record collection is amazing too!  Amy was so helpful and kind to me and always available for any help.   I highly recommend this lovely find, Red Hook has such a character that doesnt compare to the rest of the city.  I would definitely stay at Amys place again.    Amys appartement was perfectly fitting our needs, it is very clean and quiet. It is located in a upcoming neighborhood, Red Hook, a very quiet and nice place to live. Close by there are a lot of groocery stores, restaurants and cafes. Amy was a perfect host, she gave us some hints, where to buy food, where to go for breakfast or dinner. Also subway is in walking distance. For our next trip to NYC well plan to stay again at Amys place.   Best wishes,  Sarah & Lukas Amys place is absolutely perfect! Its cozy, bright and airy and comes with the nicest set of records and record player. Did I mention the killer tub? A must do after a long day of roaming around the city. Its a block from quaint restaurants and shops and is the epitome of Red Hook. We loved our stay and Amy was communicative and available. She made check-in simple and convenient. I cant rave about this hidden gem enough! Red Hook has become a ""happening place"". We enjoyed exploring the neighborhood with its many small shops, as well as the parks along the river. We found Amys place convenient enough to mass transit to get into Manhattan but also enjoyable enough area to not leave. Amys place had everything we needed, very quiet as it was away from the street, with lovely morning sun, and close to several coffee shops and other amenities for anything we needed. Amy herself was very welcoming and attentive. Super cute place! Really relaxing to come to after a long day in the city. Fluffiest pillows around! We had a lovely stay at Amys place! She was very accommodating and responsive! The apartment was beautiful. Amy left lots of recommendations for the area, which were all very close to the apartment. I would definitely recommend staying here when visiting Brooklyn!   Its a really nice place that is just like in the pictures. Amy communicated really well, gave us an iron when we needed to get ready for a wedding and they brought up an air conditioner when it got really hot. Red hook is a great NY neighborhood, with a really distinct feel!  Jump, awesome peaceful vibes!! We absolutely loved this place! Well laid out and comfortable space with a claw foot tub and record player. Nice neighborhood that has plenty to offer but isnt as busy as other places in Brooklyn. Easy to communicate with Amy, who left a great list of suggestions in the area. Thanks so much! This is a great place to stay in Red Hook. Convenient to all the local places and amenities. Communication with Amy was quick and efficient. She facilitated a slightly earlier check-in, which really helped me with my day plans.  Such a nice and quiet place. Perfect location for our business activities in Redhook. Very accomodating. Amy has a great apartment and is the ideal host.  She helped answer questions about the area, provided everything that we needed in the house, and really went above and beyond to help us with anything that we needed.  The apartment is a little far from the subway if carrying suitcases, so take the bus or an uber!  Otherwise, it was a great location in a quiet neighborhood, close to a supermarket, restaurants, cafes, and the pier.  If we ever return to Brooklyn, I hope her flat will be available.  A gem in Red Hook! We enjoyed our weeks stay at Amys studio. Its location couldnt be better...close to many local great spots, but most importantly close to our daughter. The studio is a tranquil quiet place with a view of the owners beautiful garden. There is AC, but we were comfortable using the fans. The host was friendly and accommodating. The apartment was very clean with a comfortable bed, great linens, large towels, and everything you could possibly need. We would love to come stay again. Exactly as described inside and new houses have been builded outside since being filmed by (Hidden by Airbnb) . Very quiet neighbourhood and nice restaurants around. A good place to discover Red Hook. And Amy is very reliable. Im totally in love with this little neighborhood in Brooklyn, and Amys place is perfect for a weekend stay (or longer!) in walking distance of some great places to eat, and with a beautiful view of the backyard garden from the upstairs window. My second time staying here, and surely not my last! This is a great place in an interesting neighborhood! It is very close to all the businesses and restaurants in Red Hook and it is also close to the ferry to Manhattan and Brooklyn Park. Even though I didnt get to meet Amy in person, she was very helpful and easy to access if I have a questions. I enjoyed my stay here and cant wait to come back! You will be so happy you stayed there! Amys studio has a great vibe. Clean, comfortable, & stylish. It had everything I needed and the location is perfect. 5 stars, easy. Great little apartment, perfect for a couple. Lots to do on your doorstep in Red Hook and only a short ferry ride from Manhattan. Breakfast at Fort Defiance is a must! Thanks Amy! My husband and I stayed at Amys for two evenings for a trip that was partially for business and partially for pleasure. Amys place was perfect for both needs- it was close to many restaurants and cafés, and it was also quiet- perfect to relax and unwind. It gave us a small sense of what it would be like to live in her great neighborhood. If we come back to Redhook, we hope Amys space is available to stay in! Loved it! Fabulous and private little hideaway in Red Hook. Comfy bed and with everything you need for a home from home stay. Amy is there if you need her, but does not interrupt if you dont! Brilliant location and super handy for both Manhattan and Rockaways with the new ferry terminal a couple of minutes walk away. Highly recommended and would definitely stay here again. Great spot to unwind and recharge.  Great space, warm hosts! All was as expected and even better. Amy was ever ready to help and answer any inquiries.  Transportation to the place is quite variative and comfortable - bus stop at 50 meters and ferry pier to NYC is about 150 m. Neibourghood is quite friendly and silent, racoons walking at nights -))). Garden with equipment for children  just crossing the street (though had no need). The store Fairyway 5 min of walk is great in assortment and freshness of food (also the cafee with seaview). The statue of Liberty seen from the Pier.  Thanks and dream to come back some day. Irina, Moscow Nice Amys place is clean and has great light. It is close to many of Red Hooks galleries and restaurants as well as the B61 bus stop. 10/10 would stay again! It was a great place to have! Good location! Close to the subway! All around GREATNESS Amy was such a gracious hostess, and was so flexible with our arrival and departure times! The apartment was so very charming, and peaceful, and full of good energy! Red Hook is a wonderful, walkable retreat from the city. We will definitely return to Amys apartment during our next stay! Wir waren insgesamt vier Nächte in Brooklyn, Red Hook. Wir haben die Zeit dort sehr genossen und uns auch sehr wohl gefühlt. das Apartment ist komplett privat mit eigenen Eingang und überaus gut ausgestattet, wie z.b. eine vollausgestattete Küche mit Herd und Ofen. Grundnahrungsmittel wie Milch, Kaffee und Gewürze sind in der Küche bereits alle vorhanden. das wifi war auch ziemlich zügig.  sehr cool ist auch die Anbindung mit der New York Ferry die von Red Hook ( ca 500m) direkt nach Manhattan fährt und man schon am Morgen den Ausblick genießen kann. die nächste Metrostation ist dafür etwas weiter weg, aber das nimmt man gerne in Kauf. Auch die Umgebung von amy war sehr freundlich und ruhig. Wir würden jederzeit wiederkommen und daher diese Wohnung auch empfehlen. Danke Amy und Familie für die Gastfreundschaft. bis bald Wonderful place. Clean and nicely furnished. Everything was comfortable and inviting. It was about a 10 minute walk to the subway and easy to get into NYC. The hosts were great - they left out chocolates, towels and a guest book. Wouldnt hesitate to stay here again. Amy’s apartment is a quiet retreat, centrally located to everything. I’ll surely stay there again! Amy was tremendously helpful and was willing to help us with any questions we had. Very quick to respond to messages. Cozy, quite and clean. Amy was a fantastic host, made us feel so welcome! And, the place is in a great location. Easy walk to coffee shops, restaurants, piers, and can even walk to the Brooklyn bridge! Amy and Mike were splendid hosts. They very kindly made the apartment ready for us a day early on short notice, responding to our request to modify the reservation. The apartment is charming, clean, quiet and in one of the hottest art neighborhoods in NYC. Travel to Manhattan was a breeze on the water taxi from IKEA. Parking was easy and the neighborhood safe. This place is a gem. I hope people dont catch on so I can return as much as I like!! Amy and Mike were perfect hosts in that they were just hands-off enough. Clear that they were there for anything we might need but allowed us to just do our thing. This was our day away from all the chaos of our work lives and it couldnt have been more perfect. Highly recommend!"	1
127	Dario is very responsive and will accommodate to meet his hosts needs as much as possible. We were his first guests so there was still a lot of room for improvement which I am positive he will take into account for his following guests. He also went out of his way to keep our luggage until very late which I really appreciate it. I highly recommend his place, thanks Dario! The host is friendly But the neighboorhood is the most sketchy of NY. Super dangerous. The bathroom distusting! Dario is a young very friendly guy. Even though we arrived earlier than the check-in time, he was more than happy to have us. He gave us tips about transportation and places to visit, provided us towels and even offered us food.  We shared the apartment with other young adults, but everybody was quiet and friendly.  The place was clean, very comfy and cozy. It is located on the 13th floor and oriented on two sides of the city. The views from the apartment are mazing! Contrairement à un commentaire négatif précédent, jai trouvé lappartement très propre et bien rangé, alors quil y a quatre chambres dont les occupants partagent lespace commun. Jai téléphoné le matin même à Dario et à midi, jai pu déposer ma valise, accueillie très gentiment par son fils. Cest vraiment agréable comme expérience, autant de prévenance. La chambre est très agréable avec son grand lit et sa vue du 13ème étage. La vue du salon est encore plus spectaculaire. Vraiment je ne peux que recommander cette chambre. Pour les transports, il faut marcher 10 minutes pour le métro 6 à la 103 th st et et il faut 15 minutes pour arriver à Central Park. Il y a un magasin bien fourni au pied de limmeuble et la quartier est familial. We had a really good time in Darios apartment. The view from the balcony and the cozy livingroom were the best. Also, from our room we could see the NYC skyline, including Empire State Building. He was a good host, he helped us with advices and he took care of our luggage in the last day even if he didnt have to. Dario was a great host, he was in constant communication with us to make sure our arrival went smoothly and also offered us advice on places/things to see and routes to take - throughout the whole trip. The only minor issue we had was the shower not working for a few hours. Dario made sure to make up for this (although this was not in his control), by reimbursing us with some of the cost.  Location was safe, East Harlem seems to be up and coming, and walk to the station is 8 minutes approx.     Thanks Dario!! X Great views, not far from subway. Hosts very welcoming and attentive. Well located apartment, the bedrooms are spacious and the view is very nice. Unfortunately the cockroaches ruined our stay, they were everywhere, in the fridge and the washroom as well. Couldnt shower with those in the bathroom, too bad for such a nice apartment. Appartement propre et bien placé. Je recommande ! Beautiful apartment with incredible views over Manhattan and the East River. The room was perfect, and the AC a godsend. The neighborhood was nice and calm, and the building is well located near the 2 Ave subway. Last but not least, Dario was an extremely conscientious, communicative, and flexible host. Would definitely recommend. Thanks for having us!  Darios place is awesome, ckean, spacious, comfortable and the view is amazing, the neiborghood is quiet. Everything was good. Darios place was just awesome! The apartment is located in a more quiet area from where you get easily to the metro. You have a beautiful view from your room and from the living room (which looks so stylish!). Everything was clean. Who made our stay really special were Darios Roomates Casey and Micheal. They tried to make our stay as perfect as possible and went out with us as well which they didnt have to! So overall the best experience ever with the best apartment ever:) we would come back for sure! Dario’s room was nice, clean, and cozy! From the moment we booked the hosts were super flexible and reached out to make our experience as great as possible! Michael and Casey were incredibly nice, and super helpful by giving us recommendations and directions! This is a great apartment and a quick walk to the subway that made travel to lower Manhattan easy. We had an awesome experience and would greatly recommend!	0
128	Great stay in NYC in a good location. Totally accurate description of the place. Ceci adjusted to my schedule and was readily available whenever I contacted her. She was a great host! Ceci is a Great Host. she was very supportive. her place is very near to metro station and Grocery and Restaurant are like just hardly 5 sec walk..  it was a Great Stay at her place.. A clean cozy place in great location. The Central Park is right across street. Youll sleep in the same room with Ceci but there are curtains giving you some privacy.   Ceci is very nice, easy to communicate.   Anyway its a good deal considering the location and price. 出门大概100米是地铁站,过了马路后就是中央公园,位置很好,交通也很方便,就是4楼无地铁拿个大旅行箱扛上去实在是很辛苦,走的时候更加麻烦,房主不愿帮忙拿一下行李,多了个行李箱,跑上跑下两趟,累死!几个楼管好像是不乐意有陌生人出进或是很反感房主出租,看你的眼神很是讨厌,而且问东问西。房间里卫生做得也比较糟糕,回晚点房主要睡觉,收拾一下东西感觉很不方便。 The subway ,center park is near the room,about 100 meters. But the room is in the 4 floor,no lift,it is not easy to carry the luggages to the room, and the room not clean。 Ceci is a good host, friendly, willing to help, polite. the neighborhood is ideal, very safe and close to what tourists want to see in NYC! Although it is a shared studio, Ceci is very discrete! Recommend it to individuals who want to have a cheap stay in NYC for vacation or a business trip! Great space, very small, near Central Park and subway (103rd, c train) lovely spacious bathroom. You just want to sleep there. This would be your smart choice if you are to stay in NY for just a few days exploring museums, especially art museums. Cecil studies art history and gave me great suggestions where to see what. She is very responsive on my messages of timing of arrival and directions. During my stay in the room together with her, she gave me very adequate privacy but also appropriate hospitality, which is exactly what I need in the end of day. Thank you Ceci for making me feel home. Ceci is personable, intellectual and it feels like youre hanging out with a good friend  for the night. She was inctrdibly accomodating considering my short notice, and offeref me a spare key shuld i have need of it. I found free parking a block away next to central park.  Bathroom was nice.  Bed was VERY comfortable. All in all, a 5 star experience!  	0
129	Comfy bed, clean bathroom, great location... what more do you need?!   The host canceled this reservation 66 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Pour notre première à New-York, nous avons passé une semaine géniale! Lappartement est bien situé, le quartier très sympa et lhôte adorable!  The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Buena ubicación, buena comunicación	1
130	Cool place... quiet, clean, sunny. Fun art. Neighborhood looked rough at first but theres nice bars and a few good restaurants.  Communication was good. Thanks Ted. Ted is a super responsive host and very easy to get hold of. The apartment is perfect for groups of 2 - 4. Lots of living space, insanely comfy bed, fully stocked kitchen, easy to find and walk to from the subway (both lines are great routes to central manhattan), and the projector is a really nice and cool touch!  Felt instatly at home here which was nice. Would definitely go back! Loved the apartment. The location was great, close to subway. Ted was very responsive as well. Teds space is wonderful! Communication was easy, and the space was beautiful. Its in a great location with easy access particularly if youre looking to explore Brooklyn - this does mean it can be a bit noisier/busier, but very fun overall. Cool place This loft is great! Sonos in the living room and the kitchen for great sounding tunes, and hes got a great collection of vinyl utilizing the line-in of the Sonos. Bed is great, the lighting is VIBES FOR DAYS, and the hammock is a great touch. He was easy to communicate with and we had a blast in his place! I loved the restaurants about a half block away from Teds place on Franklin Ave. Subway station was super close also to get into Manhattan. Overall I enjoyed exploring that part of Brooklyn for the first time! Ted has been really helpful & responsive. Apartment is beautifully decorated and I’m obsessed with the Sonos. The only problem we had with the place is the key for the lobby, it took us awhile to open it. Other than that location is perfect; only 5 mins from the sub. Would definitely stay here again!	1
131	Une maison très belle et elle contient tout ce que vous cherchez, conforme à lannonce Je recommande  Blozs place was just as described, nice and clean apartment, quiet and safe neighbourhood with many grocery and other stores on the way from public transport. Nic and cozy.  Good place for a great price!  Dont expect anything fancy but it was a perfect place to sleep for a low- cost trip.   As pictured. Nice apartment that was super easy to check in and clean. A little off the beaten path to get to public transit, but I like to walk and it was near my sister.  This was our second stay at this airbnb and we loved it! Close to the train, parking was a breeze, and the other people staying in airbnb were quiet and kept to themselves. It was ideal for a staycation. We will definitely be back! Our stay in Blozs place was pleasant and purposeful and we were satisfied. Everything was nice to stay over one night. Overall a really great place! Free street parking, easy to get to public transportation and the room was nice! The bathroom was a bit gross but not the end of the world. Id recommend this place for sure The room was just as advertised and had a nice comfy bed.  Check-in was easy and the host was careful to make sure we had all the right information to get into the apartment and on the internet easily.  Would stay here again, though note that of course its a little bit of a walk to the subway / restaurants.  Thanks for hosting us! Very nice place to stay. Very clean and convenient location Good place near buses and metro. We ve never seen the owner but we communicated before our arrival. I recommend this place. Great communication and good location Good Host, cleam room! Everything was fine. Very big plus is the location, very close to Manhatten and the main attractions. Room and apartment clean, cozy and quiet. Good place to rest between visiting New York. Room was clean and it was 15 min away from metro station. Bloz didnt answear for any questions. Very basic affordable spot, very close to the Astoria ferry and metro so easy to get in to the city! Close to great Greek food in Astoria and the room was comfortable and the neighborhood was nice and quiet. The bathroom is a little dirty but otherwise a great stay! Staying at Blozs place was really perfect for me. Quiet during the night and only 10 mins to the subway station. For me the ideal location for my city trip as I only spent the nights there and was gone all day roaming about New York. I would re-visit. The light switch in the main room did nothing. The shower faucet is... eccentric, needs replacing. But works just fine. Had a good shower.  Had a great nights sleep.  And the location is great. Right between the East River ---- and great views and walking -- and all the convenient restaurants on Broadway. The place is in a residential area, a bit far out if you want to discover around. A bit pricey for the house which the room is not modern and requires some update. Quick response. Saved my day. It is a good location if you want to spend a few days in NYC. The stay was okay. It could be great, however, people who occupied the other two rooms (whom you are supposed to share kitchen, bathroom and common area with) didnt know about the house rules... They were okay with leaving whole bunch of women hair everywhere or tons of water on the floor... They also liked to occupy the bathroom for 40 minutes just for fun in the mornings. So it felt like the host explained the house rules only to us and tried to find the most disgusting people for the other two rooms. Very sad.  Comfortable location but needs a little bit more cleaning to get higher rating.  the room was fanatic. Clean. Big enough for my 6”4 body. private deck was very nice. great Light Bolz is the quickest host to text me back i have ever known. When i was typing my message he had already replied!! Communication was great! I suggest his place to everyone.  ;) Id like to give this spot 4 stars as Bloz was so helpful upon check in when the key we were provided did not work in our room door to lock it. Bloz provided a safe spot for us to lock our bags and quickly provided a new key. The upkeep and maintenance of the space is what prevents a 4 or 5 rating. The hallway leading to apartment looks like it could be vacuumed  and smells musty as well as the apartment itself. The Bathroom could use repairs  and to be cleaned. The bedroom was clean  and the shower was warm. We didnt spend a ton of time at the space and only spent 2 nights there, so it provided what I needed, a bed and a shower. It is a good spot for a 1 or 2 night stay. Das Zimmer ist OK. Beim Bad darf man nicht penibel sein This was a last minute trip and found this place! It had everything we needed. My sister and I were not planning on using the place other than for sleeping. We stayed here for 2 days and it had everything we needed. It was easy to find. It was difficult to find parking but we were able to park a few streets down. We didnt have any issues. Thanks for everything! Se encuentra bien ubicado, únicamente hay q tomar taxi o uber en la estación de metro Broadway hasta el lugar. Hay dos habitaciones aparte de esta por lo que tendrán que compartir el baño con los demás cuartos. Lo malo es cuando se bañan porque se tardan, pero el baño siempre estuvo limpio. Tienes opción de preparar algo se comer, ya que cuenta con cocina. Si hace frío es cálida la habitación. Además de qué hay una cobija extra y te ponen toallas para bañarte. The place is clean and perfect instructions by the host to get into the apartment, it is perfect to spend one night. Unfortunately the location is frightening and a bit dangerous at night. Good spot for a quick, easy, inexpensive place to stay for the night After trying a few places, I came back to Blozs because his space tended to be the most discreet and comfortable for the price. I commute to Astoria a couple days a week for a modest acting gig and I wouldnt go anywhere else for the price at this point. Blozs place does the trick--and by the trick, I mean it keeps you warm on a winter night for insanely cheap and its hardly a 5-minute drive from my workplace. Great place for a great price, as always! Great place for a quick trip to the city, very hard to find street parking but overall it was a good place to stay at for the night.  Where do I even begin....When we first walked in the room we were hit with a strong smell of urine. Not only did the room not look as clean as pictured but it was also scorching hot. The drawer that is in the room is on it’s last life. Everything about it was unattractive. Let’s move onto the bathroom( that is a whole other story). I was traveling all day so I was so excited to shower! Not only was I turned off by the dirty bath mat and the black mold in the creases of the shower , when I went to turn on the water the shower head was spitting water from every direction except the direct I was in. It was horrible, I had a better chance at showering in the sink. Mind you one of the ladies that was also there would be in the bathroom for 60 minutes, taking tea baths leaving the bathroom an even bigger mess. It is so funny to me that there was two women that go and clean the parts of the apartment that no one uses. My last straw was when they started smoking weed in the house when I had my baby there. I contacted the owner and demanded a refund for the remaining days that I didn’t use because there’s no way I could stay in that environment, this jackass responded and told me he would only give me a refund if someone books for those days, meaning he did not want to give me my money back. I had to call Airbnb and wait 4 days to receive my money back!!! There’s no parking so good luck if you have a car. Also hopefully it doesn’t rain when you are there because the balcony will play you beats all night. I couldn’t hardly sleep because of the metal on the balcony. I had to lay a shirt down so that the water wouldn’t hit it directly so I could catch some sleep. This place is just a ghetto hot mess, I agree with other people who have been here, yes it’s nice if you plan for a cheap sleep and go but it’s not the type of place you should bring a date or even relax because the mattress isn’t even comfortable.  To be honest I wouldn’t stay here again and never in my entire life would I recommend someone with two senses to do so either. I forgot to mention, I had to put my own sheets on the bed because the ones that were there had dust on them!	0
132	Amazing space, amazing host, theres no words to describe such excellence, such greatness! Opals the best!!!  Opal was a very king host. The apartment is very nice, the living room is big and comfortable and the location is perfect if you are not a light sleeper. For us it was great but it is a little bit noisy at night because of the bars on the street. Opal was an accommodating host.  Location is adjacent and accessible to WV and MP.   Opal provides tools to help tolerate the noise.  Which should not be a problem for folks ready to party with the City that never sleeps! Very good location and very clean. Opal was very helpful and quick to react to any concerns.   Only one small advice is to take ear plugs because NY can be noisy at night. Opals place is great. Great location, stylish, clean and perfect for a quick trip to nyc . I would not hesitate to stay here again and can recommend to anyone The apartment itself was great and location was superb. Many places to eat around it. Great proximity to the subway (2 min). However on the Christmas Day and couple of days later we did not have hot water at all. Host left old leftover food in the fridge, which wasn’t very pleasant to live with. At the end the end of our stay host charged us an extra night for cleaning, which I believe was unfair, as we only left few air balloons in the apartment. Also host tried to charge us for drunk liquor, which she welcomed us to drink, despite the fact that we replaced it with a more expensive one.  Overall, the apartment itself was very compfortable, apart from the kitchen and the fact that it was overloaded with host’s stuff. However, issues with hot water and cleaning after our departure really affected our experience 	0
133	The space was great, very clean and no  clutter made it feel like it was my own apartment.  Ancia was very prompt in answering all questions,fabulous host, great location.  The listing was sparse and not worth the price that the host is charging.  There is an issue and odd request to, under NO circumstances, never mention Air Bnb to any neighbors or apt. cleaners??  Hmmmm....Apt was adequate but nothing special.  Floors were sandy/ gritty and bathtub dirty.....Host available upon checking and checkout and offered great dining advice, etc....however the overall feeling we were left with was that we could have gotten a lovely, cleaner hotel space for less money than we paid for this apt.  Live and learn!! Despite our arrival earlier than expected, Anica managed to get us into the apartment as soon as possible. She was very helpful all along the booking process and very friendly during our stay. The place was as nice as expected ! Thanks! Very classic pre-war New York experience, although this time with some room to stretch! Superb location and Anica was very helpful! Great apparent. Great location. Great host.  Anica was great about answering every last little question and making sure we got the key OK. (Yes, theres wifi and a laundromat downstairs.) The neighborhood is wonderful! The subway is at the end of the block! And another line about 2 blocks away. The apartment felt bigger in person, which was a nice surprise. The traffic noise is noticeable at night, but the location was really great. Great place, fantastic if its your first time in NewYork. This was our 11th visit but had our 24 year old nephew meet us there for the first time, so the location is great for getting around whether  travelling uptown or downtown with a subway at your door step!. The place is exactly how it is listed and Anica and her friends are so easy to communicate with. Having a washing machine and dryer in the apartment block was also a plus with our 2 year old not having to pack too much and the ability to wash clothes and towels frequently. Although anica wasn’t available for the check in at that time she took care of that with her friend, very centric place, walkable and clean. Great place to stay! Very comfortable home to spend a couple of weeks in. Can’t beat the location and Anica is very communicative to ensure guests have a good experience.	0
134	"Listing is perfectly accurate. Hosts are welcoming, but not intrusive. Their apartment is very close to metro conveniently connecting to Manhattan or US Open. Super good experience!     Pamela and Jay are wonderful people. I felt more like an actual house guest than someone that was essentially doing a business transaction with them. Friendly, nice and very hospitable, are only a few positive words to describe them.     The room and their apartment were exactly as they presented them in the description and photos, with one exception, they do NOT permit smoking inside. I was relieved to learn this because the details in the listing accidentally said ""smoking permitted"" at the time I first contacted them (I do not smoke). Rest assured that the room, bathroom, kitchen, and the entire apartment were absolutely clean and fresh. One of the best Airbnb private rooms that Ive rented. Pam and Ray are a really respectful, friendly and open-minded couple that both are always willing to help and assist. The appartment is according to the pictures, also very neat and clean and thus a very pleasant place to stay. The room is comfy and nice. The location is close to a subway station with groceries, restaurants of all kind etc. nearby. Nevertheless, it is quiet and calm in their street at nights. My full recommendation to their offered space, I will definitely return here when New York calls me again. I really liked the place, Pamela is a very nice and accommodating person; the place was very clean.  The location was excellent minutes away from the 7 line.  Ill definitely stay again here. What can I say? I like them so much that I came back for a second stay two weeks later. Please dont tell anyone... I may want to stay a third time and I want their place to be available! Pamela et jay sont vraiment accueillant gentil et prévenant , ils mont beaucoup aidé , la chambre et lappartement sont exactement comme décrit sur lannonce . Je le recommande vivement . Il y a un metro a 5 min et vous êtes a manhattan en 15 min . Ils sont devenus des amis pour moi Pamela and Jay are simply amazing! I couldnt have asked for nicer, more accommodating hosts. When I arrived, it was a cold, very rainy Saturday morning. Because of some technical issues due to the rain, my arrival time was delayed. We kept in contact by SMS until I met Jay at the door, just a couple streets from the 7 Subway station at 40th/Lowery Street. A hot cup of coffee was poured and we sat down for a wonderful chat.  I had planned to go into the city but had forgotten to pack a waterproof jacket or umbrella. Again, no problem. I was graciously offered both.      On Sunday night I came home early after an event and met them having dinner. A plate was set for me and once again we had another great conversation.     Monday morning coffee together then I was off to the city for another brief visit before heading to the airport - with memories of having met two really great people still running through my head.     I had planned a weekend visiting with friends, attending shows and seeing the sights, but it was made most memorable by Pamela and Jays hospitality.  I will definitely look them up again the next time Im traveling to New York. Pamela and Jay were excellent hosts, very welcoming and made us feel very much at home. The flat was nicely decorated, our room was comfortable and we would be happy to stay there again. We felt quite safe in the neighbourhood, there were good restaurants nearby, and the subway to Manhattan was very convenient. Fantastic place! Pamela made me and my travel partner feel very welcome. Everything was as described: clean, quiet, very close to public transportation, and located in a safe area.  Highly recommendable for both tourists and professionals. I will go back here when I return to NYC.  Pamela & Jay, São ótimos anfitriões!!! Muito simpático e companheiro. Minha estadia foi perfeita na casa deles... Não poderia ser melhor! A casa eh boa, o quarto maravilhoso, tudo muito limpo e arrumado, muito próximo de tudo que nós viajantes precisamos.  Indico a todos, e voltarei com certeza!   Obrigado Pam and Jay. Pamela made me feel welcome right away. She was warm and friendly and willing to give me as much company or as little company as I needed. The neighborhood was just as I imagined it from the pictures. The place was well decorated and very comfortable. Pamela and Jay are very welcoming and it shows in their friendly way to greet guests as well as in a meticulously clean and inviting guest room. Pams flat is conveniently located very close to the subway which takes you to Manhattan in a few minutes. I can recommend this place as a perfect hub to explore the City, or work downtown. I had a wonderful experience staying with Pam and Jay. I was in town to do some auditions, and it was so easy and fast to get to Manhattan from their apartment (when the 7 train is running, and even when it isnt -- it just requires one more transfer). The accommodations are very suitable, especially for the price; everything is exactly as pictured, and they keep the space very clean. Although our schedules didnt match up for the most part, I really enjoyed the time I spent with the couple. Theyre warm, kind, and very helpful. I definitely would stay with them again! Pamela and Jay they are really a sweet couple. Its wonderful during the time we stayed in their place. Clean and comfortable. Location is great too. The train station is just 5 minutes walk. The most wonderful thing about staying in their place is that I feet like being home. Pamela even lend me her coat cuz it was freezing that day. Thank you so much!!! If Im going to NYC again, I would definitely stay in their place.  Pamela and her husband could not have been nicer. The room is fine and just as described. I stayed at Pam and Jays apartment while I was visiting my son, who lives nearby in Sunnyside. Since I have visited my son before, I already knew that the neighborhood is a much quieter and less crowded alternative to staying in Manhattan. Pam and Jays place is on a sedate residential street less than four blocks from the #7 train, which gets you to mid-town Manhattan after four or five stops. As a woman walking alone or traveling on the train alone, I was perfectly comfortable in this area. As hosts, Pam and Jay are very welcoming and made me feel at ease in their apartment right away. I really enjoyed chatting with them each morning and evening when I returned from my busy days! Although many coffee places are located nearby, both Pam and Jay made me a good strong cup of coffee in the morning when I asked. They were very generous in sharing their living space with me--always making me feel welcome in the living room and kitchen. The room and amenities are exactly as described. The bed is very comfortable; the temperature in the apartment was nice and warm and comfortable; the apartment is immaculately clean. And the apartment building itself was very quiet. I have no complaints whatsoever and hope to be able to stay here again, since it is so close to my sons apartment and is just a great FIND in terms of accommodations. Above all, Pam and Jay made the stay very easy. They are very warm and gracious. Great host!! Pamela and Jay are very nice and the room is clean and cute! I had a very happy experience!! Pamela was completely warm, friendly and welcoming the entire time. The apartment is convenient to Manhattan, newly renovated, tidy and very clean. I was tired, needing to rest up and was able to do that during my short stay. Im confident that youll be happy you booked a stay with Pamela!  It was a nice time at Pamelas. She and her husband Jay are excellent hosts, no doubt. The appartment truly has a privileged position, for it is at a one block distance to the subway and many small facilities (pharmacy, markets, restaurants). The apartment itself had everything fully functional: shower, bathroom, WiFi, heating. The bedroom was very comfortable. Finally, our stay was very pleasing and we recommend it to anyone looking for a good place to stay in New York. I have stayed with Pamela several times, and surely she and Jay are super nice!! Also, the room is cute and clean! I would recommend this place for anyone who wants to spend a night in NYC.  Wonderful experience!  Pamela and Jay were so welcoming, I looked forward to coming ""home"" after a long day in the city!    The room was clean, cheery and comfortable just like it is shown in the picture.   Pamela and Jay knew the city well and were very helpful with any questions I had about subways, directions or places to visit.  One night, after a particularly frigid day spent walking all over the city, they invited me to join them for a Presidents Day feast complete with great conversation, drinks and laughter.    Finally, location, location, location!   I loved where Pam and Jays apartment was located in Queens,  conveniently situated right around the corner from the number 7 subway which runs directly into the middle of everything in Manhattan.  Also, there were a variety of great places to eat and/or drink  within a half a block from the apartment  and a Dunkin Donuts right on the corner where I grabbed an extra cup of coffee most days to enjoy on the leisurely  ride into the city.    Being a 61 year old woman who had never tried airbnb before, I wasnt quite sure what to expect.  I was coming to see my friends son perform in an off broadway play and stayed for five nights.    All in all, I found it to be an invigorating experience, made more so by the fantastic hosts, Pamela and Jay.  Will definitely stay with them again the next time I come to visit New York!  Truly great people that I felt honored to get to know.  Thank you for sharing your home!            Wonderful experience! It was my first time ABnB and I could not have been more lucky to spend it with Pamela and Jay! The apartment is exactly as in the pics, very nice and clean. The bed was very comfy and the room is bright. I also loved the area and felt very safe there, even at night. But what is really the bonus of the place are the fantastic hosts. I was lucky to meet both of them and had a fantastic time. I will definitely try and visit them again!  Pamela and Jay were very friendly and welcoming and so helpful. The location is great, just 5 min walk to the subway. It was also very clean and we felt comfortable.  Pamela is a warm, thoughtful host. We came and went as we pleased. The whole place is clean and quiet. It was a lovely room with shared bathroom opposite. The location to the train, shops, variety of eateries, laundry cant be beaten. Theres a great atmosphere here and we heartily recommend this fresh place to stay. It makes New York so accessible. Thank you so much for all the inside Information, the good and interesting conversation and your hospitality. The room is exactly as been described. Thanks for a wonderful experience. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. This was a great experience.  It was my first time using Airbnb and it could not have been better.  Pamela offered a great bedroom that was clean and private.  They were incredible hosts who made me feel quite at home during the 4 nights that I stayed with them. Good basic accommodation in a great location. Nice friendly people. Room is very bright, especially in the morning, which makes sleeping difficult. Overall a pleasant experience. Pamela was an excellent host, and welcomed me into her home. The apartment is beautiful, quiet, clean, and really close to the subway. I felt comfortable coming and going as I needed to and would definitely stay with her again.  Pamela was such a kind host! Her apartment is beautiful and clean, and we shared some very pleasant conversation. I would definitely stay here again! Pamelas place was very quiet and very clean and exactly as advertised. The location was fantastic- a 5 minute walk to the 7 subway, and I felt very safe walking there alone in the evening. There is a fabulous Indian salon on the corner that does eyebrow threading and Henna, as well as traditional nail and waxing services.    I enjoyed my morning coffee with Pamela, who was a pleasure to chat with. Pamela was a great host.  The location has close bus and subway access, which was perfect.  It was actually pretty easy to take the bus to the apt...I shouldve taken it when I arrived. Ill definitely stay here again if its available. Pamela is a great host. She is very welcoming and makes recommendations of restaurants around Queens. Her place is very clean and quiet. It is located within a five minute walk from the subway. On the second day I was there, it was raining so walking around NYC was going to be difficult. She invited me to go shopping in New Jersey and I had a great time! Plus New Jersey is sales tax free! There is a great nail shop on the corner from her home, just in case you have time to get a pedi and a mani. Definitely recommend staying at her place! Pamela and her husband were excellent hosts.  The bedroom and their apartment are spotless and well organized and are exactly as pictured in their listing.  Pamela graciously offered me coffee in the mornings and I had a great time chatting with her on my way out each day.  She and her husband were not intrusive in any way and provided clean bedding, towels, and wardrobe space in the bedroom.  This was my first time in this part of Queens and I found the area to be quiet and very convenient to the 7 train which is only a few blocks from the apartment.  There is a 24-hour CVS drug store, a Dunkin Donuts, and a 7-11 all within 1 block in case you are in need of any last minute items.  Long Island City and Manhattan were very quick and easy to get to by train from their home and it was also very convenient (less than 45 min. by bus and train) to get there from La Guardia Airport.  I would definitely stay here again. This is my second time staying at Pamela and Jays home, and I can say I will definately stay there when I go back to NY. They are a kind and loving couple that make you feel like you are staying wih family. The apartment is very comfortable and clean, everything as described.  Wifi for me is a must and it works great. The apartment is conveniently located two blocks from the metro and you can get from there to Manhattan in a very short time. I always travel alone and it has always been a safe area to even walk late at night. There are some restaurants close by that are very good. Overall, dont hesistate to stay here out of all the airbnb places I have used in NY this has been by far the best. I felt very at home. I couldnt have asked for a better place to stay! My hosts were filled with helpful tips and stories. I look forward to coming back with my mom. Pamela and Jay are really kind and made us feel very comfortable in the place. Its my first time using Airbnb, so I was a little nervous, but they made me feel at home. The place is very safe and easy to access Manhattan. Great accommodation and Pamela and her partner were extremely nice and welcoming. Listing description is very accurate. The room was very clean and organized. Short, safe walk to metro and good choice of eateries. The apartment was clean and well located, close to the subway station. Pamela was very welcoming and helpful, giving excellent advice on the subway tickets! She was very quick at replying to all messages prior to our arrival. Pamela und ihr Mann Jay gaben uns das Gefühl bei ihnen willkommen zu sein. Schon im Vorfeld unserer Reise hatten wir regen Austausch über den Aufenthalt. - Wir wurden nicht enttäuscht. Die Gastgeber stellten sich als das dar, was wir erwarteten. Kommunikativ, freundlich und hilfsbereit. Für unser Wohlbefinden sorgte das nett eingerichtete Zimmer, die Sauberkeit in der gesamten Wohnung und eines der knarrenden Betten, das eine Reparatur nötig hat.   Wir waren höchst zufrieden und können ""Pamelas place"" jeden airbnb-Besucher empfehlen.  We were greatfull to be able to get to rent this room as a previously rented apartment became unavailable. The location was perfect situated right next to a train stop of line 7 giving perfect access to Grand Central.Dining facilities in the vicinity are ample. The room was within the apartment where also Pam and her husband lived. Both made us felt welcome and we had a good time (and wifi as well). We could only stay a short while, but its a cool place! Can definitely recommend. This room was convenient to the #7 train to Manhattan and to shops and restaurants. Pamela and her husband were very welcoming and friendly. The apartment was small but very clean and the bed was super comfortable. Perfect for one person, might be a  bit tight for two. Price was also very reasonable. I would stay here again without hesitation! We had great time staying here! I would definitely recommend staying with them and I will probably end up staying with them again when I go back to NY. Theyre both very welcoming and make you feel right at home.  PamelaさんとJayさん、2人とも優しく、親切にしていただきました。お部屋も綺麗で何1つ不便はありませんでした。帰りのタクシーの予約をして下さったり、バッグを貸して頂いたり、初めてのNYの旅も安心して過ごすことができました! Pamela is really a nice host and she tries her best to help us! I strongly recommend to stay in her lovely place! Pam and Jay were wonderful hosts. They were knowledgable about the city and pleasant to talk to. The room is just as described. If youre looking for a place to rest between trips to the city, then this is your place. Im glad that we stayed here instead of a hotel. The 7 train is very close and convenient for travel. The neighborhood is lively and there are some great little coffee shops and restaurants within walking distance. I recommend Brothers Cafe for breakfast.  My stay with Pamela and her family was absolutely lovely. They were so sweet, inviting and a pleasure to talk too. The apartment was impeccable, as it was always kept  clean and was located in a very safe neighborhood. I highly recommend staying here when visiting NY! This was by far the best Airbnb experience that I have had! Pamela is just a great, super host. She is carring for everything needed to her guest, very helpful all the time. Supper clean.  Location is just few mints to train 7 that takes you directly to Time Square.  Very safe district with all shops and facilities you need.  I d really highly recommend it . I had the most amazing stay with Pamela and her family. Pamela was so lovely and welcoming and really made me feel at home. The location was great as it was very close to the subway and Pamela gave me tips on where to go to get food, do laundry, go to the beach and everything in between. They were without a doubt the best hosts I have ever had and I would definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting New York.  I felt very comfortable staying there and coming back from a long day everyday! I loved staying with Pamela. The neighborhood is fantastic, a few minutes to the 7 train which takes you into Midtown Manhattan in 15 minutes. I also appreciated that it was easy to find groceries and restaurants nearby.    Pamelas home is beautiful and everything was as I expected. Id love to stay with them again! Pamela was lovely and I immediately felt welcome in her home. The room was spacious and had wonderful sun throughout the day. The neighborhood is incredibly safe and there are plenty of restaurants near by etc for the out-of-towner. Overall, Id highly recommend a stay at her apartment if you find yourself in NYC and in need of a place to stay. Pamela and Jay proved to be immeasurably good hosts, with my only regret being that I didnt have much time to interact with them.  They accommodated my crazy work schedule and made me feel very welcome in their home.  Thank you. Pamela and Jay were ideal hosts. They are both very easygoing people and you felt at ease immediately. They were very helpful about the local area and they kept the apartment spotless. The apartment is located in a very safe area with lots of cafes and shops nearby. The subway is only a few minutes away so its an ideal location. I really enjoyed my stay with Pamela and Jay and hope to return again in the future. My hosts, Pam and Jay were very friendly and helpful. They knew a lot about the area and the area was very nice and safe. The room, and the whole apartment was always very clean and tidy. Unfortunately I became ill during the holiday but they looked after me like family and came to visit me in hospital, so I am very grateful for their help and would recommend Pam to anyone. I hope to come back again to New York in a few years time and if I do, then I would like to stay at Pams place again. Pam and her husband are fantastic. The location is great, near to Manhattan and easy to reach! We had a great time! Highly recommended!!!  . We were made very welcome by Pamela. It was a lovely area and was close to all amenities. Spotlessly clean and super hospitable! Our experience at Pamela’s place was awesome! This was our first time using Airbnb and to be honest are hosts like Pamela and Jay that make of this service a great alternative to traditional accommodation.     They were very helpful since the beginning. They kept constant communication with us days before our flight date making sure everything was arranged for us on our arrival. i.e Our flight arrived 5 hours before the check-in time and they were really kind and allowed us to left our luggage with them until we could check-in. Also every question was answered properly and in timely fashion via (Hidden by Airbnb) ’s messenger or call, Jay even accompanied us to buy a sim card on the first day.    Everything was as published in here, a really clean and cosy place in the middle of a safe neighborhood where you can find all you need, even a metro station just 2 blocks away.    What we appreciated the most is that they made us feel like home, for that and much our time on NYC was something very special. Thank you so much Pamela and Jay!! We stayed for 4 nights at Pamelas place. She is a fabulous host and gave us some best advice on visiting New York. The location is perfect as it is just 4 min walk from subway station that took us to Time Square in 20 minutes. We would love to come back and stay here again.  My stay at Pam and Jays was as close to perfection as could be. The apartment is two blocks away from the 7 line with restaurants, grocery stores, etc. all within walking distance. The neighborhood itself is safe and the building secure. The room was very clean and simple, while the rest of the unit had all the conveniences that I required. Pam and Jay are extraordinary hosts; both were warm, welcoming, and extremely accommodating.   Very welcoming host, clean room, convenient location and safe neighborhood. Very much enjoyed it.  Very friendly host. Very accommodating, and very clean Pam was a wonderful host and couldnt do enough to make sure I had a great stay. The accommodation was in a perfect location close to public transport, cafes, restaurants and shops.  Nice clean room, great location, and very friendly hosts!  Pamela was a great host! The room was clean and the apartment was in a great neighborhood. She was flexible with our check in time and we would definitely stay again! Pam was a great host, very nice and caring. The place was clean and I had everything I needed. Location is very convenient, close to the subway, perfect for trips to Manhattan. Id definitely stay here again. Pamela y Jay alojaron  a mi hijo y fueron muy amables y cariñosos. Y nosotros como padres estuvimos muy tranquilos de que nuestro hijo estuviera cómodo y se sintiera como en casa. Excelentes anfitriones. My 22 year old son stayed at Pamela and Jays house. They were excellent hosts. Their house is very comfortable and it`s close to Manhattan. My husband and I felt very happy and relaxed while Franco was there because he felt like he was at home. Pam and Jay are the best hosts ever! I have traveled a lot and I can say they are the best hosts I have ever experienced! Pam cooked dinner for me one night and Jay even helped me print some documents! How can that get any better? Did I mention We spent hours talking! They made me feel very loved. I would definitely recommend Pams place anytime! Gracias Pam! Pamela is a very flexible, welcoming and warm host. Being with her almost feels like staying in a close friends house. The appartment is cosy and very clean. Close to the subway and buses which take you directly to Manhattan. I highly recommend her house. Pamela was very welcoming.  Getting the key and checking out were very simple and smooth. Pam and Jay were very friendly and respectful hosts. Their small apartment is safe, cozy, warm, very clean and located in a vibrant Queens neighborhood (with many fun places to eat) only a few short subway stops from the heart of Manhattan. I felt very comfortable staying there and would gladly stay with them again. Awesome host and incredible personality. You must meet Pam to find more about it. Great place to stay near to Manhattan. Feels like home in NY ! She was a wonderful host. The apartment is very clean and welcoming. Pamela was a treat. I felt like I was talking to my mom the whole time. It was a warm welcome from the beginning, the next morning Pamela made me coffee and bagel. We had a wonderful conversation about life, she made me feel like home. She was a big part of my wonderful weekend.  静かな住宅街で安全です。 マンハッタンやブルックリンへのアクセスも良いです。 とても親切なホストで居心地よく過ごせました。 部屋も清潔で日当たりがよく快適でした。 コインランドリーや、24時間営業のコンビニエンスストアも近くにあり便利でした。 This was my second stay here, it was perfect again. The place is quiet, pleasant and very close to the subway. Pam is a very caring host, making sure I always have everything I need. Pamelas unit is close to transport that easily gets you to all the main tourist attractions.   Very clean and comfortable.  Pamela was a delightful host and we had many chats and laughs.  Spoilt us each day with our room cooled down and lots of tips on where to go and what to do.  Lots of restaurants , supermarket and little shops near by.  Was a wonderful stay.   Pam and Jay are very gracious host. The room and apartment is very clean and organized. Would stay there again ! Thanks Pamela for your excellent helps and arrangements when we stayed there. Pamela and his husband are very nice and helpful. The location is excellent which is close to the train station nearby. I strongly consider to stay there when I visit New York next time.  Pamela and her husband were very gracious hosts. I highly recommend them and their home! It was an excellent location. Very good experience. Highly recommend! Pam is an extremely accommodating and welcome host. Her room is very clean and comes with a window ac which is a must in the New York summer. Great for two ppl, and short stays, especially if youre going to be out most of the day like I was. There are two double beds, ones a little soft, the other ones more firm, depending on your choice. Both are extremely comfortable. The locations itself is great for the neighborhood. Its right next to the main queens blvd road with the 7 line straight to the city. Everything you will need is just a walking distance away. Great location. Sunnyside is the best! Pamelas place is great! Perfect location: close to the subway, restaurants and shops. Located in a nice neighborhood very close to Times Square. More than the place Pamela is a terrific host. Im from Puerto Rico and was waiting to fly back home were hurricane María hit and I was in absolute distress. Pamela made me feel at home and I will never forget her kindness. Thank you Pamela!! Until next time! I definitely recommend this place. Close to public transit, restaurants, grocery. Pam was a nice host. Very welcoming. The place is nice and clean. What a great place! Pamelas private room in Sunnyside was spacious for two and super clean. Pamela was a great host, friendly, welcoming and helpful. The location was only a short walk from 7 train and a few stops from Manhattan. We definitely recommend Pamelas place! Communication with Pamela and Jay was quick and often with me making the reservation the day before my arrival. Jay met me at their apartment mid afternoon to get me checked in as promised. Room was spacious for one or two. Cable TV and internet was working just as advertised! Bathroom though shared with them was spotless and I made sure to return the favor everyday by cleaning up quickly too when I used it. Enjoyed visiting with them Sunday morning over a cup of coffee Pamela made me, nicest NY couple ever! Pamela et Jay sont très accueillant et sont de bons conseils pour explorer NYC. Lappartement est proche dune ligne de métro. Nous avons passé un bon séjour chez eux !"	1
135	"Melody es una anfitriona increible!  Muy atenta y super amigable.  Su departamente es muy hermoso, el barrio es increible y esta muy cerca del subte pata poder movilizarse.  No dudo en mi proxima visita a New York comunicarme con ella para repetir la experiencia que fue unica!   My partner and I stay for 5 nights. And we enjoyed our time very much. The room is wonderful and large and the bed is great! Locations is fabulous and close to everything we wanted. Definitely would recommend people to stay.  The bright room was great-  spacious and clean in a large appartment. In a great location a few blocks from Bedford street and an easy walk to the subway. Melody and her housemates were very friendly and helpful. Thanks for a great stay! Fantastic location in Williamsburg and very easy going host. We enjoyed our stay at Melodys apartment!  The location is fantastic as it is literally 3 subway stops away from the centre of Manhattan. The subway station is at a short walking distance. Williamsburg is a lovely area where one can find many types of restaurants and shops.    Melody and her two (Hidden by Airbnb) are young, respectful and easy-going people, and are very pleasant and helpful to talk to.    The room is spacious enough and the bathroom is nice and clean.   Wi-fi never failed, good speed.    The only negative point was that despite the fact that the room has  lovely big windows, there was no curtain to cover them with. This gave the room less privacy as neighbours in the next building have view into the room.    Other than that we had a great stay. I would totally go back to Melodys if i were to visit NYC again.   Un accueil agréable, discret et plein de charme dans Williamsburg au cœur de ce quartier  charmant de Brooklin We had a great time staying at the apartment - the location was perfect and Ill definately be recommending it to my friends back home. The view from the rooftop was impressive, and there are amazing city views if you walk down a block or two, by the river. The apartment itself is very nice and quiet, the bathroom/shower could be kept cleaner but other than that it was great. Melodys home was perfect for our visit to NYC! She and her roommate were both very kind and helpful, offering great suggestions for places to eat and things to do on our trip.  Her apartment was spacious and bright, and our room was very cozy and relaxing - perfect to come home to at the end of a long day of exploring the city.  In addition, it is only a few short blocks (5 minute walk) from the main subway line that took us straight to Manhattan in about 10 minutes - it was perfectly convenient and wonderful! Staying in Melodys home changed my life! An immediately happy, peaceful, nurturing, creative household. Melody is a great, generous, interesting, and caring person. She went out of her way to accommodate my arrival time.The home is spacious, and the large bedroom is filled in the morning, with what seems to be beach light - a joy! The neighborhood is fantastic. Great energy, shops, cafes, people. And I loved sharing the space with the amazing young family from Norway staying at the loft through airbnb! This was my first airbnb experience, and a great one. I definitely recommend it and would be happy to return! Very great enjoy in Brooklyn !  the situation was perfect !!!  thank you Melody. Melodys crib was a great place to crash in. It couldnt be better located with being so close to the east river and also close to bedford av metro station. It took me 15min to get from the flat to union square - couldnt be better. The flat is very cozy, clean and the rooms melody has to offer are worth their price. Also the williamsburg area is very nice, safe and calmed down. Hands down: I would always come back again. Thanks so much! I had a great stay at Melodys place. The bedroom itself was extremely bright and the bed very comfortable. Best about the apartment was the location; located in Williamsburg, a very hip and boheme part of NYC and just one subway-stop from Manhattan! Very nice, clean, and welcoming place to stay.  A short walk to the L makes it a great spot for both Brooklyn and Manhattan I had a great time staying at Melodys apartment. Very nice, cozy and clean, the neighborhood is awesome! lots of fun things to do, and Melody was a great hostess. Definitely recommended. Just one disclaimer, there are four bedrooms and only one bathroom so be ready to wait in line for the shower.  Melody was the perfect host, and I had a wonderful stay! She was always there to give advice if needed and I would be happy to recommend her place to anyone looking for a short or long term rental. I would definitely return if I had another opportunity in the city. The apartment is in a great location for getting around, and Williamsburg is a lovely retreat from the madness of Manhattan!  Melody is a super sweet girl. Very friendly and chatty which is always a plus when youre staying with other people. Melodys flat is pretty decent too and whats more important it is approximately 1 minute walk to Bedford Ave in Brooklyn which became a very interesting part of town recently. There are plenty of bars and coffee shops to choose from, lots of young people and generally a very cool upbeat atmosphere which is exactly what you want when youre traveling to NYC.  We loved our stay at Melodys. A really bright room. She gave us good adresses for restaurants and brunch places. She seems very at ease with people and with herself. In some way, she attracts quiet hosts which is very pleasant.   We loved the great view on the roof terras onto Manhattan. The appartement is close to the water front and the ferry and close to the subway on Bedford.     The apartments is perfectly located steps away from all the Williamsburg scene. I really enjoyed my stay here and the location of the apartment was the best of it.  My room was fine, very quiet and it was worth its price.  Melody was a great host, the communication with her was always easy and she shared some useful information and tips about cafes, groceries, restaurantsand stores nearby.  The apartment is shared with Melody and there are 2 other rooms for rent. I didn`t have any problem sharing the flat and overall it was a very good experience. Melody hosted a very close friend of mine, she loved the experience and was very happy with everything- area, place itself, closeness to manhattan Beautiful room, ideal location, we highly recommend staying here. We stayed here for a week and had such a fun stay in New York. Easy walking distance to train station, bars, cafes, restaurants, grocery stores, flea market, brooklyn brewery etc. We didnt meet Melody as she was busy but check-in was easy and it was great to be able to use the kitchen for many of our meals to save money. The apartment is clean and comfortable. One of the best perks is the proximity to the train station as NYs underground system is so good that its a short trip to everywhere you want to visit in NY. Melodys place was great! I had a great time and really enjoyed my stay. The apt is huge and very sunny which is really nice and everyone is laid back and fun! A great place to stay near the city and there are lots of fun things to do in williamsburg! And the view of the city skyline from the river is just amazing (1block away)!!  Its a great place you can call home while staying in NYC!  Our stay here was great. The rooms are nice, clean and comfortable, and the neighborhood is lovely with plenty of good restaurants, cafes and bars. I would definitely stay in Williamsburg again for my next visit.   We really enjoyed the location, the room and the nice host! Melody is a friendly host and has a great, large appartement with a superb location if you are looking for the Williamsburg experience. The room was cosy and excactly what we expected. The appartement and the bathroom could use some cleaning though. Other than that, I would absolutely recommend this place.   My stay was great! Melody was very friendly and welcoming and the apartment was perfect for my trip. Its in a great location and I would highly recommend it. La ubicación del departamento es muy buena!! Hay bares, restaurantes y negocios en general, tiene el subte a 3 cuadras y en solo 10 minutos estas en manhattan. Las habitaciones son comodas, la cocina y el baño tambien :) Melody fue muy buena anfitriona y nos ayudo en lo que necesitabamos.  We had a very nice stay. The apartment only 5 min away from the metrostation.  Melody is a nice host.  However, the bathroom was not very welcoming. It needs to be cleaned more often. We recently stayed with Melody. The apartment is very well located and the rooms are big and spacious. But the whole house needed a very good clean. The bathrooms very particularly dirty with dust and hair everywhere and the sink and bath needed a good scrub too.    Melody was lovely on arrival and very helpful but then the next few days was very quiet and introverted. It made us feel uncomfortable at times because we felt we had to walk on eggshells around her.     The room is great and its a great location! But I would suggest that she improves the cleaning and be more consistent with her friendliness. Im really like this  room.  Since the sunlight from outside was strong, I wanted curtain.   I certainly stay, when going to NY again.  And it is in a very good place.  I loved this bright room at Melodys a lot! Its just a ten minute ride with the l train from manhattan and only a few steps from nicest cafés, restaurants, little grocery stores. There is also a rooftop with a spectacular view on manhattan. Melody herself is such a sweet and kind person. It was really a pleasure meeting her, having nice little chats although she was really busy at that time! I will always try to come back to her place the next times!  Melody place is perfect for a stay in NYC. In the vibrant Williamsburg is few meters from Hudson River and two block from the lively Bedford avenue, just 1 metro stop to Manhattan. The room is bright and cozy. Melody is a perfect host and it would definitely recommend  Melodys place is a perfect stay for everyone who wants to visit NYC!  I would definitely recommend others to stay here! The apartment is light, spacy and very conveniently located in Williamsburg, a very hip and upcoming area close to Manhattan. Only 1 metro stop away from Manhattan. I only stayed for 3 nights, but I had the pleasure meeting Melody a few times. Shes a real warm and charming person to stay with. The place is perfect! walking distance to L train at Bedford, so you reach manhattan in a few minutes, that is the best. Also Williamsburg neighborhood is beauty and fun. The apartment is sunny, safe and big. Melody is a great host, so Im very happy to have been there. Staying at Melodys was great!  The appartment is close to the Metro, restaurants, caffes and to everything you need! bedford av. is only 10 min away from Union sq. by metro so you can reach Manhattan very easily.  the appartment and the room are spacious and bright! maybe the room is a bit too bright in the morning but it is fine!   Melody is a very nice host! Definitely a very good place for your holidays in New York! The apartment is great located - Quiet and close to great bars and cafes plus L line with a great connection to Manhattan. The apartment and room were clean and even though there were two other people living and the host herself, there was never a problem with the bathroom.     A highlight is the rooftop, no luxury up there :), but it is great to chill out there and to have a great view on Manhattan if the weather allows. I stayed there for 5 nights with my girlfriend. The room is fine and the place is located just a 5 minutes walk from bedford av station and very close to a lot of cool bars, cafés and restaurants. If you plan to stay at williamsburg, id recommend this place. Melody var en meget god vært og værelset levede op til beskrivelsen på internettet. Lejligheden kan ikke ligge mere perfekt. Den ligger lige midt mellem de hyggeligste cafeer, restauranter, barer, og sjove butikker. Hvis man savner Manhattan ligger lejligheden meget tæt på en subway som fører dig derind på 10 min. Alt i alt et godt sted! Location is super-awesome. Its on a quiet block, but theres also so many fun things nearby. Want to get an awesome view of the Manhattan skyline? Head to the rooftop bar at the Wythe Hotel (4 blocks away). Want to dance your butt off to some really amazing DJs? Head to Output (3 blocks away). Want a fancy steak dinner in a casual environment without paying and arm and a leg? Head to El Almacén (5 blocks away). Want to meet a friend for a unique brunch at a cute Japanese cafe? Head to House of Small Wonder (3 blocks away).    Besides that, what really made the experience was how welcoming Melodys home felt. With people coming and going, it felt a bit like a hostel, but without the cramped feeling you normally get from having to live in close quarters with others. Melody herself is a really warm person, and she also tends to attract awesome, open-minded folks from all over the place.    The room itself really is BRIGHT. So hopefully youre a morning person. If youre not, bring a sleeping mask and youll be totally fine. Furnishings in the room are basic, but totally adequate, and theres a coin-less (as in free!) washer/dryer for everyone on that floor to use. Theres one shared bathroom in the apartment, but we didnt experience bathroom traffic jams too often. Casa in posizione strategica a 10 minuti di metro da Manatthan. Praticamente vissuto in solitaria fortunatamente direi perché o se no un bagno per tre camere matrimoniali sarebbe difficile da gestire. Casa calda, doccia calda e  da usare principalmente come luogo per dormire e per farsi la colazione. The room was marvellously decorated and very spacious. The residence is a mere 3-minute walk to the metro station, and a 10-minute ride therefrom to Manhattan. Its also a short walk to the shore of the East River, where we had an incredible view of the Manhattan skyline and sunset on New Years Eve, and there are a lot of wonderful shops, cafes and restaurants very nearby in Williamsburg too. Its a great location to be in. Melody was a very thoughtful, friendly and kind hostess.  The room is very spacious and full of light with tall windows, in an amazing location in the heart of Williamsburg.  I recommend staying in this friendly and light space, located in the centre of Williamsburg. Melody is a wonderful host, very welcoming and she made me feel at home straight away.  Mel was great. Her apartment has an amazing location and is nice and homely. She is a great host and I highly recommend staying here. The experience at Mels apartment is not bad. I would suggest you stay here if you need a couple nights, would meet her first and see the space before you commit to long periods of time.     Location is great. Roommates are awesome. Mel is an interesting person - I think she can work on being more cordial to people and being more tidy of her place (cleaning fridge out so no rotten things in there, replacing moldy shower curtains). On the positive side she is accommodating when you need her to be - and if youre going from AirBnB to AirBnB, you really need a person like that. She gave me extensions and other favors when she didnt need to, and I will always appreciate that.    Only thing that really bothered me about the space was that there is only 1 bathroom and its in the living room. So theres a TON of traffic and it can be embarrassing for people to have to go in there when people are in the living room. If that doesnt bother you, no worries.    In general I would say this space is very much a ""fit"" thing and you should do your homework before staying there. It can be very great but you need to be comfortable with certain things.     Melody is super sweet warm person! location of the place is absolutely stunning - just right next to east river park with spectacular view on manhattan, metro is few blocks away. Rooms are full of light and sunshine! Would be happy to come back here again and again :) Comfortable, quiet - yet right in the middle of bar/caffe/young area! Will be happy to come back again to this sunny spacious place! Melody is a very bright positive person and I was happy to call this place my home for 3 months. <3 Everything was Ok Melody made us feel very welcomed in her apartment. She was incredibly accommodating to us and was very friendly, offering many brunch and dinner suggestions for us to choose from. Her apartment is spacious, quiet, clean, and well-situated in Williamsburg. I would recommend staying in Melodys lovely home!  Big and comfortable place with a homey charm. Definitely more than just a place to stay, and Melody was a helpful host. The location was great as well. Melodys place is in the THE best location in Williamsburg and New York.   Its just round the corner from Brooklyn bowl, Wythe Hotel and the new William Vale Hotel with an amazing rooftop bar which is definitely worth a visit.  2 blocks away from the L train means its a quick journey to Manhattan and theres plenty of places to eat and drink on Bedford Ave.  The flat itself is nice and spacious and the shower has great water pressure.   You will enjoy staying here.    Great location, great people, classic Williamsburg.  Place was nice, amazing light. Great people. Few issues here n there but Melody was very helpful."	1
136	"Great neighborhood, spacious digs and all the basics you need to feel entirely at home in NYs Lower East Side. Really great stay! No problems at all.  Great location.  Book with confidence. Great apartment and in a location that even impressed New Yorkers, Id happily recommend this as a place to stay. Lovely appartment in lovely neighbourhood, basic but very mutch okay (excellent beds - very important), on a terrific location, with china town on one hand and hip boutiques en restaurants on the other,  subway around the corner, williams brigde nearby for biking to brooklyn.  louise Really enjoyed my stay in this NYC apt. Good light, spacious rooms and simple but has everything you need. Living room couch is comfy for chilling and the 4 person dining room table is great to sit and eat or work at. Beds were comfy. Its up a 4 flight walk up, but it wasnt bad. Place was very clean as well.  We loved this apartment. It was super clean and comfortable, and it was in a really great location. Joanna was really helpful and left a list of suggestions and contacts for our stay. Id definitely recommend this apartment to anyone looking for accommodation in NYC.  The apartment looks just like it does in the photos and is in a fabulous location, well within walking distance to all of south Manhattan and with the subway just round the corner if you cant be bothered walking. The kitchen is big and spacious and everything is well stocked.The building itself is very quiet but I wouldnt say its a quiet street – but then Im a light sleeper and I think its pretty standard for NY, and its nothing that earplugs cant deal with.   We had a great time at this place and I thoroughly recommend staying here.  Joanna was helpful and responsive. Her place is simple but comfortable. Exactly how it looks in the photos. We stayed with our two teenage kids and it was a great base for exploring the city. Excellent location. Plenty of places to eat and Essex St food market nearby as well as a great local subway. Short walk to Soho and East Village. Fab. The apartment is nice and airy with a good sized kitchen and bathroom for a weeks hol. It was a little noisy in the early mornings, though I think we were unlucky with some street works happening outside for a couple of days.    The apartment is close to some good bars and an excellent coffee shop (88 Orchard). The close subway made it really easy to explore NYC. A really nice place to base ourselves for our break. Id certainly recommend. Apartamento muy bien situado, limpio y con bares cerca que no molestan si quieres dormir. Muy cerca de lineas de metro al centro de manhattan y aeropuerto jfk. Muy recomendable    Very well situated and clean appartment. There are several bars near but don´t disturb anything. Very close from subway lines to manhattan center and jfk airport. Very recomendable Cute apartment at a perfect location in the heart of the lower east side. 4 people (2 couples) stayed here during xmas and new years. It is a quiet building and neighborhood, and everything you might need (bakery, deli, bank, pharmacy, bars and resurants) are just minutes away. Host was very helpful, accommodating and prompt in repsonding to inquiries!  Thank you Joanna! Booking with Joanna was a smooth and easy process. She is prompt and organized - she sends a thorough and helpful welcome email about the apartment and the neighborhood before check-in that everyone appreciated. Her apartment is true to photos and it is in an excellent and convenient location in NY. My husband and I, with our son & daughter, both in their early twenties stayed in Joannas apartment for  2 weeks. Before our arrival, communication with the host was excellent.  The apartment was clean, airy and spacious; exactly as presented on airbnb. Also, it felt very secure. The location was just perfect for all of us. This apartment was an excellent base and we would definitely, stay there again, should we be so lucky to return from sunny Sydney. [One note, there are no keys for the bedroom doors, so best not to lock them.] We spent a very nice week in Joannas apartment. It was simple but clean, comfortable and convenient (short walk to the subway station).   We enjoyed the neighborhood very much. There are good restaurants and an excellent coffee shop ""88 Orchard"". Id certainly recommend. We were a group of four that had a wonderful time in Joannas place.  The location was great, with lot of things happening at every corner in the neighborhood. Easy access to subway as well as walking distance to Soho and East Village.   Check in and check out were smooth as Joanna was very flexible and she also quickly answered the questions we had.  After a week we wished we could have stayed longer and would highly recommend staying here for anyone visiting New York. Joannas place was such a comfortable, clean and easy place to stay at. Its in a fantastic spot with so many great restaurants and bars around, yet just far enough away so the noise isnt too bad. The LES does get noisier at night on the weekends but we just put fans on to cover any ambient noise from the street.  As a host, Joanna is really responsive and has put a lot of thought in to make the place comfortable.   We got caught in Hurricane Sandy during our stay and Joanna was really helpful, checked in with us and made sure we were ok after being stranded at JFK.  The place matches all the great reviews. We got caught up in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy but Joanna kept in contact with us and was very helpful in answering questions and making sure things were sorted out for us.    The apartment was a great base to explore the city.  It was clean and comfortable.  There was heaps of room for 4 of us who stayed for a week - 2 reasonable sized seperate bedrooms with queen beds.  LES is a great neighbourhood to stay in.  Lots of restaurnats, bars and shops nearby.  Check out the Tenement museum if you have a chance.  It is also very convenient for public transport.    The neighbourhood can be quiet noisy overnight, particuarly on the weekends, but nothing that a pair of earplugs or a few drinks wont fix!    The only con that I can think of is that the heater cant be regulated so can be quite hot at times, particuarly at night.  Again, easy fixed though with opening a window.    Would definitely recommend to stay!  Joanna is a great host. Nice apartment in a great location, Joanna was very helpful and made our stay easier for us. Would recommend staying here if youre looking for a cool place to stay in the Lower East Side. I had a great stay at Joannas place, it was exactly as advertised and no problem getting the keys.  This is a wonderful apartment. The apartment is in a fantastic location - the Lower East Side if very accessible by public transport - with a subway station 2 blocks away that till take you right into midtown and anywhere else you want to go. Around in the area there are plenty of bars, shops and restaurants to keep you occupied without even having to leave the area - Bar 169 and Dudleys to name a few. Great coffee shops right around the corner too. The apartment itself is in good condition. It very easily fit our four guests - with generous double beds and plenty of sitting room in the living room. The bathroom and kitchen are nice and large (for New York) as well.  The heating isnt amazing - its controlled by the building so we found it a little chilly for our liking. Ended up just putting on more blankets and jumpers. The heating in one of the bedrooms doesnt seem to work. The apartment is located on the top floor of an apartment block that doesnt have an elevator - so be prepared to carry your luggage up 7 flights of stairs when you first arrive.  Small cons aside, this is a great apartment in a great location in New York and we would thoroughly recommend it to anyone wanting to stay in the city. The apartment was great! It was even better than pictured. For such a long stay, we were really able to feel at home here. The neighborhood was very friendly and easily accessible!   I had an amazing 3 weeks at Joannas apartment.     Really central to the Lower East Side - fantastic cafes, restaurants and bars all within a hop, skip and a jump of the apartment. Also only a few minutes walk to the subway which can get you uptown or to Brooklyn relatively easy.    If youre not sure where to stay in NYC - this is the place for you! A 15 minute walk gets you to Soho, Little Italy, Nolita & Chinatown.    Similar to the other reviews, note that there are 4 flights of stairs & no elevator, however dont let that worry you.    It was still fairly cold in NYC however there were no issues at all with the heating.    You do get a little street noise, but its NYC after all!    Joanna was a wonderful host and I had no problems at all. I did leave a jacket behind but Joanna was able to ship it to me without any stress or troubles.    Overall, it was great to come back to the apartment after a busy day out and about. I have absolutely no hesitation recommending Joannas apartment to family and friends and of course anyone reading this! Joannas apartment was just as the pictures show. It was spacious & clean with 2 very comfortable beds.  There was a lot of closet space & shelves for our belongings.   I love the area- lots of great cafes & shops.   My colleague & I were very comfortable & would gladly recommend Joannas place to others.   Joanna was very thorough in her communication & I felt would be available very quickly if needed- however we didnt need anything whilst there. I stayed in the apartment for 2 months over the summer.     Check in was very easy, Joanna was very accomodating to when I needed to check in and provided me with keys and gave me an overview of the apartment.     Amentities- everything you could need was there, towels, plates, toaster, extra sheets, dvd player. I really did not need to buy many extras. There was even essential food items like salt, pepper, ect so if you needed to cook that was all there (this may vary depending the the stay though). The apartment was very clean and I never had any problems. Joanna even asked if we needed a new air conditioner since it was so hot during our stay. We never had a problem with the AC and the two window units worked very well and pretty quickly.     The apartment is on the 4th floor of a walk up but it was not very bad at all. For laundry- there is a really cheap place around the corner that will do it for you. TV- there is only very basic cable but I was pretty busy so it did not really matter. The beds were pretty comfortable, I put a extra blanket under the bed to make it a little more fluffy but it is nothing to stress about. There was also a ton of hangers which was nice.     The building is right across from a school and is relatively quiet for NYC honestly. Around the corner there are a ton of restaurants (my favorite is this awesome mexican place Barrio Chino). The F train is a block away also. If you like to run, the Williamsburg bridge is like 5 blocks away and is a great work out. A lot of my favorite bars and shopping are on ludlow or a 10 minute walk so it is a really great location.     Overall- my roommate and I had a wonderful stay and it was very easy to work with Joanna. If we ever needed anything, she was always willing to help. I would definitely recommend this apartment in the future.Great place to stay!  Lappartement  est situé dans un quartier très agréable à vivre, de nombreux cafés, restaurants et petites boutiques se trouvent à proximité, cest un endroit très vivant et à taille humaine.  Nous avons passé un très agréable séjour dans lappartement de Joanna, on se sent rapidement à laise, les photos sont représentatives du lieu, Après de longues et éreintantes promenades dans New York,retrouver un petit nid douillet est un plus.   La décoration est soignée et cosy, chose très appréciable, lappartement est très propre et vraiment confortable!!  Nous navons pas eu le plaisir de rencontrer notre hôte,mais à notre arrivée une de ses amies était là pour nous accueillir de façon très sympathique  Tout le long de notre séjour nous sommes restés en contact avec Joanna par mail, elle a répondu à toutes nos sollicitations de façon très rapide, nous donnant en prime des petits conseils shopping pour ma fille de 21 ans.  En bref, un appartement très bien et une hôte très disponible.Nous le conseillons vivement à tous ceux qui veulent passer un super séjour sans mauvaise surprise.     The apartment is large and well appointed. It was clean and had everything to make our stay enjoyable. It was close to subways and transportation. We liked the vibe of the Lower East Side and Litlle Italy. Joanna was easy to communicate with and we had no problem moving in or out.    I recently stayed at Jos apartment with a friend.  The apartment was just as Jo had described.  Nice and roomy and everything you would want.  The area was fantastic, we didnt visit the same bar or restaurant twice - so many within walking distance. Close to transport and a nice 20 minute walk to Soho which was great.  The top floor was a bit of a challenge with the suitcases, but once you were in, it was fine.  We found the stairs great exercise.  The unit was lovely and light and very secure.    Jo was a pleasure to deal with - we would definitely stay there again. JoLynn was very straightforward and accommodating. Very easy to deal with.  Flat was great and just what we needed. Great location and plenty of space. Jo was super helpful and accommodating too. Thanks! Great communication and lovely flat in a great location. Really spacious for a NYC place. Comfy beds and a super nice living room to hang out in with comfy sofas. Its an old tenement so has some idiosyncrasies, the steam heating is quite noisy, and the main bedroom fronts onto a busy LES street so bring some earplugs if you want to sleep late. Lappartement est situé dans un quartier agréable, animé, à proximité immédiate des commerces, bars, dinner... et de la station de subway Essex street, ce qui est très pratique....  Lappartement est agréable, lumineux mais souffre malheureusement dun manque dentretien flagrant, dune bonne insonorisation, lensemble des équipements étant très largement amorti.   Les chambres sont spacieuses avec une literie de bonne qualité.   La salle de bain est sombre et exigüe avec un aspect ""bricolé"" indigne dune location.   Lappartement ne dispose pas de connexion (Website hidden by Airbnb) faut dont se tourner vers les commerces de proximité disposant dune connexion wifi.  Une désinsectisation serait souhaitable car la présence quotidienne de cafards dans la salle de bain et le salon nest pas très agréable.....  Les parties communes sont vétustes.  Le standing proposé nest pas en conformité avec le montant du loyer demandé, avec un malentendu flagrant sur lemploi du mot ""renovated"" First of all, Joanna is excellent at communicating. She always responds within a few hours (or sometimes minutes!) From the booking process to confirming your arrival details to contacting you the day before youre about to leave, she makes it all so easy.     Wow - what a treat it was to stay in Joannas apartment! It was exactly how it was described. We were met by Joannas friend, Roger, who helped us carry our luggage up the four flights of stairs (thank you Roger!). The apartment has everything youll need: hair dryer, coffee maker, iron, etc. It also has a really peaceful vibe to it. It was tempting to stay in every night! The back bedroom is quieter and darker (which I prefer) and the front bedroom is along the street so there is a bit more noise. Joanna has a standing fan that we put on at night and the white noise would drown out any street noise so we actually slept really well. You never hear any noise from the neighbors or ever see them. It really felt like we were at home.     The area where the apartment is located is surrounded by tons of cool restaurants with lots of hipsters walking around (fyi, be sure to have dinner at Stanton Social) and the subway is only a few minutes away. But, also check out the amazing food in Chinatown and Little Italy, too! Theres also a gigantic (and I mean gigantic) Whole Foods about a 10 minute walk and a wine store next door to it with a decent selection of inexpensive wines. I could go on and on but the lower east side has absolutely everything youll need or want - and I cant even begin to tell you how close it is to walk to SoHo...    Thank you, Joanna, for making our girls long weekend trip so memorable! I cant wait to get back to New York and stay here again! xx The apartment was just as described, spacious (especially by New York standards) located in charming and vibrant neighbourhood.    The appartment is in a great location in Lower East Side with everything you need within walking distance: transport, great coffee, grocery store and many wonderful bars / restaurants.   The appartment is located on the 4th floor with a walk up which apart from the small challenge with the suitcases it was fine to handle.    All up we really enjoyed our stay. JoLynn was a great host. She is excellent at communicating. There were a few minor issues, but these were dealt with swiftly, which was really appreciated. We found the apartment to be as it was described; clean and comfortable, accommodating the four of us with relative ease. The beds were great, and we were able to sleep quite soundly. The furnishings were a lovely touch of character. & the location is great! It is located close to the subway and around the corner from some great restaurants and coffee shops. We really enjoyed our 2 weeks of holiday in New York. It was a treat to stay here! Thanks JoLynn! Joanna tiene un hermoso y confortable apartamento. Los ambientes son  más amplios y comodos de lo que se puede ver en las fotos y el lugar tiene todo lo necesario para pasarla muy bien. Está muy bien ubicado: a 150 metros tiene el subway  F, J y M. En pocas manzanas alrededor hay muchos lugares para comer o tomar algo y escuchar música (en LES hay muchos lugares para escuchar rock). Está a 5 min a pie del Soho y Nolita y si quieren escuchar blues caminando 15 o 20 min o en 5 min de metro llegan a Greenwich Village. Y lo mas importante, Joanna y Jared son unos excelentes anfitriones. Nos dieron muchos consejos sobre lugares para visitar y disfrutar. La comunicación con ellos es muy accesible y rápida y se interesan en que los huespedes estén bien. Volvería a alojarme sin dudarlo en este apartamento la próxima vez que visitemos NYC. This is a great location to use as a base to explore NYC. It is in a fantastic neighbourhood with lots of amazing places to eat and cool bars within a block of the appartment. You can easily walk to lower manhattan, TriBeca, SoHo, Little Italy,NoHo and NoLita. Then there are 2 subway stations that are really close and will take you anywhere else you want to go. There is some street noise, which is to be expected, but very little noise from the neighbours. JoLynn was really easy to communicate with and the check in process was really easy.  Pasamos 7 noches en la casa de Joanna. La casa es tal y como se muestra en las fotos. Cómoda y acogedora. Muy bien situada cerca de Little Italy en un bloque donde hay magnificos restaurantes y establecimientos. Tiene estación de metro al lado con línea directa a pleno centro de Manhattan en unos 15 minutos.  Joanna respondió a todas nuestras dudas rápidamente en todo momento y nos ayudó en todo lo que requerimos. Nos informó debidamente antes de llegar a la ciudad y permitió que dejásemos nuestro equipaje la mañana del último día después del checkout hasta que salimos hacia el aeropuerto por la tarde.  Sólo criticaría tres cosas que podrían mejorar la estancia de futuros huéspedes: la calefacción no funcionaba en una de las dos habitaciones aunque no pasamos demasiado frío, a pesar de estar bastante limpia encontramos algún insecto en la cocina (hay que cuidar esas cosas porque deslucen mucho) y por último creo que está de más hacer pagar la lavandería de sabanas y toallas a los inquilinos después de desembolsar 100 dólares de limpieza.  A pesar de ello, nuestra estancia fue agradable y recomiendo la casa y la atención de Joanna. Gracias.       JoLynns apartment was perfect. Just as described, well situated in the centre of everything and very spacious. Cant fault it . My dad and I had a great 6 day vacation in NYC and were lucky to stay in Joannas appartment. It provides enough space for at least 3-4 persons if needed, its very clean, cozy and feels very safe. Around the appartment youll find dozens of eateries, coffee bars, delis etc. Everything you need is in close vicinity, even easy access to the subway and busses. We just havent met Joanna in person, but maybe next time :) Key hand over and appartment description went easily anyhow! JoLynn was very responsive and flexible in our last minute booking.  The apartment is as pictured, NY-large and comfortable, in a great neighborhood (lower east side 2 blocks from the Tenement museum, great bars, restaurants, shops, chinatown and several subway stops.) Especially liked Amuse wine bar, Vita coffee shop, September wine store, Congee Village, plus Reformation and Szeki for fun but not expensive womens clothing. ODD had great (expensive) designer clothing for men and women. Katz deli is an experience and excellent but expensive pastrami sandwiches.    Bring or buy bath soap and shampoo as they are not provided. Excellent apartment in LES! Joanne was very prompt in booking and flexible in my longer term stay. I highly recommend this 2 bedroom for others. Appartement situé à proximité des métros Vaisselle sommaire  Blanchisserie en supplément  Hôte réactive   Really great apartment in a really fun part of town! Very spacious with great appliances. Really the only thing we didnt like about the apartment was the five story walk up, but you get used to it and it is not a big deal. I would definitely recommend this apartment for people staying in NY, especially young people who are looking to go out and explore bars/nightlife.  Awesome location in the Lower East Side about 3 min from Delancey subway station. Just be careful with the five flights of stairs. Joanna made the check in and check out easy and seamless. There were several things that needed service/cleaning left from the previous tenant but Joanna was quick to respond and helped us get service in a timely way. She was easily accessible by email or phone. I would stay here again for a long term stay. Perfect for a month! Acabamos de chegar, de uma estadia de 35 dias. O apartamento é exatamente como é descrito, confortável, amplo, bem localizado. O bairro é repleto de bares e restaurantes maravilhosos. Você está a duas quadras pequenas da estação do metrô que o levará a uptown: ""Times Square"", ""Broadway"", ""Rockfeller Center"" e muito mais. Fácil deslocamento para o aeroporto também.  Local absolutamente seguro, durante o dia e a noite. Conta com ""Pharmacy"" service 24 horas, o que inclui um mini mercado, e na esquina tem um ""Deli"" 24 horas também. Serviço de lavanderia a menos de uma quadra. Lojas interessantes e o Tennement Museum estão bem próximos. Você estará a poucas quadras da Chinatonw, Little Italy e Soho. É muito bom camninhar por lá, fazer compras, almoçar ou jantar em excelentes restaurantes. Sem falar nos cafés e sorvetes...  Joanne é uma excelente proprietária. Super profissional!!   Recomendo muito o imóvel!!! Não tenho absolutamente nenhuma restrição ou consideração negativa a fazer. Joanna was very casual easy to deal with, key pick up was not a problem despite Joanna being out of town. The apartment is old but really good. Had to turn off the heating system during the night to eliminate a few noises, light sleepers bring ear plugs! It didnt bother me but be warned there are 68 steps from the street to the apartment door!    The neighbourhood is great, walking distance to Soho and lots of fantastic restaurants and cafes around the corner. I would certainly stay here again. My sister and I stayed in the apartment for over 4 weeks. We really loved it! The neighborhood was amazing, lots of bars, restaurants and cute little shops.   5 minute walk to my favorite neighborhood Soho! The subway is around the corner and will take you anywhere in the city.  Joanne was a lovely host! She made sure we had the key(s) and she provided enough sheets and towels for our whole stay.  Shes very nice, always replies when you have questions and she made sure that everything was okay.  The apartment is on the top floor, so make sure you dont have a problem with walking stairs everyday. The streets can be a bit noisy, so when youre a light sleeper make sure you bring earplugs.  My sister and I had an amazing time and on our next trip to the city we would certainly stay there again! A comfortable apartment in a great location. Walking distance to many great areas to explore with more restaurants of any cuisine just a block or two away. Jo was great to chat to and helped us throughout our stay when we asked. My tip is to check out Vanessas Kitchen which is only a couple of blocks away for the best (and cheapest) dumplings Ive had so far.  The location was fantastic, and I am very appreciative that JoLynn could handle our last minute request. She was pleasant, communicative and a caring host. Despite not meeting her in person, Joanna was very quick to respond to messages and allowed us early check-in/late check-out as our flight schedules werent ideal. The flat itself was wonderful, though the walk up was a good workout. A good size for our party of three. The apartment was great, cosy and exactly as shown in the photos. The neighbourhood is great with lots of bars, restaurants and museums. The subway is really close for quick access uptown or to Brooklyn. Jo was very communicative and the whole process for checking in and out was easy.  Overall a big thumbs up! The apartment was in a great location and exactly as pictured. It was plenty roomy for three women to share. The neighbors were quiet although the area is busy and the radiators loud at night so recommend ear plugs. We were disappointed that the coffee maker was broken and the pans too rusty to feel comfortable using to heat water. This is a no frills accommodation and the first time in my history of holiday rentals that I needed to make arrangements for laundering the bedding and towels. It is usually included in the cleaning fee. Bright and sunny and overall a good place to stay while visiting Manhattan. The apartment is at a great location and the neighborhood is fantastic. It is a walk up and we had some problems with a leaking sink, but it was fixed pretty soon. On a Sunday! So thank you for that!   The bedrooms are great and we recommend this place.  Les photos ne correspondent pas à la réalité ,la luminosité des pièces est quasi inexistante dans la cuisine ou il faut allumer  la luminaire car petite fenètre coté cour,le séjour aussi est plutot sombre pourtant en plein mois daout.Les deux chambres sont fonctionnelles mais poussière sous les lits et des cartons vides.Quasiment pas de vaisselle pour 4 personnes ,ily avait 3 mugs à café et quelques assiettes dépareillées. The apartment was in a great location in a great neighbourhood. Joanna was a great host and was helpful with any queries we had.  Jolynn did a great job of communicating with me during the process and was accommodating and available when we arrived late at night and were a bit confused about location of key, etc. The location of the place was great and it was clean when we arrived. Both beds very comfortable.  All was good, though it did get cold and the main heat in the building had not been turned on yet. I ended up sleeping in my down jacket the last 2 nights (note: I do  run cold and it didnt bother my friend quite as much). A portable space heater would have made it much more comfortable. There was also some confusion about paying cash for the apartment to be cleaned and prepaying for the laundry at the end of the stay--because the cleaning fee was already factored into the overall price via the Airbnb site. After talking with Jolynn we didnt need to pay those extra cleaning fees.      Other then that, it was a great apartment for us and I would recommend it to others!  Positive: - Good well equipped and furnished apartment in a lively vibrant area, where you want to go out and be out there;  - Easy check-in - all very well organized; - Quick communication (helped with a portable heater for the 2nd bedroom)   Improvement points: - Very noisy: At any point in time day or night 85 dB. 1) During the day time - theres an open construction site (tentatively running through 2018); 2) Old heating system making loud noise (80-85dB) every night at 4 in the morning; - 5th floor - a bit complicated with large suit cases (good training though :) ). - No microwave; dishwasher; washing machine (closest laundry 2 blocks away). - Leaking tap in the kitchen. Not fixed in 4 months; - Communication is quick, but not always solution driven THE NEIGHBORHOOD!!!   The neighborhood that this airbnb is in is SO cool. There are tons of delicious, super hip spots for food, coffee, drinks, etc within blocks. We were so so happy with the location.   The apartment overall was also great. Clean, cute and a decent size for a prewar apartment. Wifi worked great (which was a big deal for us as we were traveling for work). One of the couches was pretty long and very comfortable. Totally a viable option for a third person to stay on, though I cant remember if you are allowed more than two guests.   Only two small cautions that make this a 4 instead of 5 stars. Turns out a 5th floor walk up is a bit of a bummer. Day 4 of coming back from a long work day and then having to climb 4-5 flights was tough. No elevator. Second, the shower was tough to get hot water in. The hot water is probably shared with the rest of the building, so sometimes we were fine and other times it was a cold one.   Like I said, great great great location, well kept up and a super value for what and where it is. Check in was easy and there were very clear house rules and institutions which I appreciate. (If you dont like rules you might want to check this out before booking.)  Its a winner! Book it! My coworker and i had a good stay at JoLynns apartment.  We were in NY for work and didnt spend much time in the apartment, but the location is amazing and the size was good for two people. We had a great stay at this place and the host was friendly and helpful. The location is very close to the Delancey station and there are plenty of good places to eat & drink at nearby. Excellent value for what you get. JoLynn is responsive, delightful, and has a wonderful place!"	0
137	Let me start by saying that the host was very welcoming and helpful. The place is super clean, comfortable and everything is brand new since the host just got this place. What i loved the most was the area because of the  restaurants near by with amazing food and how close it is to anywhere in this city on a train or a taxi. I definitely recommend this place, it was well worth it walking to the 5th floor =) Great place right in the heart of West Harlem. Super close to everything. Ben and hes co-host Luis were very nice and gave me a bunch of great food recommendations in the area. Room was well kept-up and its nice. Is a good place to crash. Friendly people and great location! Will stay here again next time Im in town! Benjamins apartment was absolutely perfect. Refurbished and spotlessly clean, it was a rare find in NYC for the price range. I definitely recommend in every way! It was an abzolut awesome experience Benjamin was constantly in contact with me and I highly recommend staying at his place!! Appartement refait à neuf. Super propre, tres bien equiper. proche métro 5min. As 15 min du centre manhattan.  Je recommande ce lieux. Au futur voyageur. Benjamin is fantastic and accommodating! He makes your stay super comfortable and I have found my second home in ny when I come back for classes! For clean freaks - this is where you want to be! I was traveling for business and came to stay for one night. His place was exceptionally clean, he was extremely hospitable, and the bed was very comfortable. I would definitely recommend. He even recommended a nice place for dinner just around the corner that was delicious! Would stay again, definitely 5 stars! Very nice room in an amazing and lively area! Benjamins place was amazing. I have never stayed at a place so organized and clean. He also gave great tips for food and places to explore. I truly enjoyed my stay. Benjamins place is my go to every month when Im in ny - hes professional and always anticipates my needs with a clean, well furnished place. Ive stayed with him twice and have 3 more trips already booked for next year. If youre looking for something affordable, comfortable and with the nicest host ever, this is the place for you. I strongly recommend his place. Benjamin has a very lovely Mahattan apartment in a very great Harlem neighborhood , the building, the surrounding area and the vibe was incredible. I had a great time living the New York life !!!! Benjamin was a great host! He was very responsive to questions and provide good tips for food. His location is very convenient for riding the local train and moving around the city. His place was clean and very modern. He provided clean towels, and other commodities. As it was winter, the room can get a little hot as the heating is controlled for the entire building and he has no control over it but that could also be a good thing if you like the room a little warmer than average on winter. Benjamin was amazing! He provided a lot of information about how to get around, places to eat and hang out, etc. He responded immediately to all of my messages and made sure we had everything we needed. I would love to stay here again! Liked the location.  Close to the subway and straight connections to Time Sqaure, Bryant Park, Central Park and 9/11 Museum.     Benjamin was extremely helpful.  I had numerous questions and he was very quick responding as well as answered ALL my questions.  He provided great recommendations and was very accommodating.   Almost forgot, he provided different colored towels for each of us which I really liked.  That way we dont get towels confused with a family of four.  Helped to decrease family members disputes.  Thank you! Benjamin’s place is super clean and comfortable. Awesome kitchen however I did not have the chance to use it. Great restaurants nearby and a Whole Foods market within walking distance. Excellent restaurant Maison Harlem is two blocks away. Benjamin made it so easy to check in and accommodated my request of being allergic to cats.  Would stay there again. Ben is nice and accommodating, especially for out of town people staying in NYC. Check in  was easy and he let me store my bags until I needed to go to airport I stay with Benjamin every month - hes thoughtful, kind and entirely focussed on a comfortable experience for you.  I feel I really have a home away when I come in and hes amazing about feedback and little things you might need. His place is clean and accessible and affordable. Es un lugar bastante agradable, cuando llegas a casa de Benjamin, sientes como si hubieras llegado a tu propia casa, es una casa muy limpia, muy agradable, la ubicación es muy buena a unos 4 minutos del subway y muy fácil de llegar desde cualquier lugar, Para llegar al departamento hay que subir 5 pisos pero realmente eso no es problema, de hecho es un buen ejercicio de calentamiento en las mañanas. Benjamin es una excelente persona, es muy agradable y te hace sentir en casa! Benjamin’s place was nice and clean and exactly as advertised. He was a fantastic host that responded to me quickly and was very friendly and helped in any way he could. We found the location to be perfect in terms of what my girlfriend and I were looking for. It’s a bit outside the downtown of Manhattan but the subway is only a few minute walk and would have us downtown Manhattan in 10-15 minutes (full trip was usually 15-20 minutes). We used that system daily and it was very efficient and extremely easy to use. While we didn’t end up having the time to take advantage of Benjamins suggestions, he provided us with many suggestions for the surrounding area which I’m sure would have been fantastic. We really enjoyed our stay with Benjamin and would definitely use his one bedroom again if we returned. Ben is a very nice host, and he has a adorable baby cat. I really enjoyed the time that lived in here. Highly recommend to other guests! I love staying with Ben - its my home away from home and I am always comfortable!	1
138	host was nice and hospitable. the other bnb guests that came was very careless about other guests being there. We enjoyed our stay with Claudio! He was very helpful! Claudio was awesome and super nice. Always made sure we had everything we need. Roomies were friendly too. The location is convenient and theres park with a pretty view just outside the apartment. Very happy with our stay! We will definitely come back! Claudio is a very nice and attentive person. The location is perfect as well with the price. The room we had was an excellent one! Claudios a laid back host with a terrific place on the Hudson River with a gorgeous view of NY skyline. Diners and restaurants around the corner. We drove most of the time so the bridges helped with quick trips to Manhattan. Large park across the street which was great for the dogs.  Definitely a great place for dog owners. Save on kennels.  Claudio was amazing and attentive. Great hospitality, thanks again Claudio! Claudio es una persona muy amable, la casa cuenta con todos los servicios. Obtienes lo que pagas, es un buen lugar si lo que deseas es llegar a dormir, dejar tus cosas, hacer algo de comer, tomar una ducha  y al otro dia salir a explorar la ciudad de NY. Los perritos son super amigables si te los llegas a encontrar! Estube con 3 amigos y acabamos los tres encantados de estar por alla! Se acaba sintiendo como un sitio muy familiar. Un abrazo claudio! Very cool guy who does whatever he can to make the guests feel welcome in his house. Claudio is a great host! Claudio is a great host, he is willing to open his home to everyone who stays with him	0
139	Richard is been VERY nice and helpful! The place, very beautiful historical building, is close to JFK and the shops around Norwood ave supply you with everything you need. prices are a lot lower than Manhattan too. apartment us close to subway and in a real quiet neighborhood. really recommend this place to stay for everyone!!! Richard was very nice and accommodated my late arrival. I was looking for a place to check in late night (3am) Richard was very responsive answer me  quick, and even was awake to hall me check in. As soon as arrived Rich gave me a tour the house, as well as provided the  general layout  of the neighborhood. Richard was easy reachable either by phone or just knocking on his door upstairs, which was another added plus. Hes knows the neighborhood and City well and knows how to help you find what you need assuming it hasnt already been provided. Unfortunately, my am in my fiancé is it to stay year was subpar. Will we arrive to bed-and-breakfast which in fact it was much later than we expected they still do not have room ready. Overall distaste was very unclean, i.e.bathroom and part of the bedroom. Also there was no air conditioning but they did have a fan. Hosts  were very hospitable easy to get in touch but with the toilet breaking and dog Peeing on the floor in addition to underwear in the shower on display just caused my fiancé and I to be uncomfortable. Hopefully they are the starting and they will improve on their Melissa. Decent host,decent place,host was cool and guests were. I was exhausted and he was really accommodating  Richard accommodated my stay well! Was always available. Awesome! Great host  One of the best hosts ever, one of the worst rooms. For what its worth, I was looking for the cheapest place last minute in Brooklyn, but this place would never cost half this much anywhere besides NYC. The room wasnt nice, there was no sink in the bathroom,there was no WiFi, but it was a decent bed at a lower cost than anything else available. As for Richard, he is an awesome guy and was extremely willing to give us advice on the area and even make a supply trip for us if needed. Couldnt have asked for more from a host. We booked this room on the basis of the previous reviews, and found that they were accurate. While not the most luxurious or central place to stay – in fact, it was quite basic – Richard was indeed a great host. He was reliable and easy to communicate with, and generous with his time and energy. The neighbourhood is different from what some people might want out of a Manhattan-trip, in that it is quite far out (but right next to a subway stop) and less glamorous, but it has a nice relaxed and multicultural vibe to it. While I wouldnt recommend this place to people who are mainly concerned with comfort or luxury, it would heartily recommend this staying with Richard if you want to see different parts of New York, and want a nice host. Overall, we were really quite satisfied with our stay.	0
140	Our stay at Alexs apartment was everything I hoped it would be. Immaculately clean and well appointed, the place became our home and served the needs of four diverse people very well. Alex responded promptly to all our questions and provided great information about where to go and where to eat. Its an interesting neighbourhood and we made good use of its proximity to the museums and Central Park. Alexs place was a perfect fit for my family. It was much bigger than I expected (as a former New Yorker). I love the location, right across from the park and within walking distance of so many bars and restaurants. I loved the espresso machine...I want one! Also, Alex was friendly and responsive. We visit the city often, and hopefully well get a chance to stay again.  Alex is very responsive and happy to give (outstanding) suggestions for local places to eat, and which subway stop to use.  His place is very comfortable and in a great location.  We would stay there again, in a heartbeat!  We were delighted that the 4 of us could gather together in the living room--in such spacious comfort in New York! We had a really fabulous experience at Alexs apartment! The location is perfect for anyone wanting to explore the city! Right across is the Carl Shurz park where we spent a few lazy evenings. Lots of shops and restaurants within walking distance. Alex was a great host and very communicative! The apartment was great for our family, very cozy and relaxing.  Would stay again and would recommend!     Thanks for a great stay, Alex!! Fantastic place to stay. Very bright, clean, comfortable, and Alex is great with communication. We hope to stay here again and highly recommend it.	1
141	Agnes was very good host, quickly responding to my questions. Apartment is exactly how is presented on the pictures.   Pros:   The apartment itself was clean and was equipped with everything that I needed for our stay; TV with Netflix, Internet and a small kitchen. Clean sheets & towels where also provided. The location is very convenient; it is quiet and safe. Good grocery stores near by if you what to do some cooking. No nightlife near but very well connected by bus or underground.  Cons:   The apartment is small so you have to keep a window or use the air conditioning at night in order to stay cool.  I would stay here again if I returned to New York. Thanks for everything Agnes.   El estudio está bien situado, en un barrio tranquilo pero cerca del metro con buena conexión a todo Manhattan y cerca de supermercados, tiendas y restaurantes. A 10 minutos andando a Central Park y Museo Gugenheim. Es pequeño, máximo para una pareja pero está muy bien equipado y limpio, sólo eché de menos una mesita para poder desayunar. Tiene wifi y televisión con algún canal en Español. También tiene buen sistema de calefacción.  Agnes es muy atenta y amable y me ayudó dándome información sobre la ciudad y preocupándose de que todo iría bien. Recomiendo el estudio sin ninguna duda. The host canceled this reservation 12 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Agnes is amazing host, she was very responsive, kind and easy to communicate with. She made sure our stay was pleasent. Her place is located near restaurants and supermarkets, 7mins walk to subway station, there is lot of shops, delis and fast food places around too and the area is very nice and safe. Actual appartment was everything we needed for our short stay. Its very tiny but very cozy. We enjoyed our stay very much. Thank you Agnes. Logement assez exigu situé au rez de chaussée. Du coup, très bruyant : passants sur le trottoir, camions dans la rue, portes dentrée de limmeuble, couloirs et surtout lappartement au-dessus (parquet qui résonne, lames de parquet qui craquent et couinent). En résumé, appartement non isolé. Appartement surchauffé (pas de réglage possible, car collectif). Absences surprenantes : pas de table, pas de chaise. Repas pris assis sur le divan, assiette sur les genoux. Descriptif très perfectible, contrairement à ce qui était écrit dans lannonce: pas de sèche cheveux, aucun cintre disponible, placards pleins à craquer, donc aucune place pour nos vêtements qui sont restés dans les valises tout le séjour. Pas de lave linge et de sèche linge propres dans lappartement. Par contre, il y en a au sous-sol, mais payants. Four ne fonctionnant pas. Sil y a bien un fer à repasser, par contre aucune table. La loueuse nest pas venue au check out pour au moins récupérer les clés et contrôler létat du logement. We love Agnes place. It is a cozy studioflat. It is very well located, just some blocks from Central Park; warm and clean. Just perfect for a couple. Agnes is lovely, kind and very helpful. She always answer the questions and is very friendly so you feel confidence. Thanks a lot. We had a lovely time. Hope we can stay in any other opportunity.  Cata and Ale	0
142	"Amazing location! Foodspots super close, awesome coffee shops, and literally steps from the train.   Rhea was fantastic and friendly in all communications and the apartment was as my wife put it "" a pintrest dream"" wonderful location, host, and apartment. If you are in the area, you re dumb not to bookit. Rhea was a very nice and accommodating host. Her place was clean, close to the subway and we had a comfortable stay.  Loved staying with Rhea! It was a very comfortable apartment in a great location in Brooklyn. Sisters bar across the street was great. Very easy access to public transit and city bike. All around a great experience.  Love Rheas studio. It was exactly as described. We loved our stay! Rhea installed AC for us. She was very considerate and responsive. The apartment is beautiful and has natural light. A lot of nice & fun restaurants. The neighbors are friendly. 30 mins to mid-Manhattan by train C. Everything was wonderful. Rhea is amazing host! Whenever I had questions, she was there to help and quick to answer my texts. The apartment is tidy, bed is comfy and location is perfect. All in all a great stay. Thnx Rhea :) Rhea was great, and the place was adorable and very comfortable! Air conditioning was very effective and a great reprieve from the oppressive heat outside. Rhea was very easy to get in touch with, and had a friend in the area who offered to help when they could as well.     Had a few issues with the building itself while we were staying, but thats largely to be expected with older construction, and her landlord was pretty responsive when we were able to get in touch with him. All in all, didnt detract too much from the overall experience, and it doesnt seem that other reviewers have had any issues.  Rhea was wonderful at accommodating my not yet solidified business travel. Key retrieval was easy enough (bonus points that the person handing off the keys was gorgeous).     I imagine this is my lack of New Yorkness (though Im no stranger to living in big cities), but it took me a while to figure out how to get in the front door. I also lugged my bags up four flights of stairs because it seemed the elevator didnt work. It works, everyone. Its just slow to warm. I got a workout. No big deal. I do, however, find a house manual mightve been helpful for staying here (hope I didnt miss it!) - how do I get in the door, where are the lights, what should I do with the garbage, where can I find more toilet paper?    Since Rhea lives here, I found all the kitchen items I needed for making tea and cooking. There was plenty of space to spread out (I dont like to put things away like some folks do when traveling) and I found the place adorable, comfortable and homey, just like I like it. The until it blew, the bed side lamp was a nice touch for reading in bed!    The 24 hour market around the corner had everything for quick items or fresh juice, which was lovely. The entire area was walkable (I only ate once in the immediate area at Emilys, which was delicious. Try the burger but split it with a group as an appetizer. Its good, but not THAT good!), it was perfect having the subway so close (I didnt take one taxi to get around), and it was diverse and neighborhoody. I had even planned to buy myself flowers and found some already on the table (probably werent for me, but they were nice).     Now the PSAs: I found no microwave, which for some... And this place gets warm, even with the fan and window unit. I like my AC at 62 every night even in winter so take that for what its worth. I was able to sleep well enough, but I was definitely warm.     Second, if you are a light sleeper, bring earplugs and/or an eye mask. Its not a raucous place by far. But it is a city apartment where its normal to be intimate with your neighbors at some level. I slept with soundscapes or earplugs and was not too disturbed during sleep or in the morning. I found a cover tent helped with the light.    Theres a noshoesinside policy. As a fellow inside non-shoer, I urge this to be respected. For the primpers, though, that means no checking out your outfit with your shoes. Just so you know.     Overall, just what I needed for my first trip to NY. I would stay here again for sure! "	1
143	We had a good time in New York City and Jerrys place had a great location and convenience The price was too high compared to the place and the status I found it at my arrival. Apartment keys are not collected at the apartment address but at a 10 minutes walk in a 24h shop. This could be a problem if you have with you heavy luggage. I would have appreciated a cleaner environment as well as sheets and towels. This was just the right place to stay. The location waw convenient for walking , mass transit and near attractions. The apartment was very clean and really cozy and comfortable. Close to public transport and some nice pubs. The pizza place next door was also very convenient at midnight. Fantastic local rm It is a small, cute, well decorated airbnb. However, there are some problems that need to be sorted in terms of the working of the apartment	0
144	The flat is very comfortable, clean, silent, and perfectly suitable for a couple. The flat is composed of a huge living room, a very large bedroom as well as - ostensibly (as we did not have the chance to use it) a fully equipped kitchen. Jean-Philippe is a very kind and available host: he provided us with towels, sheets and a full set of skin and hair care products. Check-in and check-out procedure went smoothly thanks to the procedure Jean-Philippe implemented. The above and the location of the flat, a couple of minutes  walking distance from Central Park and the 110th metro stop makes the flat a perfect choice for a stay (even long) in NYC. Thanks Jean-Philippe! Great location. Near the park and subway access close by. The neighborhood has lots restaurants to try. Great for anyone traveling alone or a couple wanting to get out and explore the city.  the apartment is not worthy living. the bedroom we slept on is not really a bed. there was a mattress put on bricks and wood sticks. it was hard to sleep on. there was no couch at the living room and there was no Basic TV service. i am not talking about cable TV. it is amberassing. L appart de JP est super bien situé les lignes 2,3,B et C sont desservies. A unz station de Times square 42nd. Appartement sommaire en termes d équipements et de confort mais on a quand meme passé un super sejour avec des voisins hyper sympas et une ambiance ttes chaleureuse dans le jardin des enfants!! appartamento semplice ma essenziale. Pulito e ordinato. Host molto gentile e disponibile. Ottimi collegamenti con i mezzi pubblici per andare dovunque a Manhattan	0
145	"Tom was a great host. He was communicative, quick to reply, helpful, reliable and flexible. Hes also a genuinely interesting and cool guy. Had the privilege to get to know him a bit.     The room was perfect. It was actually a tad better than described. There was hardly any noise either. None from the apartment, and only very little from the street. I was surprised about the latter. New York is a busy city, and this apartment had the least amount of noise coming from the street out of the different apartments Ive seen so far. Its not going to be like at a remote cottage, but its quite serene by New York standards.    The apartment in general has 5 bedrooms, a big kitchen and 3 bathrooms. All these rooms are clean and modern, and I never had to wait my turn. Tom has great house rules that all guests appreciate.    The location was one of my favorite things about the apartment. Subway, gym, restaurants and a grocery store are a couple of blocks away. If you like healthy food, I was positively surprised to find that theres a Westside Market a block away. Didnt even need to navigate my way to the closest Whole Foods.     Definitely going back when back in NYC.  The hosts were extremely welcome and friendly. They went out of their way to really make my stay accomodating, making sure I had everything I needed, and would check in often. All the amenities were provided well, the space was quite comfortable and spacious, and ample facilities available. Would definitely stay again! The stay went extremely smoothly - Tom and his associates gave us a very detailed briefing and made sure that any of our questions were answered. We found the room comfortable, clean, and an accurate match to the listing. The number of bathrooms were no issue at all even though it seems like the place was fully occupied during our stay. There is also a well equipped kitchen, which is convenient for both cooking and reheating leftovers/take-out. The neighbourhood is fun and convenient (lots of restaurants, and close to the subway). Overall a very pleasant experience, and I would highly recommend this place. It was a very clean and quiet apartment with very easy access to transport and stores. Ann was very accessible and friendly and assisted in anything I needed in a rapid and efficient manner. Great place. Great location and although the room is small, everything is tidy. Plenty of bathrooms, clean kitchen. It really is the perfect place to stay when visiting NYC. 24/7 supermarket just 1 block away and this store has everything you need, and then some. Very good location close to West and East Villages and Soho and public transport. The room and the communal space are clean and tidy. Each room has its own key as well as two additional keys to enter the building and access the flat which makes it super safe. I never met Tom but he always responded immediately when I had enquiries and Ann and Yuki, who live there, were very friendly and helpful. I also made good use of the washing machines and driers. I would definitely consider staying there again next time Im in NYC.  在6号线Astor pl下比较近,离Union Square比较近,周边餐厅和超市多,唯一的缺点就是临街房间太吵,睡眠质量不好! Me and my friend stayed for a week and it was great. Even though the room is small, the apartment itself was very big and clean. Also the washing machine was a perfect haha. I do have to mention that when you enter, you have to sign a contract to make sure you dont ruin the place - and there was a section describing that if you lose the keys you have to pay 100$  or if you lock yourself outside the room you have to pay 30$...honestly that seemed like a way to make more money... But overall the place was great, and our host, Ann, was very nice. Thanks :) I very much like a location of Toms place. To be in walking distance from Union Square was great. Room was small charming and very clean. The whole place is renovated, nicely organized and clean.  Toms communication skills are excellent, and  Ana who was there when I arrived and left was lovely. I would return to Toms place and highly recommend it to travelers who look for clean place with excellent Manhattan location. Llegamos y nos pusimos en contacto con Ann, nos indico reglas para la convivencia y nos mostro el funcionamiento de todo.  La disponibilidad de los servicios, tanto de la cocina, lavadora y secarropas, fue excelente asi como de la WiFi. La limpieza de los baños era buena y del resto de los lugares en comun tambien.  La ubicacion del departamento es buena, cerca de Astor Pl. y Union Sq, y hay varios bares y supermercados cerca.  Los espacios comunes se pueden usar sin problema aunque a la noche resulta complicado, ya que se nos ha llamado la atencion por estar hablando mientras comiamos.  Despues de algunos dias de estar hospedados, nosotros guardabamos unas galletitas en la habitacion y aparecieron los paquetes rotos y a las galletitas le fataban un pedazo donde el envoltorio estaba roto, al principio creimos que el paquete habia venido mal del supermercado asique tiramos el primero, pero del segundo encontramos migas de galletitas y pedacitos del envoltorio arriba el escritorio, por lo que avisamos a Ann, y puso cinta en una abertura y una trampa de ratas, ademas de decirnos que evitemos las galletitas en la habitacion.  No fue una solucion satisfactoria ya que siguieron apareciendo paquetes rotos de cosas que habiamos comprado para llevar de vuelta a nuestro pais. En ningun momento nos ofrecieron cambiar la habitacion ni nada mas que la solucion que explique antes.  Por desgracia nunca conocimos a Tom, solo a Ann y a su padre.       This Host and this place is so nice.  Replying for message is so quickly and politeness.  and also hostel place is very convenient place.  of course, room is very clean, restroom and shower room is also very useful.  I recommend this place. Super place, no complaints at all! Highly recommend this place for all purposes. Great bathroom, kitchen, room, WIFI and close to Union Square and plenty of restaurants, bars and pubs to check out as well as grocery and markets. Best value in Manhattan! nice It is a great place to stay. Great location and great service. My stay was approximately 4 nights, solo female traveller. Ann checked me in, I signed a form during check-in acknowledging the house rules. The place is big, 5 bedrooms, 4 bathrooms. Every room was occupied during my stay. Given a full house, it was oddly very quiet, so that was nice. The room is simple, a desk, chair, extra blanket and bed. They provide a little basket to carry toiletries to and from the bathroom, along with a hand and body towel. Body and hair wash were in the showers, hair dryer under the sink. The sheets were warm, pillows are fluffy. I had street view so it was a little noisy, but thats city life! I felt safe being here, I appreciate the rule of not allowing other non-guests in the home without prior arrangements. Washer and dryer available with a time frame, suds are provided. The place was clean, a little bare with decor.. but if youre planning to spend your adventure outside of the home, then it shouldnt matter. Wifi was easy to access and keys were provided for building, apartment, and bedroom. I would recommend this place if youre visiting New York! Public transit was very close and is in a nice area. Grocery, restaurants, and shops were all nearby. Enjoy!  This was a great and clean apartment with 4 bedrooms and 3 baths, so you get your own room and share bathrooms but there was always a bathroom open. The location was awesome, very Central and a short walk to union square with a great grocery store a block away. Its a little noisy street side but the apartment itself is quiet and very clean. I can now understand the high cleaning fee. The hostess was very friendly and helpful. Overall a great stay but not really the coziest place which lacks any decor.  Description is quite accurate. The appartement is very clean and functional. Tom has been absolutely top in communicating and giving advice. The bedroom window faces 3rd Ave, which is rather a noisy street. If you are noise-sensitive, you might need to ask for another bedroom in this appartement. Manuela I would stay there again.  Nous avons passé un excellent séjour I enjoyed Toms place for a couple reasons. The rules before arrival and during the stay, although initially daunting, provided a better level of security for those who dont visit a larger city often. I also enjoyed that it was in the heart of Manhattan. The apartment was stale and uninviting, but hey, we werent there to be in the apartment in the first place. I would stay there again. Clean and spacious. Everything you could need and much more. Very accessible to several subway lines. It was a great place for my 5 day trip with my husband, but it has plenty of amenities to stay for a much longer trip. What a great area of NYC, so many shops, restaurants, bars, farmers market, music, etc. I would stay again! Great location, thorough check-in, clean, safe. Only complaint was being street side and it was LOUD. I wish I could have chosen a different room on the backside, but I didnt know the layout. Check in and out time is very strict. They dont store luggages (I had to find place to put my bags before check in). However, the room was so clean and tidy. Great location to travel. The Apart of Tom was super clean, very convenient and practical, ideally situated close to public transportation, nightlife, restaurants, and also quite central to visit NY. Beds were very comfortable and clean as well as bathrooms. The only issue was the noise at night as the apartment faces a quite busy avenue, and the noise is to be expected in NY but unfortunately the poor integration of the AC window type unit does not grant any noise insulation at all. The ratio quality price remains however good, and communication has always been swift, precise and easy. Es un lugar limpio y muy bien ubicado Super close to Founders Hall NYU. Great location for whatever you are looking for whether it be tourist attractions, night life, or even churches. Tom is a great host & The room is comfortable, location is great, and the overall experience was great. Only thing to keep in mind that this is more like a hostel rather than a normal airbnb apartment, which surprised me (I might have not read the description carefully though).  Great value, and would definitely stay there again. Die Wohnung ist wie beschrieben. Sehr gut gelegen und dadurch eine klare Empfehlung für jeden, der ein paar schöne Tage in New York verbringen möchte. Da es sehr klein ist eher an die gerichtet, die nur zum schlafen in die Unterkunft gehen. Fantastic location. A wide variety of restaurants on our door step and a very short walk to public transport. Our room was street side and it was quite loud. However we needed the AC on because of how hot it was so that helped. The whole place was very clean. Tom and Ann were helpful and happy to talk. DO NOT STAY HERE. VERY DECEPTIVE  First of all Tom is an older Asian guy, not the young Caucasian guy in the photo...which is just weird that he would posts someone elses photo  Second this guy harassed me 3 times within a week of my booking demanding my flight schedule(a month before the stay without me even having a flight booked yet).   Third when I arrived to the house he surprises you with a contract that says you will be kicked out if you accidentally leave the ac running   Fourth of all THIS IS A HOSTEL. THERE ARE 6 OTHER ROOMS WITH RANDOM PEOPLE COMING and going   Fifth, my girlfriend was coming to meet me in NYC for one night and tom made me pay for two nights because she wouldnt leave at 10 am(even though I had the place booked for 3 full more days)  He is the most condescending person I have encountered in my over 100 Airbnb experiences...loves to use the ""this is not a hotel"" argument when it favors him yet uses the ""at a hotel you would have to do this"" also when it favors him  This guy is a tool bag sponsored by Home Depot. Look at his reviews... anyone who attempts to offer any constructive criticism him gets his rude wrath upon them...cant wait to see what he writes here.   . Excellent location in East village, cannot get better. Good value for the room too. Had all the basics, bathrooms are shared, but since there are several of them on that floor, we did not really have any issues clashing with other people Tom and Saki were very helpful. The rooms are very clean!!! Sometimes the room A is a bit noisy. But i would it be recommend devinitly! East village is great!!! Attention: the house is between 10th and 11th street on 3rd Avenue. HouseNo 56! Its important for the cab! El departamento está perfectamente bien ubicado sobre avenida transitada e iluminada. El metro está muy cerca y hay varios negocios de comida y farmacias para cualquier necesidad.   Tom y su socia Ann estuvieron al pendiente de darnos información antes y durante nuestra estancia.   El departamento se encuentra muy limpio con todo lo necesario, los demás huéspedes muy respetuosos, aunque cada quien en su habitación, sin hacer ruido, lo cual se agradece y es algo que cuidan mucho.   Sin duda regresaría y me alojaría nuevamente ahí. Its a nice place Place Was exactly as shown in the pictures. Clean, quiet, very good location. I would stay there again! H Guys dont hesitate booking this place, the place  is well located and have  a lot of restaurants around  besides you have subway stations 5 mins walking! This place was right in the middle of all the Japanese and French restaurants my friends and I wanted to try out. The subway entrances for the yellow and green lines were fairly close. To get to Time Square by walking and subway took about 20-25 minutes and same going to the Financial District. We came for the New Years celebration; despite the extremely cold weather, the place was kept warm and comfortable."	1
146	Joseph was a friendly and welcoming host and we were grateful he was happy to accommodate an earlier entry. The apartment was just perfect for our stay with two children. It was spotlessly clean, surprisingly large and in a great location right near Columbus Circle and Central Park. We will definitely stay here for our next trip to NYC.  Joseph, fue muy amable. El departamento es cómodo. El único detalle es que el departamento es para 4/5 personas y no hay una mesa con sillas, sólo un desayunador con sólo dos banquetas altas. La ubicación es muy buena. Gracias por todo ! The location of the apartment was very convenient, very comfortable apartment...everything was good Positive  experience. Joseph was more than accommodating to our arrival requests. Apartment location was perfect.  Joseph is really really nice about everything. We came late at night, left stuff in the room in the end, and had packaged delivered here, but he had been super helpful. The rooms are clean. Great stay at Josephs place, great location. Close to columbus circle and time square. Joseph is a great host, definaly will stay there again if we go back  We had a great experoence thanks to Josephs place. It is only a couple blocks from Columbus circle, the subway, and Lincoln Center. Grocery, 24 hour good diner, CVS all at end of the block, plus Maison Kayser bakery and many eateries nearby. Very comfortable layout and most basics. We ate breakfasts in the cozy dining area. Would suggest turning the heat down in the winter (we cracked windows open), having extra TP on hand, a couple of wash cloths in the bathroom. The smaller bedroom mattress needs to be turned as it dips on outer half. Would recommend to others! Joseph and Hector are perfect hosts!  The guest room in their immaculate, beautiful apartment is warm and super comfy. The location is perfect, around the corner from Columbus Circle, and convenient to everything one might need.  Hi Joe,  Again thanks for everything - I really enjoyed to stay at your place. Thanks for the advises and tips - very usefull. As said will for sure try to come back on my next business trip to NY.  Next time will try to smuggle in one of my bottles of wine so we can share . Ciao We enjoyed our stay at Joseph and Hectors apt. The location is just great! The apt was clean and neat. They were both friendly and very accommodating regarding a late arrival and a late departure! We would absolutely recommend this Airbnb! Joseph and Hector were wonderful hosts. The apartment was cute, clean, and convenient to get to from many subway lines. I would definitely recommend staying at their apartment! The apartment was tidy and cozy with great location: Walking distance to central park, Time Square, 5th Ave, etc. Great restaurants around as well. The hosts Joseph and Hector were welcoming. My colleague and  I had a wonderful experience staying. Definitely recommended if plan to hang around Midtown area. I spent three nights with my wife in the Joseph and Hector apartment  and it was a great experiences. They are very nice and respectful, and also they were very helpful with our early arrival. The apartment is small but very tidy and neat, and the location is great! We definitely recommend stay there with these excellent hosts! Good location, and apartment description as described. Didnt meet Joseph, only Hector. Was the perfect host, informative and helpful. Had us feel at home, what more do you want. Thank Hector from Ros and Tony. Would stay again if in New York. It was a great stay at Hectors and Josephs place. They are very nice hosts who support you with everything needed. We got great tipps where to go to have dinner, and which bars a worth a trip.   The appartment is really close to the central park and within a 5 minutes walk you reach the subway.  The only part we were having a little trouble with was the noise of the air conditioning from the appartment below and the street outside was under construction as well - thus it was pretty loud.   But all in all we were very happy to stay at their place and felt very welcome.   Thanks again! :) Joseph and Hector were fantastic hosts! They were so accommodating in every way: the apartment was clean and tidy, they allowed us to check in early, and we had great conversations. They gave us helpful tips about entertainment and travel options. This was a completely enjoyable experience. Both were great hosts. We felt very comfortable. The location of the apartment is very central. We could all our goals always arrive by walking.  In summary we can recommend this apartment absolutely.  Greetings Mona & Sebastianu Hector was a great host, didnt have the chance to meet Joseph but our stay was perfect. The apartment is in such a great location walking distance to Central Park and about a 15 minute walk to Times Square. Subway was 5 minutes away which pretty much takes you anywhere and there was a planet fitness just 3 blocks down which was great! The bed was really comfortable and it never felt awkward was a very homey feeling. Hector was always available for any questions and very helpful with arrival. Would definitely stay there again and recommend hectors apartment to anyone traveling to New York.  From the first contact it was really great communicating with Joseph & Hector - they responded very quickly and were very friendly in all of our communication. While we were their guests they gave us a lot of information about things going on in their neighbourhood as well in New York.   Room and apartment are just as they appear on pictures - very modern, clean and comfortable. It is situated in nice neighbourhood with lot of restaurants and bars near by. There is 7 minute walk to Columbus Circle metro station which is also at the SW corner of Central Park.  My recommendation for hosts and apartment! Joseph and Hectors apartment is in an excellant location. They are both friendly and they made me feel welcome. I would stay their again if I can. We had a great stay at Josephs and Hectors place. The upfront communication was easy and precise. Both were very welcoming and friendly hosts and provided us with anything we needed. The private bed room was pretty tiny, but extremely comfortable. The apartment itself furthermore is very clean and tidy and perfectly located: Within 5 walking minutes you are at the Columbus circle from where you can reach almost all important touristic locations of NYC.   We highly recommend to stay at their place! We enjoyed our stay at Hectors & josephs apartment. We appreciated the willingness to store our luggage because of our morning / evening flights. Both are very uncomplicated and open for discussions. Many thanks that you made our stay so uncomplicated. a very Nice place to stay with some really cool guys! Joseph and Hector were both very welcoming. The apartment is in a great location, and is a two bedroom (one of which was mine for the length of my stay), with a shared bathroom. The bedroom had a bed, nightstand and its own little a/c which kept it at god temperature in the heat.    Good communication with hosts, and location was awesome (one block to Columbus Cir). I was traveling by myself, and this worked quite well. Desde o primeiro momento foram super solícitos. Nos deixaram muito à vontade. Batemos papo sobre a região. Nos deram muitas dicas. Apesar da casa estar sendo compartilhada foi plenamente possível mantermos nossa privacidade. Em momento algum existiu a sensação de incômodo pela presença deles. Muito pelo contrário. Foi um grande prazer em todos os momentos. São pessoas muito amáveis e de fácil lidar. Buscam resolver imprevistos da melhor forma possível e o mais rápido dentro das possibilidades. Recomendo fortemente essa experiência. A localização é excelente para otimizar o deslocamento entre os pontos da cidade. Nos arredores existem muitas coisas para fazer e para dar suporte as necessidades. Muito tranquilo.  Hector y Joseph fueron tremendamente amables durante nuestra estancia. Siempre estaban dispuestos a echarnos una mano con lo que nos hiciera falta, desde direcciones a recomendaciones, etc.  La localización es genial, al lado de Columbus, con lo que estás en el centro de Manhattan y desde ahí es muy fácil desplazarse a cualquier sitio. We had a truly wonderful stay! We felt very welcomed when we arrived. The bed was extremely comfortable. The tv and AC in room was fantastic. The location was a 10/10, close to attractions, subway stops and in a nice neighbourhood. Joseph and Hector were great and extremely helpful. Theres honestly not a negative thing we could say, highly recommend!  I cant recommend this place enough! Super convenient location; just minutes away from the subway. Area is quiet and safe (even at 4 AM!). The apartment itself is clean and well-kept. The private bedroom faces a courtyard, so you cant hear anything from the streets below. The bed is extremely comfortable and we had trouble getting out of bed in the mornings because of it. Our flight ended up being delayed for a couple hours in the middle of the night and Joseph and Hector were extremely accommodating. They are excellent hosts and really friendly as well! You will definitely not regret staying here :) A pesar de estar muy pocis  dias en New Yirk ,nuestra estancia fur muy agradable.  El lugar muy bien ubicado,no podria ser mejor,la ,la habitacion aunque pequeña , muy limpia,buena cama,tenia todo lo necesario para  un buen descanso.,  No tengo palabras para describur a nuestro excelente anfitrion  Hector  Nos hizo sentir como en casa ,en confianza y siempre dispuesto a auxiliarnos en nuestras peticiones  Especialmente  quiero  agradecerle su generosidad  y ayuda que nos brindo  con  el percance que . tuvo mi esposo,  De no ser por el,no hubiera. sido  posible realizar un crucero que teniamos. reservado.  Mil gracias mi querido Hector   Llegamos mas tarde de lo previsto  y muy solicito nos ayudo a subir nuestro   equipaje .  Lo recomiendo ampliamente.sin lugar a dudas .  Joseph andaba de vacaciones y no tuve el gusto  de conocerlo.             Die Unterkunft befindet sich südlich vom Central Park. Der Times Square war fußläufig gut zu erreichen. Eine Metro Station war sonst auch nur knapp 10 Gehminuten entfernt. Die Unterkunft war sehr sauber und die beiden waren sehr freundlich. Hat alles super geklappt. Das Zimmer war leider etwas klein, aber für die Zeit war das in Ordnung. Das Badezimmer haben wir uns geteilt, war aber kein Problem. WLAN war auch in Ordnung.  Joseph and Hector were very welcoming and their place is just perfectly located if you want to visit NY !     Many thanks guys !  Couldnt have asked for a better location for exploring from Central Park to Times Square and the Theater district. Everything was in easy walking distance. Very close to the subway which made it east to get anywhere in New York. Clean, Quiet, Safe and certainly a place we would stay at again. Joseph and Hector were wonderful hosts and very knowledgeable offing advice on getting around the city. Highly Recommended! Joseph and Hector were fantastic hosts.  They made us feel at home the moment we arrived!  Their place is a small, cozy, clean downtown apartment.  There is room at the end of the bed to keep your luggage and they also offered space in the hall closet to hang up clothes and coats.  There is an air conditioner in the bed room if you are too hot.  There is also a TV in the bed room. The apartment is a short walk to the subway, grocery store, Central Park and restaurants.  It is only 1 subway stop to many great sites such as Time Square, Broadway and the Rockefeller Center area...you can also walk to these locations.  We really enjoyed our evening conversations with Hector and all of the great dining and site seeing recommendations he provided.  We would definitely recommend this location to all of our friends. Joseph und Hector waren sehr freundliche, aufmerksame Gastgeber. Die Lage des Appartments nahe des Central Parks und nur wenige Gehminuten von der Subway entfernt ist ideal, um Manhattan zu erkunden. Die Wohung war sehr sauber und aufgeräumt, die gemeinsame Benutzung des Badezimmers stellte kein Problem dar.  Das Schlafzimmer, nach hinten raus und demzufolge ruhig gelegen, ist etwas klein, allerdings völlig ausreichend, um die Nacht darin zu verbringen. Wir können das Appartment von Joseph und Hector uneingeschränkt weiterempfehlen.  Joseph & Hector were very kind and friendly. The place is not very wide, but the location is amazing, perfect to explore Manhattan. I really recommend.   Hector and Joseph are great hosts. The place is at the perfect location. There are a lot of of amazing restaurants nearby as well. Their apartment is very cozy and clean. And both of them are really easy to communicate with as well. Didnt see Joseph too much during this trip. However, Hector is doing a lot of amazing things for kids with special needs as a teacher. Strongly recommend this place to stay!  Thank you Joseph and Hector for amazing stay at New York. The place was in a convenient place and my friend I enjoyed staying there. Most of the times my friend and I started off the day with subway ride to places such as Times Square or Broadway and walked back to the place. I really recommend Joseph and Hectors place if you want a good tour of Manhattan! Great location! Joseph and Hector are very welcoming and accomidating. This is a great stay for a short term visit. The room is small but they make space in the closet for you. The bed is very comfortable, the place is nicely kept, the hosts are easy to get along with, and its a good and safe location in walking distance to Central Park.  Joseph and Hectors apartment is exactly what you need for a NYC break. Its ideally located, its clean and the hosts are ever so kind.  Location is good and quiet. Hector was nice and friendly, and the apartment is clean and neat.  The flat has a great location and places like Times Square are within walking distance. The hosts were very friendly and helpful. The room is not big but clean.  Joseph & Hector are definitely such great hosts! They were so kind, correct and attentive with us during our stay.  The apartment is great. Just what we needed. Good subway connection, well located and quite calm.   I would recommend it to couples or closed friends :)  Everything very nice , Joseph made us feel like we were in our own home  The ubication is the best. Just 1 block from Colombus Circle. Everything OK! The bed is very comfortable, they provide us with coffee. There is a CVS and a market very close. Central park is very close ans time square is in a walkable distance. I should go back, not any doubt! Joseph and Hector are excellent hosts. Thank you Joseph  & Hector. Joseph & Hector were both very friendly and easy to talk to, they are responsive and make you feel welcome with every interaction. I loved how close it was to every where I needed to be and wanted to go. I could smell the cleanliness of the sheets which is a big deal for me. It met all my expectations. Los anfitriones son 2 jóvenes muy cálidos. La ubicación del departamento es excelente está cerca de todo. A 400 metros del MET y a 150 del columbus circle. Muy bien ubicado. La habitación es algo pequeña pero si uno está poco tiempo en la casa está bien. Vale para estar cómodo a lo sumo 2 personas. El resto todo bien. Lo recomiendo. Muy buena ubicacion This apartment is ideally located if you are attending events at Lincoln Center or Carnegie Hall.  Its also a close walk to the shops and metro at Columbus Circle and therefore Central Park.  Its small apartment and room, but the hosts are friendly and share the space.  You have full use of the kitchen including some space in the fridge.  And Netflix is available on the TV in the bedroom if you have an account.  I would definitely return. Central location close to everything! Good host that was easy to communicate with! This place was great! Joseph and Hector were great hosts and were easy to get a hold of. Everything was very clean and their place was in such a great location, close to everything. Next time I come to New York Ill definitely look into staying here again!  Fantastic hosts and location! I knew it would never great based on other reviews and it was! Nice clean place, great location and Hector and Joseph are fantastic hosts!  Joseph et Hector sont des hôtes parfait. Très discret et avenant. Leurs appartements est très bien situé. Proche de tout a pied en peut de temps et une bouche de métro a 2 minutes. Je recommande vivement ce logement et ses hôtes.   Joseph and Hector were friendly hosts. Their place was nice and the location was good. Más que recomendable, excelete ubicación.  Nos hicieron sentir como en casa,  muy limpio,  cómodo y accesible.  Una comunicación fluía y Hector siempre atento a responder  nuestras y inquietudes.  Pasamos una excelente estadía.  Gracias  chicos!  Carolina  The apartment looks as described by the owners. Location is great. Joseph and Hector were very kind and helpful. I felt really comfortable and had an excellent time. Joseph & Hector are amazing hosts! The apartment is great, at an excellent  location, we had a wonderful stay and hope we can go back! The flat is very close to some of the most important attractions in NYC and to the subway! The room is pretty small but good for a short stay! Joseph and Hector are really friendly and helpful. They deserve an A+  Easy Communication and everything as promised. Nice diner on corner with great breakfast. Milý a příjemný hostitel Joseph and Hector are fantastic hosts. They allowed me to drop my bags off early which was fantastic. They are really friendly and welcoming. The apartment is perfectly located for a trip to the city, so close to Central Park and Tines Square as well. Great location, both Joseph and Hector very friendly. TV in room great when you just want to chill after walking around all day. My first airbnb stay and I would stay here again. Thanks guys . Lappartement de Joseph et Hector est idéal pour visiter NYC. Vous êtes à 5 minutes de Columbus dou vous pouvez rejoindre nimporte quelles destinations. Joseph et Hector sont des hôtes attentionnés et seront répondre à vos questions pour vous aider à profiter un maximum de votre séjour. Joseph and Hector were friendly hosts. The guest bedroom is cosy, with a comfortable QS bed. The bathroom is shared with the hosts, but they worked their use of it around our needs. Excellent location, 10 minute walk to public transport and a short walk to Central Park. Their recommendation for a good bagel eatery was excellent. Great location, great host and great stay! Great hosts! Super helpful! It almost felt like my husband and I lived there, because it was always so quiet! Would definitely stay, again! Thank you for all the help! This was a perfect place to stay in Manhattan!! Joseph and Hector were gracious host...would totally stay here again in a heartbeat! It was in a great location a couple of blocks away from Central Park, great places to eat, and Columbus Circle with easy subway access there.  Which made it so easy to get all around NYC. A bit of advice if you are using the subway buy an unlimited Metro Card for $30 + plus a couple $ for service fee (its good for 7 days worth it even if for a couple of days) Best decision we made it allowed us to explore all areas of New York! Joseph and Hector have an amazing apartment, right by Columbus Circle. It is close to the subway, Central Park, Times Square and much more. Such a perfect  location.  The apartment is clean, the hosts are friendly and kind, and I enjoyed their company. The bed was comfortable, I slept like a rock!  I came for the NYC Marathon, and this was close to the finish line, and central to plenty of restaurants for post race meals.  Loved my stay, would not hesitate to come back in a heartbeat! Une superbe adresse située à deux pas de Centrale Parc et de la station de metro Columbus circle qui est bien desservi. Hector and Joseph sont des personnes gentilles et très sociables. Nhésitez pas à leur poser des questions, ils seront réactifs. Ils mettent à disposition une chambre avec un lit double, et vous aurez accès a un petit dressing. Vous partagerez la salle de bain qui a toujours été propre pendant notre séjour. This is a good quiet place in a great location. Hosts were very responsive. I would recommend it to others. Great guys.  Would definitely stay with Hector and Joseph again when travelling to NYC.  Just around the corner from Central Park and within walking distance from time square (if you’re modestly ambitious).  They’re great guys too - my wife and I enjoyed their company.   Highly recommend Todo muy recomendable Joseph and Hectors place was great. Just as advertised. Very central. And nice and warm during a wild NYC winter. Very friendly hosts, perfectly central located (few minutes walk to subway), small room with a cosy and comfortable bed, kitchen got all you need, overall a clean plus smooth appartment. Great location and apartment!  Not noisy (except for street noises), easily controlled temperature in the bedroom.  Joseph and Hector were great hosts!  This AirBnB was fabulous. The apartment was comfortable and homey. All amenities were accounted for upon arrival. The location was great for walking places in the city. The hosts were responsive and respectful. I will definitely be utilizing this space again! Sweet place, nice location close to Central park Joseph & Hectors place is not very big (the room is very small), but very comfortable and perfectly located. They opened us their door very late at night when we arrived and we felt very good at their place. We could go again without problem. Joseph and Hector are so kind and nice. We (my boyfriend and I) felt at home since we arrived. They gave us many suggestions about places and vegan restaurants to visit. The apartment is so cozy and comfortable, near the central park and the main signs in NY. There is a train station close the apt. We had no problem sharing the apt. The experience was amazing and I hope return ASAP. Thanks guys! Joseph and Hector are kind and thoughtful. They offer to help and answer your questions at all time. Also, they were very flexible for the check-in (early arrival) and check-out (very late flight so they kindly kept our bags all day). Highly recommended hosts! The apartment is beautiful and stylish, very close to NYC’s best spots. Great experience	1
147	"Shannon was a great host for my out of town friends. Very communicative and honest. This was her first booking so she let me know there were a couple of thing she was finishing up and arranged the most convenient time to do so. From my friend: ""very good and beautiful  apartment  with a lot of details. very nice."" The apartment is at very good location,the subway is very closed,we walked in 10mins to get home.the apartment can sleep 5very comfortable,thanks again. The place is great. Well situated and large enough for two adults and three kids. Grocery store and subway is close and the place is clean and well taken care of Shannon was a good host. His place was nice and comfortable and he was great with communication. Would recommend! It was perfect place to stay.  The backyard was great for entertainment.  I would definitely recommend it. The apartment was comfortable for us four. What we liked about it was : the proximity to the metro station (5-10 minutes), the contact with Shannon was very simple, he answered quickly to our mails. Get the keys and giving them back was easy too. (Thank you for buying and bringing the hair dryer immediately.) The little garden is very nice even if we didnt have a lot of time to profit from it.  What would be good would be to put curtains in the bedroom that dont let the light in. The host canceled this reservation 22 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 26 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Shannon was an amazing host! Great communication both before the trip and during our stay. Apartment is exactly as it appears in photos / but honestly there was more space than the impression the photos leave. Very clean, great location - will definitely stay here again! :) Shannon s est rendu très disponible et l appartement est très bien situé. The host was very helpful and willing to go out of his way to make sure I had everything I needed. The neighbours are all very friendly and nice, I was able to get a chance to meet most of them. Neighbourhood is quiet at night and close to the police station. Mcdonalds nearby for late night snacking. Also very close to the post office if you want to receive packages.  Shannons place was great for what we needed: a comfortable place to rest our heads in between catching the sights of the city. The area is perfectly fine and the apartment conveniently located for regular subways to Manhattan and one change away from Williamsburg. We didnt get to meet Shannon but he always responded within minutes, even on initial request, and gave us really useful instructions for accessing the apartment and travelling around. Great value for money (for NYC) would definitely stay again.  I booked the apartment from Shannon at very short notice the day before check in. Shannon was super responsive and confirmed the booking quickly. He responded to any queries really rapidly. The apartment is located about 5 mins from the Subway station and is as described. The street is very quiet and has amble parking. Apartment has two rooms and the living room and anything you might need during your stay. Would def stay here again. The house was nice and the host was very reachable  The place was a great deal. The grocery store that was a 1 minute walk away was a life saver. There was enough space to accomodate 3 adults and 3 children, and still leave the living room area free. Lots of people have already mentioned the easy subway access but it was so nice to have.  The bus was also a 1 minute walk away. But what I loved the most was the really strong sense of local flavor i.e. lots of friendly local passerbys, lots of shops that cater to locals as opposed to tourists. Shannan was a very friendly host. Did whatever he could to make my holiday enjoyable, and reached out on several occasions to make sure things were going well. Si bien nunca conocimos a Shannon siempre estuvo pendiente de que estuvieramos bien. La casa es cómoda y está ubicada cerca del metro, a unos 30 minutos de Manhattan. La zona súper bien, con locales múltiples cerca. El único mal entendido que tuvimos fue que creímos había lavarropas en la casa y no era así, de todas formas a pocas cuadras hay lavadero y por aprox 4 usd se hace un gran lavado. El resto de las instalaciones bien de bien, tal cual las fotos! Pasamos un buen rato y recomendamos el lugar! This place was great! Host was very quick to respond to questions! We did not ask if there was AC in the apartment and it was a very warm week in NYC. Shannon was quick (within minutes) to provide an extra fan.  The apartment is very close to a train so getting into Manhattan was very easy. It was a nice quiet street with ample parking.  Dear Shannon  Thank you for the house and we hope you found everything in order too  Brgds Much below then my expectations.Towels black spotted and wash room smelly.Master bed was crying whenever turn during deep sleep.I think it doesnt worth what I paid for this property. le logement est correctement décrit. le quartier est calme, populaire, bien placé (station Gates à 5 minutes) et facile à trouver, nombreux shops ouverts tard.  bonne surprise : le linge de toilette pour tous.  Shannon a répondu rapidement lorsque nous lavons sollicité en arrivant à laéroport. le système de récupération des clés est très pratique, y compris pour les partager au cours du séjour.  we come to Shannons apartment for travel. It has a good position.We can walk to metro in ten minutes. And the neighborhood is so nice. When go into the apartment, its smelly. The sofa and backyard is dirty. The sofa is so old. El departamento tal cual como se muestra en las fotografías, excelente para 6 personas.. Limpio y en una zona linda, con personas muy agradables. No tuvimos oportunidad de conocer a Shannon, pero estuvo pendiente de nuestras dudas. Podría mejorar la ventilación del departamento, porque estuvimos en fechas muy calurosas y los 2 ventiladores no eran suficientes.  Cute place in a quiet, unpretentious neighborhood. The unit was spacious enough to accommodate 2 adults and 3 kids comfortably.  The host was very quick to respond to any questions that we had. Thanks!  Nice apartment with backyard. Very clean.  I would stay here again if needed. Only negative is there is no AC and it gets hot in the summer.   I couldnt have asked any more from Shannon.  Shannon was lightning fast to respond to my emails(from australia) and did everything he could to accommodate them.  Shannon send texts to me during the stay to check hoe things were going. Die Wohnung war ganz in Ordnung. Toilettenschloss funktionierte nicht, aber Shannon hat sich sofort darum gekümmert. Nachts kann es draußen etwas lauter sein. Aber damit muss man rechnen, wenn man nach New York will. Eine Klimaanlage ist nicht vorhanden, aber Ventilatoren. Es gibt 2 Haltestellen in der Nähe, zu Fuß in ca 5-10 Minuten zu erreichen. um die Ecke gibt es ein Grocery store. Shannon war jeder Zeit erreichbar bei Fragen oder Problemen. Shannons apartment was great! It was very clean and located in a great area. I would definitely recommend it! Shannon was very prompt with answering any questions. We felt very shocked when we arrived, the home was not very clean and looked as if it had been through some hard years. We would not stay in this home again but enjoyed the neighborhood and the convenience of the subway. It was a great stay Nice apartment good value for the money  This place is on a quiet street, five minutes walk from gates avenue station, easy walk and about 30 minutes  to the city.    The apartment is OK,  its spacious for new york, fine if you just want a Base while touring the city. We didnt find it too convenient for Williams burg,  we took taxis, about 20 minutes away, but lots of good bars and restaurants there.  When we arrived,  we had issues with the wrong keys left for us and the WiFi dropped on our second day. Both issues were sorted relatively quickly by the host. The apartment was relatively clean but the towels were awful, really old and smelled! Good value for new york but overpriced for the standard of the accommodation. The host was very fast to respond and the listing is very descriptive with good directions. The apartment seemed lighter and cleaner on the pictures, but happened to be in the basement basically and my sheets seemed not to be clean at all. Overall easy to find, 10 min to J line and 20 min to another subway line. Close to manhattan and good price of you share the rent! Lappartement de Shannon est très bien situé dans un quartier calme et à proximité de la station Gate Avenue. Lappartement est propre et confortable. Le système de récupération des clés très pratique et Shannon a répondu très rapidement à toutes nos questions.  Property was great! Easy street parking, quiet neighborhood, and easy to get around Brooklyn.  The accommodations were great and Shannon was a very attentive host. Back patio was a treat but a little too cold in Nov. to utilize. It was great  Shannons place was perfect. Its in a nice neighborhood, full of brownstones and very quiet. The neighbors are friendly and there is street parking available. Its only a few minutes away from manhattan as well. The home itself was very comfortable and perfect for people who are looking to enjoy the city.  This apartment is really great and well located! Tank you Shannon!! This house is perfect for every one who want to discover New York and want to be in a good place not too expensive. Shannon is very kind. Had a very nice stay. Very comfortable living area and bed.  I would recommend it Very nice place in Brooklyn. Hospitality was good.On time response was given for calls and messages. O apartamento era muito bom. A duas quadras do metrô. Ele condiz com a descrição. A shannon sempre respondia prontamente a qualquer pergunta e sempre fazia de tudo para me ajudar!!! nos chegamos tarde mas foi super fácil de pegar as chaves e o bairro também é muito bom..fica perto de uma delegacia e perto de várias lojas e mercados. Nice place  Close to J train thats takes you to lower manhatten  Quiet street  Endroit pas trop mal situé, à 5 min du métro.  I stayed at Shannons place with three young people from my organization, we were in town for a training. The neighborhood was great and very residential and quiet. We were close to the train and buses and there was a 24hr corner store down the block for any basic needs. There were basic amenities and the apartment served its purpose.   Lappartement est calme, mais mal entretenu et mal équipé. Il ne peut accueillir plus de 4 personnes. À environ 30 mn de Manhattan et 5 mn du métro. Shannon répond rapidement aux sollicitations.  This was my first airbnb experience. We had a couple obstacles to overcome but overall it was a good experience. The place was as stated on the site. It was in a great location (only a couple blocks from the subway) and on a quiet street. There was a mix up between Shannon and the cleaning company so the apartment didnt get cleaned before we came. Shannon quickly resolved this by coming to the apartment and cleaning it himself. Shannon was extremely helpful and quickly responded each time we had a question, which was greatly appreciated. I traveled with 4 women so the bathroom was a tight for getting ready but we utilized the front bedroom since it has a large mirror. Close to everything and nice and comfortable  This house is really clean and neighborhood is quiet, very suitable for families. The location is good to take subway to Manhattan. But if you want to get to upper side, it can be about one hour to take the subway.  Host is kind and fairly quick to get back with you. Unit is a basement level apartment with no A/C. Host provided fans but without good ventilation and hot climate all youre doing is circulating hot air. Exhaust in kitchen not working therefore smoke accumulates and triggers fire alarm, which depending on the time, wakes every body up. Two blocks from train station. Calme, bien adapte à une famille de 5. Communication facile et réactive par sms avec Shannon  Logement pas très propre cependant et pas très bien entretenu  Quartier populaire mais sans problème. Métro à proximité mais compter 45 min pour rejoindre Manhattan  Bien situé, quartier relativement tranquille mais si cest un séjour pendant un week-end, sattendre à des fêtes provenant des voisins qui peut durer pendant une bonne partie de la nuit. Une fête de plusieurs personnes chez un voisin arrière  a duré une partie de la nuit (2 h AM) avec une musique ahurissante et nous a empêché de dormir ce qui fut très désagréable. Ce nest pas un logement pouvant accueillir 6 personnes adultes. Au plus 2 couples.  Shannons house is beautiful and she is an awesome host. She was very responsive and she gives you all the valuable information that you need to have a comfortable stay.  Thank you so much Shannon was super quick to respond to all my questions! He was very helpful, friendly, and accommodating for my familys trip to New York City. Great place to stay if you want to have easy access to the city as it is very close to the subway. The apartment was great very spacious! It was two adults and three busy children and never did we feel crowded! Close walk to public transportation, stores, and food! Lappartement est bien situé  dans un quartier populaire et calme à  proximité  des commerces  et du métro  ( 5 min à  pied) On rejoint Manhattan en 35 min en métro.  Shannon est très  réactif  à  nos demandes. Lappartement nest pas équipé pour 6 adultes mais plutôt pour 4 adultes et 2 enfants. La propreté  nétait  pas satisfaisantes. Nous avons passé  un agréable séjour.  Place is nice and comfortable but there is no A/C.  When we first arrived there was no hot water but a maintenance person came and fixed the issue promptly, but came across a little rude.  Also, there is no iron or ironing board, so I brought one and left it for the next guest. Upon contacting the host, Shannon was very prompt in responding to my inquiry about staying at the place. Upon arriving, the walk was lengthy from the nearest subway station and the area seemed sketchy, unsafe and potentially dangerous. There were lots of guys hanging out on corners, playing cards, drinking and smoking between our walk from the subway stop and our arrival at the listing. The unit did not appear to have been cleaned, the beds were shuffled and unmade in the twin bed room, the backyard pictured is completely inaccurate and actually looks very dirty and destroyed. The bathroom looked dirty and there were fans in the window instead of having proper a/c units. Lots of bugs, mosquitos, that bite filled the unit as me and my guests got several bites during the 2 hours we were there trying to get replaced by Airbnb. I would not recommend this unit to anyone. The appartement is very expensive, situated on the basement : not mentionned in the add. Pictures do not reflect the reality. We have been bit by mosquitos. Not recommandable. A bit small. Shannons place is great. It is large, comfortable, clean, and easy to get to and from. Stayed with a group of 5 and it was plenty large enough, and we were able to find parking right in front of the apartment. Contacting Shannon was easy and we always received prompt responses. No complaints at all! Tres propre et tranquille. Il y a une cours privés en plus I liked the approach of Shabnon a lot! Thank you! Perfect for 6 persons close to subway station and Shannon is answering very quickly to every single question. Our experience it was great. We liked the location, house, and Shannon was very responsible and understanding. Only downside being previous tenants smoked and room smelled smoke odor really bad. We had to cut down our stay. But Shannon was very understanding, and gave us refund. We will definitely stay with Shannon’s properties again. We hope Airbnb takes action against such tenants who act irresponsible. The apartment is close to the train.  Made getting around the city very easy and convenient.  We had a great stay and was very comfortable for a family of 4. Wonderful place to stay  Die Wohnung ist hervorragend an die Metro nach Manhattan angebunden. Shannon antwortet schnell bei allen Fragen. I am very satisfied with my experience at Shannons place, with walking though the neighborhoods of Brooklyn to and from the subway line, and with my 2-day NYC visit.  This is the basement apartment, and we had a little confusion initially on how to get in, but Shannon had texted previously, so I called him and he answered right away and cleared everything up.  Everything was clean, there were no bugs or small mammals seen, and the neighbors were friendly as we walked by.  This was a good value for us, and the elevated train/subway ride to Manhattan added some nice river views. Great space! Nothing much to do in the neighborhood but its close to the subway Shannon hosted my visiting in-laws and I couldnt ask for a better first time Airbnb host. His communication with my (fairly needy and talkative) in-laws was incredible and they had a great stay. Yes The place is a smaller apartment but it was perfect for the 6 of us. It was very clean. We enjoyed our stay. Appartement bien placé. Proche du métro et calme. Shannon est très réactive lorsque que nous avons dû la solliciter. L’appartement était propre sauf la cuisine et le frigo qui étaient vraiment sales. Je pense qu’ils ne sont que très rarement nettoyés. Gros problème avec les radiateurs qui sont très vieux et coulent. La cuisine et les toilettes étaient sales. Lemplacement est correct pour visiter la ville. Decent area and fairly close to a convenient train station. Apartment was comfortable for the 5 of us. Shannon’s place was really great for our weekend trip to NYC. There were 3 couples in the house and we all fit. We didn’t spend too much time in the space since we were out and about. Shannon was flexible with checkin time which was appreciated. Quick walk to the train. For the space and location, it’s a great value. Shannon is also a wonderful communicator and very hospitable! Shannons place met our needs for a weekend trip for business/pleasure to Brooklyn. The apartment is a quick walk to the subway and about a 40 minute ride to Rockefeller plaza. We had 2 adults, 2 kids, and a teenager and there was plenty of space for all of us with the three rooms. I reccommend bringing your own pillows if that impacts your sleep. The wifi and cable tv worked great to keep the kids entertained. We quickly found street parking adjacent to the building. If you are looking for a no frills place at a decent price, I recommend this apartment."	1
148	"Overall my experience wasnt too bad. Pictures of the room are not of the exact room youre going to rent. Susan lists a couple of rooms from the same building for a different price, and the one you see in the profile is actually made in the biggest room she lists. This exact room is way smaller! it fits just a size of a bed between its two made of paper walls, one of which has a window to another small room like this, covered with a chinese newspaper. The rest is ok. The room is located in a duplex in a busy asian, but quite safe neighborhood with a pretty quick and reliable commuting to the city via subway 7av N line.  Good value for money, we had no problem with this host. Only the other guests were too noisy at night and they didnt clean the bathroom after themselves.  My gf and me met Ms.Susan only on the day of arrival. She was very helpful and gave us good infos about the location and  surrounding. My gf and me though to save money on our housing and spend more on shopping. I honestly have to say ""you get what you pay"" -ROOM B- Which is fair. It was cheap therefor also no window and space. Pls keep that in mind. Хозяйка всегда была на связи, общались по Эл.почте. За 1 сутки до нашего прилета  Susan написала что комнату которую мы забронировали она нам дать не может. Но есть другая комната такая же как мы забронировали. Но нужно будет доплатить по 10$ за сутки. Других вариантов не было мы согласились. По приезду на место нас встретила хозяйка и проводила к другому адресу. В нашем распоряжении была небольшая комната на 3 этаже,с кондиционером, 1 туалет с душем на этаже. Кухня была на 2 этаже но нам нельзя было ей пользоваться. Спокойный, безопасный район. Метро за 15-20 минут пешком, ходят автобусы. Есть недорогие китайские кафе.  Our experience staying in Susans room was very positive. Susan was an amazing host: responsive, accomodating, and friendly. The room I ordered was not immediately available, so she allowed me to stay in a much bigger room, Room A, instead, and provided with a fan. As other guests have pointed out, the area is in a safe and mostly queit Chinese neighborhood of Sunset Park. There are grocery stores, laundromats, cafes and most major banks nearby; D, N, R train stops are within walking distance. The reservation was canceled the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. This wasnt the best experience. I didnt see Susan throughout my stay. When I arrived I rang her and I was met instead by someone I assumed worked for her, who spoke very very little English. She directed me to the room which was as I expected although I needed to ring Susan to ask for the room to be cleaned again as it was still dirty. The bathroom was also not the best with a dirty towel on the floor. The room seemed acceptable until I realised there was no kitchen in the building. I had to ring Susan and she offered me a room across the street which had a kitchen. The room I was moved into was again a little dirty. It was also awkward because as far I as I could tell the room was part of a familys house. I felt as though I was intruding on their space as many of the family members would be around socialising or making dinner etc. I was also questioned by other people in the building as to what I was doing which gave me the impression Susan had not told anyone I was staying there. The neighbourhood felt quite safe even late at night and its easy to get the subway to times square. It takes roughly 35 mins from the subway station at 8av to times square. The neighbourhood can smell quite a lot with the different markets and it is dirty. Overall the experience was not very positive, however I did get 7 nights close to manhattan for around 27 bucks a night which is what I needed. With just a few changes this could have been a much more pleasant experience. Susan was very nice althought we havent met with her, because of our late arriveing. We were in touch via e-mail. She always replied very fast. The first room where we were in the first night was what we were booked. It wasnt the same as in the picture but it was ok. It was hot but we had a fan and we used it. The kitchen was clean and well equiped but we havent had a chance to use it. In the bathroom there wasnt any light. On the second day we moved to another room what Susan recommended. The room was bigger and had an air condition, TV, DVD in the room. But in this house there wasnt any kitchen and the bathroom was dirty. Everything was fine at our stay. It was very clean with towels and toothbrushes provided among with shower gel and shampoo. The wifi was amazing, the bed was big enough queen size. Only the space was really too small. I had to go out of my room to get my clothes. It will be really nice to have a storage room or something. The kitchen was decent but if you plan using it u will need silverware. For the price/quality I give 5*. 部屋は清潔で過ごしやすい。机もあるのも嬉しかった。ただ、駅から少し遠いのが難。   Did not meet host, corresponded via Email (mostly) & phone.    Room is small with shared bathroom and kitchen.  The place is kept clean and is relatively quiet.  Short walk to subway (approximately 1/2 mile).    Overall a good experience.   This place was very fine for what I was looking for and hoping to pay. The place was quiet and on a quiet street. That being said, the only drawback I could think of was that the part of Brooklyn it is in is populated mainly from east asian descent. Not a bad thing, but that just means you have to walk a little further to get American food.   The room was basic, and was exactly what I needed for my stay.  Susan was wonderful in accommodating my request for early check in.  Thank you so much Susan!  small room, very quiet. worked for my budget and for what i needed which was a little place to sleep Susan was very friendly. If you need the cheapest, but a good apartments you need to call Susan. Yes, it was small, it was a little cold here, but you can get additional blanket, so its not a problem - it is winter. The house is situated in Chinese district, so you could find a good chinese restaurants with low price. Also its not far from subway (N, Q lines) which will move you to Manhattan fast Susan is very kind. She made every effort to ensure that she was available at all times and disclosed all relevant contact and set-up info before we even agreed to book.  After we booked she maintained contact to ensure that we knew exactly what to do. VERY flexible and (Website hidden by Airbnb) we needed to stay 2 additional days.  Very nice woman.    The place was clean, safe and great for simplicity.  The surrounding area is rich in   culture And a fantastic and place to explore if you are open to seeing how the people of New York (Website hidden by Airbnb) addition to the typical tourist spots. Time Square is only a 30 min train ride away. I loved my visit and will return to Susan place in a heart beat. Susan is very kind, very helpful and a very nice woman. The place was clean and warm enough, I never felt cold. The walls and ceiling were decorated, windows were new, wifi was full signal. The wooden floor was old but clean enough. There were also a table and chair in my room so I used my computer comfortably. I didnt have even a little bit problem. There was everything I need both at home and around the location; 5 min to several supermarkets, 1-2 min to laundries, 8-10 min to subways, 3-5 min to many clothing stores and some restaurants. I feel lucky to stay at such a place. I stayed for one month and first to say, Susan is very welcoming and good person and she was really the best host I had with my different trips, second thing the house was very good situated to 2 near subways N and R and to different restaurants, cafés and to the China district in Brooklyn, and third thing the area is very very safe and there are several cheap laundries in the area.  Absolutely I recommend it to everyone as the price, location are unbeatable and I will definitely return to stay in her house. The accommodation at Susans place was fine. The room was clean and the neighborhood safe. Susan herself was very friendly and helpful. It was a great stay.  It was an enjoyable experience staying at Susans place. We never met her personally but any questions or concerns were promptly replied. The neighbourhood was safe and stores opened till pretty late so we felt safe returning home at night. Overall a good stay for the price :) Everything was okay The room was great and clean. It is located about 5 min to subway to Manhattan. Susan was communicating well and there was no problem with get the keys and so one. I would definitely recommend this place you have private for good prize. There are lot of chinese around where you can buy almost everything specially great fruits. That is probably all I hope we will get there again once.  Everything was good, Susan is a really nice and helpful person. The neighborhood is safe and metro stop is close to the house. Thanks for host, Greetings from Poland. I only met Susan for few minutes, but she was kind. The place is reasonable for the price. Only one thing was, it was too hot... very hot.. there was a fan inside of the room, but the room was heated all the time.. Thank you Susan when I ll come to NY definatly I ll book your place again.... Bye Susan was easy to communicate at times we had a little bit of confusion. She was very understanding when my flight was late and left the keys for me . She had the room ready with towels. Room was clean. We hardly stayed in the room . We always came back late night to just sleep after exploring. Overall the stay was decent .  Susan was a very good host, she provided me a lot of useful information. She answered almost immediately for any my question. The room was a little bit small but very clean for this price i dont expect nothing more. This apartment is in very good and safe spot, you need to walk only ten minutes from subway station. Mieszkanie położone jest trzy przecznice od metra, więc z walizką trzeba liczyc na przejście ok. 10-15 min. Susan mieszka w innym miejscu i w ogóle jej nie widzieliśmy, ani przy kwaterunku, ani potem. Pokoj jest mały, wyposażony w duże wygodne łóżko, szafę, biurko i duży wentylator, który z powodzeniem zastępował klimatyzację. Obok dwa inne pokoje też na wynajem, mała kuchnia i jedna łazienka dla wszystkich, no i WiFi. W pobliżu jest sporo azjatyckich i latynoskich barów, gdzie można zjeść śniadanie czy kolację. Codziennie ktoś sprzątał łazienkę, (jednak omijał wannę). Susans is an excellent base from which to explore New York. The neighborhood is very safe and vibrant. Close to the subway. Would stay again. My boyfriend and I stayed with Susan for 12 days in sunset park and it was a good stay overall. Susan was super helpful, always there when you needed her and very responsive to texts, calls and concerns and most out of everything: very flexible!    When we arrived (first of all, the area is the second biggest china town area of NYC), we found the apartment easily but went to the wrong building so our room was occupied. We called Susan and 5 minutes later she was there and helped right away. I booked room B originally but I wouldnt recommend staying in there. The mattress was really hard and uncomfortable, I wouldnt even call it a mattress. Also, the room was really hot unfortunately. In the morning I asked if she had another room available and she immediately moved us to a way nicer room in the other house, with two closets, a quite comfortable bed and it was a lot cooler.   The chinese are seemed safe, but I wouldnt recommend using the subway to 53rd street, which is more of a Mexican area and I didnt feel safe there as a girl when I walked there by myself.    In general, I can say that Susan was GREAT host and I would stay there again because it was totally okay for the decent price. I even extended my stay.  Thanks Susan!! Staying at Susans place was a pleasure. We met her after our arrival and she was super kind. The house seemed to be a bit far from subway when we walked to it for the first time with heavy luggage, but once you are accommodated, it takes no more than 10 minutes to reach the nearest subway. The chinese market nearby is also an advantage as it is relatively cheap in comparison with the rest of NYC. Definitely a place to consider! You wont find a private room for the same price on NYC! Susan was really nice. She was very generous in giving me a place to stay in such short notice. In the event that I may need a place to crash in New York last minute, Ill be sure to see if I can stay at her place. 可以。 I was getting back from a cruise and i didnt had a place to stay and wrote to Susan...she reply within couple of hours and approved my reservation for the day after and im very thankfull for that! She also explained directions how to get to the house. It was my first time in NY but when I got the map at the airport everything was clear and i found it easily. House has 3  rooms on both floors and bathroom per floor. I was in room 203- small with a really hard and short bed, but it was ok for us cause we slept like 5h per night and we like hard matresses.bathroom was ok but other people in the house left their hair and dirty stuff which i cant stand....its mosty chinese population over there and they dont really speak english..but we met some American girl and she told us that its a very safe neighborhood-whitch turns out to be truth and thats all we needed, to have a clean bed and to be safe :) We also got metro cards for subway. From house to the first station in 53rd street u have like 10 minutes walk. And 40 minute ride to the central park :) Positive was, that it was not so far to the subway and price was good. Negative was - our room was really small and bathroom could have been cleaner. The neighborhood was dirty. We have never met Susan, it could be better to see each other and tell basic information personally.   Susan was easy to reach and to communicate with. Good price/value rate. Don expect the Presidential suite of Bellagio, but good for sleeping after a long day discovering the city. We arrived late at night the 1st day but Susan was nice enough to find out a solution to let us in the building. The mattress was really hard and the room was quite tiny and without window but we knew that before coming.  The location was perfect: in Southern Brooklyn, where youll find a lot of nice Asian restaurants and supermarkets. Manhattan is about 30 minutes away by metro and lovely Coney Island is very close.  To sum up we had an excellent journey in Brooklyn and sure well be back one day! :-) Susan es muy amable y gran persona. La habitación queda en chinatown de Brooklyn. El barrio es muy tranquilo a cualquier hora. second time staying here. definitely my first place to consider staying when needing a place just to sleep. cheap and clean. thanks again susan was helpful and friendly. place is small but economical and pretty close to subway (10 minute walk.)  very busy neighborhood so thats fun, some shops open all night it seems.  Stayed a week at Susans place. House is located in Chinatown Brooklyn, I felt safe during the day and night. Remember to lock your bedroom door when u go to sleep, because the front door isnt locked.  Public transportation (metro N and R) is nearby, approximently 10/15 min walk. There are many foodstores and small shops.   The bedroom was not what I expected. The ceiling looked like it had leakage and in my opinion the bedroom and bathroom was not so clean.   Susan has a second house in the same street, she offered me to take a room there. This house is cleaner, because people who are staying there care about it. I had a room without a window.  Im quite satisfy with my stay at Susans place. Susan is very nice person and she gives me a lot of information how to make my saying at her home pleasant.   As well is more for Asian people or someone who likes asian food like me :)  Never met Susan, but communicating with her was super easy by text/call. Her instructions for everything were clear. My room was clean and comfortable. The first floor rooms are separately constructed so there is some noise that easily passes through, but everyone trys to keep the noise level down after 10pm. The R and N trains are about half a mile walk. The B70 bus is just around the block. always available when i need a quick place to stay for the night. thanks again Up until I got to the door, everything was very professional in terms of response and information provided. I was offered Room #2 described as a nice basement apartment. I wasnt going to be there---same day listing--until after she left and she said she would leave the entry and room door open. There was an alert. I got hung up at work and called to say Id be late. When I did arrive the doors were locked, and that part didnt bother me, though it took 30 min for someone to come. Nice very oriental neighborhood, safe, clean, and the building was nice, older but architecturally interesting and well maintained. Nice clean shared kitchen and bath area, room was big enough, but no window just a grate to the hallway. These was another tenant booked in the next room, but he wasnt there yet. The place smelled like a hockey sports bag, really bad, intolerable. I couldnt identify the source of the odor, but if youd told me the mysterious absent guest was a rabid unkempt hockey player with sinus issues, it all would have made more sense.  I called Susan and she insisted that the air was fresh, but offered the refund. Maybe you get what you pay for.... My mother loved the place, she did not get to see Susan but everything was where it needed to be. Nicely priced and well cleaned. It has wifi, and conveniently located. I would suggest to maybe have bottled water as a purchase option or even complimentary and maybe a coffee maker but this does not take away from an excellent service and room.  I had a good stay with Susan. For the price, it was very reasonable. The internet wasnt that fast, and I wasnt sure if she understood me, but I it was a great value!  Susan place met my expectations for the price. It was placed I could lay my head at for the night and her instructions to get to her place was spot on The room looks bigger in the photos. The room was so small it was literally a closet. Plus there is no window in this room and it gets very hot and stuffy in there. There is fan but the fan does not help because there are not windows. This has to be the worst part about the house. They are cockroaches everywhere. And I mean everywhere, you see at least 100 cockroaches a day. It is so gross and this place is not clean at all there are also bugs other than the cockroaches. there are even cockroaches in the room and crawling on the bed it is disgusting. If I wanted to sleep with cockroaches I would sleep in the trash. The cockroaches are also there when you shower. This place is not clean at all. Please do not choose this place it is disgusting. I arrived at night and the host did not even greet me. She sent a very vague message about how to get to the house. When I called her she started to talk to me Chinese. After she realized that I don’t speak Chinese she told me how to get to the house through the back. It was so complicated. She wasn’t even there to meet me! I asked her one day how I can get rid of the cockroaches cause I was living there for a month and she told me there is a spray can in the kitchen. That was not helpful at all. I think you need to exterminate the house. When I went home one day I found that there are police outside the house saying that there is something trying to rob the place. I did not feel safe at all. You need to be more honest about the cockroaches and if you are not make sure your prices are a lot lower because this place is disgusting. Thank you.   She was quite a good host.  She could keep communicate with me even though I arrived there in mid night because of airline delay and took care f me a lot.  She is a gentle. I couldnt meet her because of my business though.  Actually I got her into big trouble but she could kindly reply to me at any time.  I rea    I used Room B.  The room was clean and cozy.  The shower room was also good.  Of course it has good accessibility.    There were some shop around there.  No one would have a trouble with food and commodity.    Anyway, Thank you so much. She didnt make me feel welcomed really. The neighborhood was ok, but other than the roaches in the first room, I absolutely hated the fact that the person I was sharing the common areas with in the second room, never talked to me. Period. The toilet near the first room was simply impossible to sit down in unless youre very short. Overall, if anyone was desperate not to stay at a hostel, Id say it might be ok to be here if your standards are below average. However, if you want some social interaction and dont know people in the area, dont stay here.  Susan is so kind and always smiling, the room was clean and as she explained to me before I arrive. thank you Susan and I hope to see you soon Susan was a very good host. It was very easy to get into the place, she gave clear directions, and the place had everything needed for showering.   Definitely would recommend!  Susan hat sich am Ankunftstag darum gekümmert, dass alles reibungslos abläuft. Sie informierte mich über alles Notwendige und war generell durchgehend erreichbar. Ausreden macht ihre sehr freundliche und liebe Art Sie zu einer tollen Gastgeberin, in dessen Unterkunft man sich definitiv wohlfühlt.  Susan人很好很热心,从我来之前就一直关照,还帮我找租房信息。  这个房间还算干净,但是没窗不透气,虽然有电风扇,夏天的话还是会感觉很闷。 Susan was very nice and accommodating. Close to Chinese shops and restaurants.  not noisy. cozy. really enjoyed it. metro close Susan was very kind and prompt in replying to any questions. I had a longer term stay and she even helped me find lodging at another place nearby when I had to arrive a bit earlier than the original booking date. I did not meet her in person, but she was easy to reach out to by call or text.  Host is good at communicating, however, the bed is really uncomfortable, can constantly hear noises from next door and upstairs. There are also bugs in the bathroom. I dont recommend people come to this place. Susan gave me a different room than the one I originally intended to stay at, but this one had windows, so I thought it was better. The room I stayed in was quite small, and the closet was unfurnished. The room was noisy often because of the heating system, and there were small bugs around the kitchen. The bathroom was kept clean often and she was fast to respond to any issues that came up. She is also very understanding and friendly. Although the place could be better, for the price and location, it was good. There is also a place in the back of the house, to pull your car in, if you are getting dropped off, which was useful since parking was tough.  Susan was very accomodating, everything was very simple for the check in and the check out.  Very nice accomodation Susan was a great host and incredibly accommodating. She provided an A/C at an extra cost as the days got hotter, and was readily available over phone whenever I needed to get in touch with her about anything. The room is located in a quiet house with a well kept shared kitchen/bathroom.-- as described in the listing. Would stay here again!  Susan was very nice, we had a good communication. The room and bathroom and the house in total, were clean, quiet, and the people living there very discrete.  I really enjoyed my stay, its a quick ride to Manhattan on the N train, a lot of Asian shops and restaurants and theres a McDonalds, Burger King, and other restaurants about a 10 minute walk. Check in was simple and Susan was available to answer any questions I had via text. Definitely recommended  HORRIBLE. I stayed 28 nights. After booking, Susan offered me a""better room with Window"" for $110 more--in cash! Upon move in the room was as described but the bed is a cot. The matress was very old, if I had to guess, >20years old. The sheets were not freshly washed and if you want to wash them you have to take them to the laundry mat 2blocks away. The paint was chipping on the bedroom wall. There was an AC unit in the window,but after the first week, Susan informed me that if I wanted to use said AC unit, I would have to pay her $85 extra IN CASH! (I am reporting this ilegality to Airbnb now) It was July and the house is stifiling hot. This lady will nickle and dime you to death! She has a very rude semi-permanent tenant on the first floor who acts like the kitchen belongs to her alone.. the tenant will hover over you if you try to use the kitchen and oh Lord dont dare cook anything! The smoke detector will go off every time the stove is on unless you open the back door, so good luck if its winter. All in all, I think you will be better off elsewhere.. Susan was a nice host,  The room is perfect for lone travelers.  The neighborhood is safe and easy to get around with the transportation.    Good location  Safe Awesome deal considering price. The room is quiet, simple, and has a fan. Super easy communication with Susan, and she was very facilitating regarding check in/check out. There was no towels there, so bring your own! All good. Susan is a  very nice person who is always available to help you. Barebones stay, great price. Nice place, affordable price and close to subway and other facilities Great communication and works with you for any issues!  House with a good location and calm.  Susan is nice and she helps a lot when you have question.  Her explications to go to the house was clear. I recommanded Susans house."	0
149	"Had a wonderful stay. The place was immaculate! And the host couldnt have been any more inviting and generous. Was 100% comfortable within minutes. Really felt like home. Was sad to have to leave! Will be back for sure. Had an amazing time at there place, had the feel of staying with family, the apartment was impeccably clean an in order, Communication was amazing whenever we spoke they where concerned with how everything was going an giving us tips and pointers on the city, The subway is only steps away, We will stay here anytime we are in the New York area. We love Nyc an we love Maxime/Janet. Maxime is the kindest and warmest person I have met. My sister and I had a very comfortable and  pleasant stay at his apartment. Just like everyone else says it in all his reviews. Its a 100 % true. His house is big and spacious. Very artistic interiors. feels like you are at your own home. Just like family. He welcomed us so well and I am so happy to say we have found a great friend in him! He organized juice, tea, coffee and bagels for breakfast as well. Such a great host! Merci beaucoup Maxime!!!! :) It was my first time using airbnb service and Im very happy that I stayed at Maximes house. I really appreciate Maxime :)  Some people think that Harlem is not safe. But it is absolutely wrong opinion. His house is located near metro, bus station, food market and big hospital.  Everything was so great during staying his house!!  The room was  large and comfortable, it has a huge bed, air condition, simple and useful furniture. The bathroom is located next to the room with clean towel. And the kitchen is also opened for me. He prepared a lot of water,tea,coffee and  food for free.  Maxime was so kind and always try to help to me. So I am very glad to meet him and thankful for his help. Excellent host! Maxime est une personne très accueillante. Lappartement ressemble bien aux photos. Nous pouvions utiliser le réfrigérateur pour conserver les aliments frais. Nous avons été renseignés sur la vie du quartier de Harlem qui est très populaire. Maxime was a very friendly and personable host. He made sure we had everything we needed, he offered us food and drinks and checked up on us when we were out, making sure we were okay! His home is clean and stylish and we enjoyed our stay and his hospitality. Great location right next to the subway, and although we didnt get the chance to explore the neighborhood there are plenty of places to see! Stunning Manhattan Apartment! My husband and I stayed at Maxime’s super trendy apartment for a few days. We had such a comfortable and wonderful stay. From the moment we arrived, Maxime was super gracious. He assisted with my bags and gave us a tour of the living areas (which is filled with high fashion décor and samples of his exquisite work, true to the photos depicted). It was like a museum, and I LOVED viewing everything! Our bedroom included a platform queen sized bed with clean sheets and linens that contained beautiful international designs, a large desk with ample work space, and its own A/C window unit (which we could use to control our desired temperature). There were bottles of water waiting for us, along with fresh white towel sets. The bathroom is located right outside of the bedroom. It was also very clean, and included all of the amenities such as would be found in hotels, along with several high fashion touches. We were given full access to the kitchen, and because we actually came with a few perishable food items, Maxime was so kind to allow us to store our items in the fridge and freezer. The fridge was also fully stocked with plenty of bottles of water, juices, and other food items. We were allowed to consume of anything that we needed. Maxime was a great host! While we arrived late at night, he was very helpful in giving us directions so that we could go out and grab dinner. It was helpful to stay with a host that was so well informed about the area! (The apartment is located within a block from the 2/3 train, so we had easy access to the entire city). Maxime is also a very interesting and accomplished individual. We enjoyed conversing with him. His attention to detail and his kindness/care for people is evident. Happy to have gained a friend in Maxime and I would highly recommend this apartment to anyone visiting NYC! You MUST check it out! It was very classy and on the level of 5 Star hotels. You will not be disappointed!! Enjoy!! BEAUTIFUL simply a gorgeous place. Maxime was the best.. I stayed at his place for a couple of days and it could not have been any better. It was last minute for me and the apartment looked exactly the same as shown on the website. The place was even cooler than shown in the pictures.  His beautiful loft like Living room with movie projector and fashion collection was just wonderful. The bedroom that I stayed in was both big and classy with a platform Japanese queen size bed covered with clean linens sheets and very soft comfortable pillows. Also included in the room was a big glass working table with clean towels and mineral bottled water. The bathroom is right outside the room... its very clean and equipped with tooth brushes, tooth paste, shampoo, conditioner and big clean white towels.    The neighborhood was great and special ... it really projects a sense of true Harlem community. The local characters are still here and its just beautiful and original. Restaurants, Bars, Super Markets, Live music. The legendary Apollo theater is within walking distance, and further down within walking distance as well are Central Park and Morning side park.  The 2-3 trains stop right around corner of the building. The buses stop right in front of the building. So getting anywhere in the city is pretty easy.    I had a very relaxing and cool time there. In the separate kitchen included a big fridge,stove, microwave, toaster, and coffee maker.   Free of charge in the kitchen are orange juice, bottled water, bread, bagels, cheese, coffee, and delicious tea.   Free fast WIFI is given immediately upon arrival.    I had such a wonderful time at Maximes I would not hesitate to stay at his place again. This was one of the best New York experiences that anyone could ever ask for. Maxime and I connected and got along well. I am happy to call him a new friend and I would for sure recommend his place to any guest coming to Harlem New York City. I was looking for a place that was clean, uncluttered, modern and spacious and my expectations were met at Maximes place.     The location is accessible and I liked the fact that I could grab a salad downstairs.      Maxime is an incredible host. He ensured that my stay was comfortable. I was in New York for fashion and he went the extra mile to help me out with my needs.     Overall, it was a pleasant experience.  Staying at Maximes spacious Harlem apartment is hard to describe without talking about the man himself: creative, expansive, worldly, open, hospitable, much like Harlem itself. Situated right next to a convenient 1/2/3 subway station, we used Maximes place as a base during our 5 day NY work trip. Although we shared a bathroom, there was never a wait, and we were often alone in the apartment. Maxime gave us good restaurant recommendations (""Red Rooster, the hottest place in Harlem, next to Sylvias""), and we talked about everything, from rings to design to police! Were used to staying in hotels or taking a whole apartment to ourselves, but we simply couldnt afford it in NY, and staying at Maximes allowed us to make the trip more affordable, as well as offering another perspective on the business of living an artists life.  This was my first Airbnb experience and I must say it was rather pleasant. Max was an excellent host, he made sure that we felt right at home. The apartment was very clean and spacious. The fridge was stocked with bagels, juice and other quick snack items. The pictures of the bedrooms were a bit deceiving, but I was not disappointed. Max has an amazing and unique personality. He is very cultured. I would certainly stay at Maxs place again if I come back to NYC and I would recommend this spot for other guests.  I really enjoyed staying in Maxime´s place, conveniently located in the heart of Harlem. Maxime was a generous and friendly host, taking care that everything was in good order - graciously giving of his time. I particularly appreciate the fact that Maxime made his place available on an extremely short notice - after I had been (without any forewarning) cancelled from another Airbnb-booking at 6 p.m. that same day!    The living-room is spacious, although sparingly appointed. The bedroom is of good size, clean with a large comfortable bed and with fresh bed linen.  At this particular time there was a slight problem with heating, which is being taken care of.  Although the apartment was generally clean, some spots could benefit from  additional cleaning, e.g the toilet chair. Also, apparently the bedroom had not recently been dusted. The stairway leading up to Maxime´s 1st floor apartment had a smell indicating that it had not been cleaned in a long time.  Even with these noted shortcomings, however, I would not hesitate to stay here again. I have a real great time at Maxime apartment, his apartment is clean and really nice! He is a really good person and will try to make your stay at confortable as possible, i would highly recomend his apartment! Only one block away from subway! Max was a sensational host! He meets above average hospitality standards, and definitely adds a respectful, friendly, and personal touch to his hosting. What I always hope for in a host is a good soul providing excellent service, and Max exceeds all expectations.    Do not hesitate to stay here if youre looking in NYC and especially Harlem. This place is logistically an amazing spot. You can get around town with ease and comfort.  Maxime was a great host. He was able to accommodate our late checkin and gave us a tour of the apartment. The bed was very comfortable. The only con was that it wasnt as clean as I would have preferred, but it was located right next to the subway. Thanks again for sharing your home with us.  Maxime was such a gracious host.  The place was more than what Id expected.  It was interesting and fun to hang out in this part of New York and I enjoyed every moment.  I cant thank Maxime enough for taking my last minute booking.   This is one host who is really on top of things.  I would highly recommend a stay with Maxime to anyone.  I Love New York and Maxime made my stay even more precious. I felt Welcome and it was just as described on AirBnb.  Wonderful experience. Totally recommend Maxime as a host. Although he was overseas traveling, his housekeeper Kamilla was extremely helpful.  Best of luck  Maximes home was above and beyond for us. My friend and I were coming to the city and did not book with Maxime until the week of just because of busy work schedules. With the stress of having to find a place with only a few days left Maxime got back to me and was more than comforting with allowing us to stay at their place. He was actually out traveling in China this weekend because he is very successful in his industry. However, still being this far and busy he still made sure we were enjoying our stay. His friend welcomed us to the house after we had arrived later than expected due to an extra two hours of traffic coming into the city (horrible, I know). With that being said, we were very cranky about the delays but having his friend Kamila be SO understanding to our situation, it turned everything right around. This was my first trip to New York and I was stressed about the transportation, however, the location of this is PERFECT for catching the subways. The place was absolutely beautiful. When you walk in it is a large open room with mannequins in designer outfits and a full length mirror. That room, the kitchen and bathroom were all shared rooms with other guest staying. The end of the hallway was our bedroom which was the perfect size. After a long day of walking around and being in the sun it was just a perfect, private room to just relax in. They had an air conditioner they allowed us to use while we were in the room which was fantastic and they also supplied towels, toothbrushes, and air plugs. The bed was spacious and very comfortable. My friend had requested to use an iron because he had a business meeting the following morning and they brought us an iron and iron board. We could not thank Maxime and Kamila any more for their wonderful hospitality. I would recommend Maximes home to anybody looking to stay in New York. I will definitely ask to stay again during my next visit!! This place is very convenient to travel around. Maxime is a very nice guy and we glad that we chose his place.  Max was great, very friendly and welcoming.  He even checked in with me throughout the day to make sure I was okay.  I was lucky to stay with him and you will be too.  Thank you Max! Maxime was an excellent host and hosted my associates for this trip and they had a wonderful experience. They absolutely fell in love with this place! There are amazing professional photographs of Maximes fashion design work which were gorgeous and give the apartment a very New York feel.  The place is clean and styleish and has everything you need.  The location was within walking distance of where we were working in Harlem so it was extremely convenient. We definitely recommend this place to other guests! The host was very hospitable and polite, gives us everything we need, its a big pleasure to communicate with him. The apartments clean, spacious, light, interior made with taste, you can see creative things. The neighborhood is safe, there are many places to go, people to see (supermarkets, bars, barber shops, theatres, parks, etc.), the subway station is very close. Highly recommended place!  Maxime was a fantastic host..He made us feel welcome and comfortable the moment we walked in his apartment. It was clean and personable. Very convenient to shopping areas and restaurants. The subway and buses are nearby..Great location for visiting the city! Thanks again Maxime for everything! 房东Max特别好客热情,家里设施齐全,又干净又舒服,出门交通也很方便,附近好多个地铁站,觉得住的非常满意!非常感谢他! Awesome host! Maxime gave us all the help and showed us his piano skill. so  talentant. Also we talked a lot cause he works all over the world and know chinese culture and society issues very well. interesing guy. for the house our bed is so comfortable,l love it very much! in all thank you for making our New York trip wonderful. high recommondation! Great place and convenient to downtown. Thank you!  Great stay and great host.   I loved the place.  Maxime is a very nice and helpful host. Located in the neighbourhood Harlem it takes you a bit to get to downtown but you stay in a very authentic neighbourhood! And dont be afraid, its not dangerous at all - as a single girl I had no problems walking around alone in the night! Be in the Heart of Harlem.   Yo! :))  I had a great time. Awesome host. Beautiful home.   IF YOURE LOOKING FOR AN IMPECCABLE CLEAN HOUSE... MAXIME WILL OFFER YOU THAT. •YOU WILL BE TREATED LIKE IN A 5 STAR HOTEL GUARANTEED. •SMELLS GOOD •HES A NICE GUY HE DESERVES 10 STARS!!!  CLOSE TO THE METRO WHICH BRINGS YOU TO D-TOWN IN 10MIN!    Maxime is an excellent host, very attentive and has everything you could need in your apartment!! The place is great located and has subways station nearby :)  Super emplacement en face sortie de métro et a 15 min de Times square  maxime est de très bon conseil Et a vraiment le sens de l hospitalité  Max 是非常热情和细心的房东,他为我们建议了许多旅游路线,也为我们提供了很多方便。而且Max多才多艺,不仅是时尚设计师,而且也爱好弹琴和绘画。我们入住的双人间舒适也很干净,交通很方便,出门一分钟就有地铁口。总之对于外国游客的我们来说,是一次印象深刻的体验! Maxime is a great host and a cool guy! He provided directions before we got there, made sure we were settled in well. The apartment is as seen in the pictures, very clean and comfortable! His place was a minute walk from the metro, made it easy for us to travel around! I totally recommend him!  Recommended Definitely ! Maxime is a really friendly and helpful guy. He always had advice concerning activities and directions. Felt like hes totally keen on making it a wonderful stay fur us. The whole place is perfectly tidy and cozy. Close to the city center and the subway. Nothing to complain all in all. Maxine is a wonderful host--very helpful, extremely well prepared, and very accommodating with questions and requests. His place is very comfortable and quite close to the subway, and the area is very interesting and safe. Highly recommended! Fantastic time at Maximes apartment. Great host and location. All the amenities on hand. Would definitely stay here again! Maxime is a nice host! He provided us lots of information and suggestion about New York. Its a wonderful experience! Maxime was a great host and layed out a bunch of extras. One minute walk to subway station with express service dt.  Staying with Maxime was an absolute pleasure. The apartment was very clean and provided me with more than enough space for myself. He was very thoughtful and included small personal touches to my stay in order to make sure I was comfortable. The location is also superb with great access to the city via the subway which is just steps away. Maxime was a consummate host from booking to checkout, and I would absolutely recommend this location for a great Manhattan experience! The host~Max is really a very nice guy.He helps me a lot. And always friendly to us. The apparent get a very good location, only takes 15 seconds to the subway station.We are from Asia,and my husband can not speak English. But Max always does his best to help him. Max even helps me to carry the heavy luggage for me to the subway station. I have to say, Max is super. Great Experience  Max is very very very nice gentleman!!!We talk about everything.Housing is just like at home!I love this experience!!! Maxime was an amazing host !  Will be back hopefully next year  Estuvimis 2 noches en lo de Maxime. La casa está en una zona muy tranquila y con acceso a tiendas, bares, restaurantes y transporte público. Se puede ir caminando al Central Park desde aquí. Maxime fue muy cordial, generoso y amigable con nosotras. Además es una persona muy interesante para hablar. Su casa está muy bien equipada y todo está muy ordenado y limpio. Muy recomendable. It was a great stay at Maximes. the place is neat, spacious and very well located. public transport is nearby - two blocks away. all conveniences are near by - just outside the house. Maxime is a great host, provides all support and helps you in all you need. would sure recommend it with highest ratings. thanks Maxime is a very enthusiastic person, always give sincere advice, subway mouth in the vicinity of the house, travel is very convenient! Very close to 135 St. station and comfortable to live. Maxime is very friendly and helpful. Maxime is a very gracious and courteous host. He made my stay a pleasure. His flat is a unique and quintessentially vibrant Harlem experience. Everything was as described. Would stay with him again! We loved our stay at Maximes place! It was clean, comfortable and quiet. Its very convenient to the Subway and close to shops and restaurants. Maxime is happy to let guests do their own thing but also is ready with great advice and conversation. I felt like we came as guests but left as friends Maxime was great. We booked very late, but this was not a problem because he answered all the time very quick. The apartment was shared with him and three others guests. We never had problems in the kitchen or bathroom. We had the biggest bedroom and Maxime prepared some fruits and drinks in our own fridge. He also gave us great tips what we should do besides the normal touristic stuff. The apartment is very close to a subway station. He is very funny, very clean and trying everything to feel yourself like home. I would really recommend him and his apartment. Ottima localizzazione dellappartamento rispetto alla metropolitana. Precisione nelle indicazioni fornite da Maxime per raggiungere labitazione . Disponibilità a fornire indicazioni utili per il soggiorno unitamente ad apprezzabile conversazione. Maxime was personable and kind. He made coffee for us every morning and at the end of the day we chat a bit about how our day had gone. We thank him again! (and loved his designs). Plusieurs chambres en Airbnb dans ce logement. Accès à la salle de bain parfois difficile et pas toujours très propre en fonction de autres locataires.  Du bruit dans la chambre. Difficile de dormir confortablement.   Emplacement bien situé. La ligne 2 ou 3 en métro va directement downtown.  Maxime est un hôte très agréable et très attentionné.   Un bon séjour dans lensemble. We staid 8 nights in Maxime apartment and everything was perfect. The apartment as well as the bedroom is exactly the same that the pictures show. Our bedroom was equipped with a small refrigerator and microwave. Maxime is an excellent host, he received us with water, milk, soft drinks and fruits available for us in our refrigerator as well as in the kitchen refrigerator, he gave us instructions to go around places in New York and help us with our suitcases until we got our vehicle to go to the airport. The location is wonderful because its  few steps of the subway and also we felt safe walking around. Maxime is very nice honest! we are have fun with each other talking,his house is very clean,we are suppose this warmly house ~! Maximes place was ideal for a cheap place to stay in New York. He was extremely accommodating, and the place was quiet and comfortable. It is right next to the subway station, and there are many great food options nearby. Maxime has been very friendly, he has helped us a lot and his recommendations have been perfect. The apartment is exactly as it looks and the location is very good. The Perfect Introduction to New York was using AirBNB with Maixme as my host.  This was my first trip to NYC, and with a very tight schedule, I wanted to make the most of my time in Harlem.  He was proactive about reaching out first and asking about my needs and what I wanted out of my trip.  Upon arriving, his place was so well kept and interesting, curated from his life in the arts, and so inviting.  Convenient to the subway, stores, restaurants, everything, it was all only a block or so away (including my daily staple of Starbucks), you couldnt have picked a better travel place to explore the city.  The private room had a large, comfortable bed, microwave, small refrigerator, was clean and lightly scented by a candle, yet he availed his entire space to me, which was appreciated.   Maxime was not only a very gracious and considerate host, he was so insightful about making the most of the few hours I did have available, and he was respectful of my work time, and a delight to talk to in between.  He has a very warm presence, and you can tell he enjoys sharing his worldly travels and local secrets with you, along with his home.  The amenities and locale were much more than I expected and turned out to be perfect for my weekend trip.  The loft area was so trendy and artistic, I just sat in the front room and wrote as I listened to the sounds of a lively Harlem morning.    I had an art show at the Schomburg next door, and there literally was no better place that I could have booked than his residence.  As a first-timer, this was the quintessential experience for someone using AirBNB for their travel needs.  If only I could give 6 stars instead of 5, this was exactly what I needed and more!  I can honestly say if this is what AirBNB is all about, then you have a customer for life, and Maximes place will be at the top of my list for anything close to New York.   Thank you! Nice place"	1
150	Good location and an accommodating host who communicates quickly and effeciently.  As advertised you are sharing the apartment and bathrooms with other roommates. With an average price for the night and with the current apartment state, I would not recommend this flat for more than one weekend. The flat is near the subway line Q and is in a calm area. Alejandra was very friendly and helpful. Very nice and very clean! Highly recommended! I really enjoyed staying at Alejandra’s place. There are nice restaurants around and it is close to a subway station. Alejandra is very hospitable and knowledgeable about the city. Ubicación perfecta	0
151	The host canceled this reservation 3 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The apartment is really nice! Its very neat and spacious. Maeve and her roommates prepared nearly everything for us. Tanya is the one who contact and recept us. She is very nice~ Great apartment with very nice hosts. Nice views from the balconies again.  My husband and I were in NYC just for one night and Maeve and Co. made our check-in and check-out completely hassle free. The room is a rare find in a beautiful, quiet neighborhood. You have the whole second floor to yourself with two spacious terraces and an en-suite bath. Note: the apartment is a walk-up a few flights, no elevator.  Maeves place is in a great convenient neighborhood, spacious, comfortable, clean, and has two cool decks.  I made these reservations very last minute, and Maeve and her roommates were as accommodating as possible. Thanks for helping me out last minutes ladies!  The space that Maeve and Roommates offer is lovely with terrific light and views. The space is on it own in an upper level of their two level apartment so very private with its own bathroom. (Note - there is a 5 floor walk up - Im a hiker so I enjoyed this) Comfy bed and nice clean room. I had no problem locating the building, connecting with Maeve or coordinating an arrival time. It all went very smooth and definitely a place to consider again. Thank you Maeve and Roommates! Loved the apartment and Maeve and roommates were really accommodating, helping with suggestions and recommendations for the city! I would definitely recommend staying here! We did not get a chance to meet Maeve or her roommates but she was really helpful communicating through messages. The room was clean and was exactly like the pictures. It was a private area on the top with two terraces with nice views.  The bathroom was clean and had fresh towels and toiletries. We had a short but lovely visit and would stay here again. We would recommend this place to others. The place is so great!, confortable and quiet, we have a problem with the flight and Meave was so friendly and helpful, they spend a long night waiting for us! And when we arrived they have been so nice! Thank you very much! . Nice people and great place, very convenient!!! Super close to subway and central park, and is easy to find a restaurant! This was perhaps one of my nicest stays in New York and in large part because of Maeve and Sonams apartment. Two things that stand out for the apartment:     - its location with Central Park on one side, the trendy Columbus & Amsterdam Av on the other and two subway stations to chose from. This is quite literally the heart of Upper West Side and yet in a quiet lane away from the din of main street.     - the size and the privacy it affords (including a private access, balconies overlooking the UWS skyline and an ensuite bath). Maeve is right when she says that their apartment is size 18. It was just perfect for my business travels, with this particular room having a separate access up a flight of stairs and being a private enclave on the top.     Maeve and Sonam are gracious hosts and truly enjoy having guests over. I expected that the apartment would be busy given that there were four residents but was pleasantly surprised at how conscious they were of affording privacy to their guests. And when needed, were extremely responsive to any queries I posed to them.     I would 100% recommend their apartment. It is a rare find in the heart of New York.    The host canceled this reservation 3 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Soonam, Maeve and Juane were very cooperative, friendly and accommodating. They facilitated me at every step right from the key pick up to storing my luggage until the room was ready. The place was absolutely terrific. It was exactly as shown in the pictures or maybe even better. It was immaculate and all utilities well provided for. The location was very central with easy access. My stay was very comfortable and the host provided me with all the information I required to find my way around town and enjoy my vacation. I would recommend anyone coming to New York to stay here. I think they are a bit modest describing the place. You cant go wrong! Good I did not meet Maeve,but Maeves roommates was very kind.  And when I could not undersand how to open the entrance door,Maeve responced my message soon!  Location was easy to go to other piaces nearby.Room was very very very clean.  Room is on the 5th (Website hidden by Airbnb) if your baggage is big,Hang in there:)    Maeveさんには会えませんでしたが、ルームメイトの方は気さくで親切な人でした。鍵の開け方がわからなくて困った時も、すぐに返信をくれました。  立地は地下鉄がすぐ近くなので、出かけるには楽だと思います。部屋も本当に綺麗でした!  部屋は5階(階段)なので、スーツケースが重い人は頑張って下さい!(^^) Maeve and roommate were very accommodating and gracious.  The place is even better than described.....I loved the rooftop deck and having my private bath.  Key retrieval was easy and bed was very comfortable.  It suited my needs perfectly and I would love to return again. I only had a small carry on or the stairs could be a problem, but I guess thats NY. My brother and I stayed at Maeves home (we were coordinating with Sonam, her roommate) over New Years and it was a wonderful, wonderful trip. Sonam was accomodating, kind, helpful and awfully sweet. And the room itself is so beautiful, spacious, private - and comes equipped with a balcony! Plus its in a fantastic location, a 2 minute walk away from the station and 3 minutes from Central Park! My only regret is that we stayed there for just a couple of days when we couldve stayed for longer. It was a wonderful stay and Id recommend the place in a heartbeat! Thank you Sonam :) I had a fabulous stay at Maeve and Sonams place. Its clean, quiet, and convenient. Key pick-up was easy, and Sonam provided detailed instructions for accessing the apartment. I was very comfortable there. Amazing place. The balconies are perfect! Incredible views, very clean, surprisingly quiet, and located right next to literally everything you could want. Sonam (whom we communicated with) was super nice and always answered texts quickly. This was literally a perfect deal. The floor was a bit squeaky, so just hoping we didnt keep our hosts up while we stayed up. We  loved it here!  Maeve and her roommates were very helpful and friendly. The apartment was close to everything youd need but still not in the busiest area. Good communication and a two minute walk to central park. Since the room (and bathroom) was the only room located on the second floor it made it feel like we rented a private apartment. If I am ever about to go to new York again I would absolutely want to stay at Maeve and her roomates place again! I loved staying here!! Using air bnb for as many years as I already have Ive never experienced such a home like environment. The view from the porch was amazing to see when the sun was rising up over the buildings. I became sick the first 2 days I was there and they were so kind as to offer me tea and cough drops. I would stay here again in a heart beat! Very kind people, very comfy bed, very amazing view. Really nice room. Close to the subway and to central park. Quiet and inviting apartment and roomates. Maeve and her roommates were amazing. Flat was clean, had all the bits and bobs needed for a flawless stay. Shower was great, hot with great pressure. Bed was clean and comfortable.   Everyone gave advice when needed and no one was intrusive. Living room was beautiful and kitchen was well equipped.  Would highly recommend. Friendly and helpful hosts - loved the morning ️ And great location even if no direct views of the park; 5 minutes walk to the park With subways on several lines walking distance. Lots of eateries close by-visit the ‘tasty pasta bar’ and Freddie’s pizza- amazing my delicious food at very reasonable prices, also 16 handles frozen yoghurt place  6 flights of stairs to room - doable if you don’t have heavy baggage	1
152	Great Location!!! Great Building!!! He made getting the keys earlier a breeze!!! He checked in to make sure I was satisfied!!! I would stay there again anytime!!! Kendrell was an excellent host!  He established and maintained communication with us from day one. The studio was as cozy and as private as it was described.  My husband and I truly enjoyed our stay! Kendrell was a great host. He was very responsive from the outset of the process....from answering questions before the booking to following up shortly before our stay to make sure everything would go smoothly. Check-in was very easy with Kendrell meeting us personally and showing us around and answering any questions. He was also most helpful with advice on restaurants, and how to get around with cabs and subways. We called several times with such questions and each time he was very patient and hospitable. The studio was just as advertised and was clean and tidy. The queen bed was comfy and as mentioned in the listing it was very quiet on that street so there was no problem sleeping. Since its a studio, it is very small....smaller than many hotel rooms weve stayed in, but it is New York, after all.  There was a problem with the kitchen faucet being broken by a previous guest and Kendrell tried to get it fixed during our stay but due to complications beyond his control that didnt work out. It also would have been nice if there had been a coffee pot in the apartment so we wouldnt have to completely get ready and walk a block or two before being able to have coffee in the morning. We did make this suggestion so Kendrell could consider that for future guests. The building itself and the street the apartment is on is very quiet, however, the neighborhood a block away is not that desirable....but not terrible either. Overall, it was a good stay and was certainly very reasonably priced for New York, cheaper  than a hotel, plus with Kendrells help it was like we had our own personal concierge. Kendrell was a great host. It was a little home away from home. He definitely responds quickly to any questions and was very helpful. Kendrell was a great host. He accommodated our reservation last minute and was very hospitable during our stay. The apartment is well located 3 blocks from the 135th st station on the 2/3 train. It was very easy to get to midtown. Lots of food and a grocery store nearby. Kendrell is quick to respond and communicates very well. I recommend staying here!  Kendrell was an awesome host! The apartment was just as described and the access from the subway was just a few minutes away! He was always in contact with us to check how we were doing. Again he is an awesome host and I recommend booking with him if you can! Thank you Kendrell and Anthony!! We had an awesome time!  I had a wonderful stay at Kendrells small, stylish studio. Its super clean  and comfortable. Kendrell was a real pleasure to communicate with. My bus from DC was more than an hour late, and he was incredibly nice about the delay. I hadnt stayed in Harlem before and enjoyed my time in the neighborhood. The apartment is very close to the subway. Highly recommended. Thanks, Kendrell! Both the apartment and the host were great! Kendrell was very kind and always willing to help us. He welcomed us at the apartment on the first day and explained everything important. Before and during our stay he always responded super fast to our questions, mostly during minutes.  The apartment was very clean and stylish and it looks even better than on the photos! The subway station is pretty close to the apartment and the trains 2 and 3 are ideal to explore the city as they are fast (express trains) and travel Manhattan all the way down. For example did it only take 15min to get to the times square. Further was the apartment pretty quiet and the neighborhood was also cool as you got a view on New York beside the tourist paths. We found many good restaurants and food trucks close by,  being cheaper than Manhattan shops.   All in all we highly recommend the apartment and would always stay here again! Kendrell is great! Perfetta esperienza. Molto gentile e disponibile.   We enjoyed our stay in the apartment visiting our son in NYC. It was close to all amenities and the subway. Would stay again next time we are in town Great location near subway stops, and basically as close as you can get to Downtown without paying three times as much.  The building is nice, and the apartment is small but comfortable. We had booked here very last minute due to our previous host having a family emergency and being unable to accommodate us. Kendrall was amazing. Polite. Informative. And was able to answer any questions we had. His place was a perfect size for two people. My boyfriend and I mainly slept there a few hours, showered and was out on the town. While there we had wifi access, cable, and the kitchen area was perfect for anyone who would like to whip something small up real quick. Only down side was the old building had pipes that cracked loudly when other apartments were using hot water, but that happens in old buildings regardless. His place was clean and we loved the location to the #2 train to take us back into the main areas we stayed. Definitely recommend this to any couple traveling about Town and needing a place to settle down a few hours. The neighborhood felt safe and the neighbors were quiet and didnt bother. Kendrell was a very pleasant and accommodating host. We had a hard time do to scheduling conflicts being able to check in and he was very cool about it all. His place is exactly what we needed for our particular trip. We are moving to Harlem so we wanted to stay in Harlem and his apartment provided us the opportunity to explore Harlem easily. The building was very safe and secure and the location was on a quiet street. For our apartment hunting his apartment was the perfect launch pad. Its just a few block from the 135th street station which made it super easy to get both uptown and downtown via train. His apartment is also not far from popular Harlem restaurants like Red Rooster and Harlem Public.  Kendrell is a very good host. We arrived at 11:30pm and he waited for us. We staid 1 week for the new year and we spent a very good time. The apartment is small but cosy. I thing its a good place to stay for some nights.  There are everything you need but if you want to cook its limited. There are no stove but if you want to cook rice or pasta you can.  The bed is comfortable.  The metro is very close, its just a 4 minutes walk ! And its pretty easy to go to Manhattan (Times square or Central park). In winter there is a big noise (like a slamming) because of the heating. It was not every time but it could be wake up you in the night. If you are very sensitive, the fridge makes a little noise but its not uncomfortable.   But the neighborhood is very calm. In generally, we are pretty happy about this week and we recommended Kendrell.	1
153	I arrived late night on Saturday and Mathias was very helpful in helping me check-in and answering all my questions! The location of is perfect, right on the subway station at Lorimer St -- getting to Manhattan with the L line was very easy. The apartment was very clean and Mathias roommate was really nice, I would definitely recommend this for anyone visiting New York! The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Clean and super convenient! Great location, steps away from the L train to get into Manhattan within minutes. Very walkable neighborhood with shops and restaurants. Would definitely stay here again! Properly enjoyed my stay! Really nice apartment in a great location + super nice host! Imagine this: You’re ready to get to your Airbnb in Brooklyn and looking forward to the trip and then you get an email that morning that says the reservation was cancelled. Mathias cancelled the morning I was supposed to check in! I had to scramble at the last minute to find another place to stay and Airbnb support called me to help with that. Would definitely not recommend this place unless you’re looking for unexpected cancelations at the very last minute with no good excuse as to why.	0
154	Maras place was wonderful and just as pictured her roomate was also a pleasure when we actually crossed paths mara was very nice and welcoming check in was on time everything about my stay was delightful. I would book maras place again for future dates  Great 3rd floor walkup in Hudson Heights. Very close to groceries, coffee, treats and bars. Right smack between the 1 & A subway lines.  Laundromat right round the corner. Mara and her housemate were so lovely and very easy to talk to. Room was plenty, with closet and draws for gear, full kitchen too. Absolutely delightful stay :) Accurate description. Good communication. Close to subway. Very neat and clean. The apartment was very cute and compact, and very close to the subway. I was impressed mainly at how clean it was. The bed is comfortable and Mara was super responsive. I did not get to meet her, but her roommate was very welcoming and helpful. Mara allowed me to check in earlier than planned, which was appreciated. I would definitely recommend this place. Marass place was in a very safe area and the apartment was very clean and well kept. The 1 and A trains were both under 5 minutes walking distance from the apartment, and plenty of great restaurants and grocery stores were also nearby. Although this is a private room rather than an entire home, we had full access to the kitchen and bathroom. Mara was very accommodating and helpful with recommendations. Overall, the stay was wonderful! This place was great! Short trip downtown and the hosts were extremely accommodating. Overall great experience. Thank you for welcoming us in your home. It was a pleasant stay.	1
155	I am so much satisfied with that (Website hidden by Airbnb) is very friendly,polite,kind.She help us with everything.I recommend it for (Website hidden by Airbnb) was pleasure to live there. Host was lovely and easy to reach and check in. However, there was a stink of marijuana in the house. The door of bedroom wouldnt lock and no AC in the apartment which made it extremely difficult to sleep in. Sarah and Eugene were nice and welcoming hosts. They answered our messages within minutes, and were helpful with finding the way to their apartment. The room had an ok size and a great bed, and the hosts gave us a fan after arrival, which was great since the apartment was quite hot. The door to the bedroom didnt have a lock and was hard to close, and the floors could have been cleaner. All in all a good stay! The room had everything I needed Nice place Great hosts very friendly and hospitable. Cozy and private room with a big personal TV and firestick. Great for a couples but probably not family friendly. Sarah is very welcoming, helping and flexible ! The room is great however its not exactly like the one in the picture, the bed is big and could host to people. The neighborhood is quite good but the room is a little bit far from the subway. Sarah was a great host and the room was great would certainly recommend, only 10 mins from the subway. Located near stores and food outlets, all handy amenities Sarah and Eugene seem like awesome people and were incredibly helpful and respectful. They made me feel at home. Sarah pick me up about 1am. Its my fault to be so late. But she do not have any unhappines, instead very kind and friendly. Everything goes well. I will choose the house next time. Expect to be welcome by people who welcome you with open arms. Just be respectful ofcourse. Não recomendo esse apartamento, inclusive ele deveria ser retirado do airbnb. A anfitriã foi grosseira, não estava para nos receber, seu marido que nos recebeu, parecia estar drogado, inclusive tinham outras pessoas na casa que pareciam estar fumando maconha junto com ele. O apartamento tinha um cheiro extremamente forte de maconha. Não ficamos no apartamento, tivemos um grande prejuízo, não era nada seguro.	0
156	"Very clean, very quiet, very calm and relaxing atmosphere. Very cheap price to stay compared to most other options within new york. The room itself was very clean and so was the entire house and bathroom. The host was very welcoming and even checked on me to see if I needed a cab, while being out late at night. I will be returning to this option if available in the future. The place is awesome! Very close to the train downtown manhattan, the price is affordable. Ociel and his wife are amazing people,carying and lovely. Privat room abit small, not got wifi but i would defenitally stay again :) Clean, friendly, and close to Manhattan. Great value for the price. Highly recommended! It is really nice apartment. People living there are very friendly and helpful. neighborhood is safe. House was clean, have many useful thing and is close to metro station. Owner is a kind person. Staying here was amazing. Great deal for budget travelers and only a block from the 6 train to Manhattan. The bed was extremely comfortable and the AC worked great. The bathroom was clean too. There was a public Xfinity wifi available and another that worked well enough for surfing the internet at night. Super close to the 6, quiet neighborhood Excellet! Everything is clean and Oriels family is really friendly! The place was made up and clean and has fully equipped kitchen and bathroom. The hosts are very nice and helpful and did everything to make it a smooth experience. Cute little private room that has everything one may need. A great stay! Recommended  Very nice people, very well located. I enjoyed staying here. It was closer to Manhattan than I thought which was what I needed. Ociel and his family are very welcoming and friendly. Ociel and his wife are the best couple Ive ever met!!! Super nice and considerate! Definitely recommend to stay! Easy access to metro. Lots of food places around the area. Nice comfy bed with window AC. Very friendly host and wife. Ociel was a great host and I enjoyed staying at his place! Will definitely stay over again! Awesome value. Ociel and his family were very nice, lovely, and hospitable. The place is kinda small, but perfect if you mainly just need a comes place to sleep. The bed is a twin and was fine for me 57"". I doubt youd want to share it with anyone or sleep in it if you are significantly taller. great family and hospitality. Amazing airbnb. Real pleasure to stay! Thanks! Ociel and his family are always a pleasure to deal with. Will be staying again! I want to thank Ociel and his whole family. The stay was great and if any question arised they helped me out. For me my room was big enough. Thank you very much for your hospitality. You are wonderful people! Humble and warm-hearted! Ociel is very warm and welcoming, as is the rest of his family. Ociels home was perfect for what I was looking for. The place is within a block from line 6 which takes you straight to the hearth of Manhattan and all the touristic spots. Ociel and his wife are excelent people, they helped us out as far as getting around in the subway and the city in general. Right away they made us feel at home. I will definately reccomend his place to any tourist or working professional!! Always friendly and welcoming! Great stay great experience La casa está bien ubicada, cerca de la parada de metro, en una zona tranquila. La familia es muy amable y flexible y la habitación pequeña tiene todo lo que necesita.  Very nice room and nice family Ociel and his family are always lovely and accommodating! Really close to public transit. Lovely family and clean rooms. I also got a delicious dinner ! Thanks for the stay  Cid was an outstanding host. He waited till very late in the night for my check-in. Very nice neighborhood. Clean place. No noise. Super nice host. Definitely will come back. Very friendly and welcoming family. Loved staying there. Th host is so friendly and wait until late 23:00 Very friendly and easy to communicate Ociel is always welcoming and his family is such a pleasure to be around. Ociel and his family are a welcome sight after a hard days work. Location is close to Manhhatan. Place is clean."	1
157	Rom’s place was very clean and homey. It was a bit tight for 3 guests (full bed and air mattress only) but it’s NYC after all. He really is right across the street from the park. Neighborhood is quiet and safe. Would stay here again. Very nice place! Great place, great location. 2 blocks from Subway directly to Time Square. Just would have loved the apartment to be a bit cleaner. Had a great stay. Great spot, one block from subway and across street from Central park Rom’s Place is stylish and in a great location. Rom is very welcoming attentive. Would stay there again. 	0
158	Suzanne was flexible to let me in after midnight. I was looking for a clean room with  a clean bath and with a excellent location to the train. Train is 2 min walk, excellent. Only thing you must be aware of is you share room to sleep with her and in my case it all went good. She is there but give you the privacy you need. Thank you for this time!  Suzanne was a welcoming and accomodating host. The apartment is clean and lovely and located very conveniently close to subway station. The only issue may be the heating - its was very, very warm. Suzanne was a great host and a very sweet girl. Her little apartment was adorable. Very clean and organized. Great price and location. Everything you may need is right around the corner including the train. A quick 5 minute ride into the city and youre in the heart of Midtown. Thank you Suzanne Suzanne is a nice and accommodating host. She accommodated to my late check out, the neighborhood is safe with many restaurants and the listing is just 2 min walk from the subway N line.  The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Beau appartement, propre, tranquille, proche du Métro, 4 min a pied. Très bien accueilli par Suzanne, contente de lavoir connu très bonne personne. Merci Suzanne pour tout, et a la prochaine. Suzanne is a nice host. For the apartment, it is in a quiet neighborhood and has a good location: 2 minutes to the subway station by walk. Also, there are restaurants and supermarkets nearby. Moreover, the room is clean and tidy.   I had a great time staying at Suzannes. The apartment is very beautiful and clean and Suzanne is a really nice host. She showed me around, helped me with my baggage and always made sure I felt comfortable and had everything I needed. Thank you for the good time! Suzanne was wonderful! She reached out ahead of time to ensure I knew how to get to her place, she also helped me carry things in when I had my hands full.    The apartment is very clean, tidy and looks just like the picture.  Its in a great neighborhood- safe, plenty of places to eat and a quick walk to the train.   She is such an accommodating host and always made sure I was comfortable. I would recommend her to anyone and will be staying there again! Lovely host - so friendly and welcoming that it felt just like staying with a friend! The accommodation is excellent and very well located. What more can I say - the perfect place to stay for a visit to new York! The second stay was just as great as the first.  The apartment is kept very clean and Suzanne is a very respectful host.  Shes very friendly and easy to talk to. Highly recommended in youre coming to the NYC area. Suzanne was fantastic! She was always responsive and in contact via text messages, and very friendly and welcoming throughout my stay. Her apartment is lovely, cozy and clean and the location is perfect.  This was my first experience of Airbnb and it ended up with awesome time! I was totally nervous about living with strangers house but Suzanne was very welcoming and helpful host. I was sick and having terrible cough. She provided me a drink that can heal my throat and cough drops! Also Suzanne is one real New Yorker! Ive asked her about direction and she told me few different ways to get that place. I cannot find anything bad about the room, very clean, stylish and safe. The bed is huge!  Also I have to mention about how wonderful this area is. Subway is literally 5 mins walk from the apartment. Astoria is close enough to the center of the city, but also chill and safe enough to stay in. I bought a 80 cents bottle of water at the supermarket near the apartment. I mean where else can you find a bottle of water under $2 in New York? It was great! Btw I had great coffees at different fancy cafés every morning in Astoria. So girl who is visiting New York for chilling and relaxing like me, I highly recommend you this Suzanne place. I would definitely re-visit her place in the future!  I recommend this property for any girl thats in the city to site see or thats here for work since theres an 11:30 pm curfew, which didnt effect me personally. The place is so cute and clean and safe- just as the description says. Suzanne was very helpful throughout my stay, and I felt very safe. Thank you so much for having me Suzanne!  As advertised: clean, safe and in perfect location to get the real NYC feel. Many places around for an evening snack and drink. Suzanne is a great host. After my arrival she took me out for a stroll in the area. As a bonus you get a super comfy bed :) Excellent séjour chez Suzanne, son appartement est très propre et confortable, on sy sent vite a laise. Suzanne est très gentille et cest très agréable de discuter avec elle. Elle nest pas tout le temps la et laisse beaucoup dintimité. Le quartier dAstoria est très agréable, il y a plein de restaurant et de supermarchés, on ne manque de rien. Son appartement a une location parfaite a 200m du métro! Bref super séjour, merci Suzanne! Booking Suzannes shared space was the best decision for my stay in New York! She was kind enough to show me around the neighbourhood and was extremely hospitable in every other way. She is interested in different cultures and people, and that makes her a great host! She made me feel comfortable in her home all the time. This room is perfect if youre staying for a short time and if you dont need much space. Suzanne is funny and nice! She helped me with everything I needed. Her aplartment is clean and the bed was really comfortable! I liked staying at her place and the neighbourhood is calm and secure. Good access to the metro! Suzanne was a wonderful host. She made me feel welcome and her apartment was exactly as listed, clean, safe and convenient. I had a really great time staying with Suzanne. She was welcoming and kind but would let me do my own thing, which I appreciated. The apartment is in a nice location, with restaurants, shops and the subway only a minutes walk.  This room is just as described. Susanne was very nice and she was mostly gone so it was nice for me. El apartamento de Sussanne está bien situado, cerca del metro, tiendas y restaurantes en los alrededores, pero no hay lugar para sentarse (con excepción de la cama, se utiliza el sofá para dormir y las sillas están llenas de ropa) no hay espacio para colgar la ropa en el armario, y el ruido de CA!   Mi estancia no fue como se esperaba, me sentí un poco incómoda, algunos problemas con los administradores de edificios y la comunicación con Sussanne no era lo suficientemente fluida, aunque cortés, no tan acogedor como me esperaba. Lappartamento è molto carino, accogliente e tutto funzionante. Davvero a due minuti a piedi dalla fermata della metropolitana che ti portava a pochi minuti a Manhattan. Suzanne ha provveduto a tutte le mie richieste e bisogni, è stata una persona riservata e molto rispettosa. Il quartiere è sicuro e con tutto quello di cui avete bisogno! I had a great time with Sue and her lovely apartment. She took me to join the Halloween parade of NYC, made me dinner, furthermore offered tons of advices and favors. Her kindness make me feel like home. As for the apartment, the location is perfectly great, only 2 mins to subway, and you could also find grocery stories, restaurants in the neighborhood. The room is cozy, clean and as described. You can mostly get anything you need. I would recommend her place for your top one choice in New York.  I stayed at Sues place for a week and I would recommend it to other solo travellers. Location wise, I loved the fact that this is located outside of Manhattan as it allows you to explore a great neighbourhood you may not otherwise have on your list. It is a very short walk to the subway station and from there, a short ride into Manhattan. The place itself is clean and cosy. Sue is a great, helpful and friendly host.  As listed, the room is clean and cozy. The neighbourhood is safe. The subway is only 2 blocks away and there is a 24hrs supermarket located 1 block away. Right at the corner of the apartment, there is a bakery where u can nice and fresh bagel. Brooklyn bagel and coffee is also within 10 mins walking distance from the apartment. Moreover, Sue is also a very nice and friendly host. The bed and towel were prepared nicely for you. Overall, i had a good time staying a week with Sue and would recommend this apartment to solo female traveller.  Hi Sue,  Thank u so much for everything. Had a great time spending to you. Youve been so nice to me. I appreciate it.  For those who wants to book with Sue do not hesitate. Her place is so simple but beautifully elegant. I never had a problem with her. You can ask anything about her.  Her location is the best because metro is just 5minutes walking distance and will take u to Manhattan in 15minutes which sounds so good.  So many restaurants around her area even grocery   Thank you Sue  Till next time Genebie The whole experience of staying with Sue was amazing! The apartment is beautiful, clean, warm (it was a chilly week in December), and all around wonderful. Sue is a great host, and she is an awesome person. We had so much fun! She lets you do your thing, but she is also available to chat and give tips. We ended up becoming very good friends! I cannot imagine staying anywhere else!  The neighborhood is very safe. There are restaurants, cafes, and markets just a few steps away from the apartment. I walked around alone at 10pm and it was fine. Do try the Chinese restaurant one block away from Sues apartment! Also, the subway station is 2 mins away walking. It takes maybe 15 mins to get to Manhattan.  The apartment is just as described. The bed is wonderful! You will feel right at home.  I cant wait to return and stay with Sue again. This experience made my trip all the better. I stayed at Sues for two nights and it was absolutely perfect! The apartment looked exactly as on the pictures and was very clean. The bed is awesomely comfortable! The location is perfect as well - very safe, nice restaurants and bars quite close and only a very short walk to the next subway station. The ride to Manhattan is about 10 minutes, depending on where exactly you wanna go. Sue is an unbelievably kind person and we had very nice conversations whenever we met in the apartment. I can highly recommend to stay with her! Sue was a nice host. Her room was so clean and tidy and for sure the mattress was the best. We had great communication with each other and she was so kind to let me put my stuff at her place in a morning weekend. Looking forward to seeing you next time ~~ Sues place is great! Few mins to metro and lots of restaurants and supermarket right on the corner. The bed is comfortable and the room is clean. And the neighborhood is safe. It was quite a nice experience to stay with her! Sue was a welcoming and friendly host. The apartment is clean and lovely and located very conveniently close to subway station. I had a good time. I spent 6 nights in this Apt.Sue is so nice,she can introduce you something interesting.The Apt is just few minutes to the metro and there are some restaurant around it.It is a good choice to live here to spend your New York exploring!!!! Sue is a very responsive host who tries to be accommodating/flexible to your travel schedule.  I was arriving early am by a red-eye flight so she was able to arrange for me to pick up the key even though she would be at work when I arrive.  She was also great at making recommendations on what sights to see and best way to go about visiting NY.  The location is in a great safe neighborhood just mins from the subway station.  I would recommend staying with Sue for solo travelers, especially for those visiting NY for the first time!  My experience with Sue and her apartment was PERFECTION. Communication was timely and easy, checking in was coordinated, and she was always available through her phone whenever I had a question. Even though I never got to meet her, she made sure that my stay would be effortless and convenient, even going out of her way to accommodate my check-in.   Sues place in Astoria is the gold standard of every AirBnb home in NYC--clean, comfortable, and very accessible. The N and Q trains were a block away (fun fact: the N and Q trains were listed as the third and first best trains in NYC by Buzzfeed, respectively), there were restaurants, groceries, and service shops right at the doorstep, and I felt relatively safe walking around even at night. The building is also a 30-minute ride from La Guardia airport, and a good 10-15 minutes away from Manhattan.   Sue was traveling when I was in town, so I had the whole apartment to myself. Everything was spick and span clean, the bed was comfortable, there is A/C, bathroom is very well-maintained, and the kitchen was spotless. There was wifi, and a TV with limited channels, but you dont go to New York City to watch television, anyway. The building has good security, too.   My only regret during my stay was not meeting Sue--she seems to be a lovely person! Highly recommended, will very likely to stay again! Thanks so much, Sue! :) Sue is a nice and friendly host. Her room is neat and near to subway. I spent a nice time sharing the room with her. Sue was a great host! Her apartment was very clean and tidy. She also is very inviting and offered some snacks and towels or whatever I may need. She even walked me around to show me a few places to eat around her apartment. I recommend staying with her as I had a great experience. I enjoyed my stay with Sue! She was really nice and generous making me to feel like my home. Although I’m used to be live by myself, having Sue as a roommate for a few days was great and even made me to feel sort of nostalgia for having a roommate back in my high school.     The location was perfect! Only 3 min, or even less if you walk fast like me, from a subway station. A large grocery store is on the way to the station. (They also have organic foods, so you don’t have to go all the way to Manhattan to go to Whole Food.) And good news for coffee lovers, there is really nice coffee shop near to the station called “Astoria Coffee.” Overall, staying over Sue’s place made my trip at NY as a wonderful memory! :)   I had a nice stay at Sues place. Its close to the subway and only a short ride away from both the city and La Guardia airport. Sue is a very interesting and caring individual. She keeps her place super clean so know you are in great hands! Thanks for a great stay Sue :-) Sues appartment is quite a nice place to stay with lots of convenient stores surrounding and subway station is just 5 mins walking. I would recommend this place to backpackers since it only takes 15 mins to NYC center with much cheaper cost. Thank you Sue for your kind support and wish you all the best! had a really really nice sleep. The host is awesome. It was absolutely great experience! The bed was so comfortable and the house is exactly same as the picture. The neighborhood was safe so it doesnt matter if I went back home at 11pm. For me the most important thing was location. Especially location was so good. It took only 3min to get to subway. The subway line N,Q goes everywhere!! Also the host Sue was lovely person! I really liked to chat with her, If I go back New York I definitely meet her again! If you looking for quiet, safe neighborhood house this is the house that you have to stay in NewYork! Staying with Sue was great. She was very kind and a great host. The location was very safe and convenient. It was less than a three minute walk away from the subway (N,Q line). The only downside was the fact that there was no elevators. I had a lot of stuff with me, which made the stairs very difficult. But, this space is great for backpackers and people who need a place to crash during their vacation in NYC. Sues place was clean, tidy and cosy. Location of the apartment was great! A couple of minutes walk from the 30 Av station on the N,Q line. Away from the buzz of  Manhattan but all major attractions are easily accessible by subway. Theres a large grocery store, bakeries and restaurants (dine in/takeaway) nearby, and a park across the street! Sue was a wonderful host! Showed me around the neighbourhood on my first day and was helpful with any questions I had. Had a good time chatting with her. Tip: initiate a conversation by asking Sue what she does for a living! She has a really interesting job. ;) It is a nice small apartment,near the subway station. Sue is a great host and has maintained the hygiene of the apartment very well. Thanks you Sue, for the lovely time, you are a great person. Sue is a kind, caring soul who made me feel very welcome. She even let me do my laundry in her building! Her studio is tidy and comfortable and Astoria is affordable, multicultural and full of life. As a young woman traveling alone, I couldnt have stayed anywhere better. Awesome experience! This is my first time going to New York as a solo traveler so I was very nervous. Sues hospitality makes me feel comfortable staying at her place and shes also very knowledgeable about NYC. She suggested me some of NYC attraction that is a goof fit  for people who travel alone as well as help me with the subways. Her place is 3-minute walk away from the train station and the neighborhood is completely safe. Would recommend females who travel alone to stay at her place. Sue has been a very good host. She made sure to be present at my arrival regardless the delays of my flight. The apartment is very cosy and the bed comfortable. The flat is located 5 min walk from the subway that takes you directly to Manhattan, Cony Island etc.  Sue is a very polite and nice young lady that made me feel comfortable in her home. It is definitely the place to be when visiting NYC. Sue has a small studio apartment in a great location, close to the subway and very easy to get to Manhattan, it has good places to eat nearby and a supermarket. The room is clean and well maintained. However I was not aware that we were sleeping together in the same room. That  should have been cleared out before arriving. That made the experience not as confortable as expected. Sue is a really nice person and she keeps her apartment clean and tidy. The location is also great. Its like a minutes walk from the subway station. If you come to visit NY, then stay at Sues place, you wont regret.  The place is located in safe, nice area. Sue has been really caring and thoughtful even though my flight was delayed for hours therefore so was my check-in. The room is Clean and cozy. Recommend the place! :) The place is really nice. Its very clean and the bed is really comfortable. The neighborhood seems safe, there is a big supermarket right around the corner near the metro station to Manhattan and a lot of bars and restaurant with good food. Sue is a nice host and she gives you tips, so just ask her :) Sue is very nice. The apartment is so comfortable and convenience.  There has grocery, supermarket, bakery, laundry etc. near by. Its just take 3min walk to the Metro. I had a good experience in NYC. Sue was an amazing host. It was my first time in New York and she was always willing to help out with any questions I had. The location is wonderful! So easy to get to the city. Astoria is a great place for shopping and eating out which is all just minutes from Sues apartment. Definitely stay here if you are visiting New York.  This is such a cute place in the heart of Astoria. Its close to the metro, tons of coffee shops and food. You can feel like youre living like a New Yorker for your stay. Please respect Sues house rules, as she is wonderfully accommodating to your schedule, but it is a shared space and you are a guest in someones home. The bed is so comfortable. Its a great place to stay if you want to be in Queens! You will never regret about it.  Interesting borough Astoria, lots of restaurant supermarkets. Sue is new yorkaise and i love her advices and good plans.   Ciao a tutti, la casa di Sue è  situata in un posto molto comodo, vicino alla stazione di metro che veramente in un quarto dora vi porta al Central park. Intorno ci sono tanti negozietti e bancarelle con la frutta verdura e acqua . Ci sono anche dei localini per mangiare. Vicino al metro che dista neanche 2 minuti a piedi dalla casa cè un bar per fare una colazione.   La casa è piccolina ma cè tutto il necessario. Il letto è molto comodo. Sue mi ha spiegato tutto al mio arrivo è stata molto disponibile fino al giorno che sono tornata 10 min in ritardo. In questo senso lei è molto rigida per ciò calcolate bene i tempi se no, vi sorbite una scenata assurda.   Ho preferito di prendermi il numero in un altro albergo perché il giorno dopo dovevo andare ad un concerto e sapevo che avrei fatto tardi (devo dire che lei prima di prenotare la stanza mi aveva scritto che non cerano i problemi per lorario il giorno del concerto). ma solo per il fatto che mi ha Trattato male per un ritardo di 10 min la sera prima non ho voluto restare da lei. Perché non esiste che mi fai la scenata così per 10 minuti.  Se voi non dovete fare tardi come me la soluzione è ottima. It was a perfect place for me at this time, very clean and close to station and manhattan... Sue is very nice lady. Sues place is a very good place  to live in New York. Its clean, and very convenient, just 5 mins walking to subway and there are many restaurants, convenient stores around the area. Absolutely recommended for a friend who would like to visit New York in the future.  Sue was really flexible and went above and beyond being an amazing host! I stayed four days. Her place is really cute and quaint and the bed was super comfortable. She was extremely giving and courteous. It was like having a really cool roommate for a couple of days :) I was able to take the bus from La Guardia airport to her house upon arrival and only walk a little way. Astoria was a really neat place to stay and there were lots of nice restaurants. I had some fabulous Ramen. Sue gave some stellar recommendations and I was happy to get to know her a bit, shes super talented! One recommendation was a little market by her place and I bought three huge bottles of Evian water for $3, plus had sushi and salad there. Coupled with the bagels I brought with me, I really only had to buy a few lunches and my dinners. Astoria is only a short subway ride away from NYC, so it was super convenient to get into the city every day and Im glad that I chose here to stay. Her place literally is only a couple of blocks from the subway. Just be respectful, responsible, and the awesome person that you are, and you will have a great time with Sue. I would definitely stay with her again and am looking forward to coming back to NYC soon!  Sue is very friendly and helpful. The sleeping condition is very satisfying. Location is awesome. The N line is within walking distance, and the place is surrounded with nice restaurants. Overall, good experience with cheap price. The house is so clean. She is so kind. The location is nice to go to Manhattan! Near the subway station. Very comfortable! Sue is a wonderful host. Although we basically shared the studio apartment together, it was a safe place for me to sleep and store my belongings. Her apartment is in a fantastic location. Its two blocks away from the N line, there are grocery stores and cafes along 30th Ave in case you want a quick snack or coffee, and its incredibly walkable and safe. She placed a cardboard divider in the room to add a little privacy since the couch she sleeps in is a couple of feet away from the bed. Overall, Id totally recommend staying here if youll be spending the majority of your time out and about in the city. Sue was a great host. Everything was clean and comfortable. I was there for my work and always busy with it. She helped me ordering food and gave me suggestions about the transportations. We didnt have any problems during the stay. And we became friends at the end. I will definitely go back to her place again! Sue communicates well and responds back quickly. Her apartment is clean and the location is close to the subway and many restaurants. I have enjoyed my stay. location was really good and safety. The studio is close to the subway stop. It is convenient to get most of the things you need from the supermarket, which is nearby. It is a comfortable studio to choose when you  go to New York. Sue was my first host on AirBnb and I couldnt have asked for a better one. She is so nice and friendly and always wanted to make sure Im fine. Her place is very good as well and its not far away from the subway station and there are many stores within walking distance. I would love to stay with her again.	1
159	The host canceled this reservation 44 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Very comfortable and cozy! A great value. I loved the thoughtful touches such as the takis they left for us, the proximity to public transit and the comfort of the appartment. I would say me & me friends found everything very satisfying The flat is perfect for a couple. It’s enough space, comfortable bed, quite, good hitting and warm water. It’s 15 min from subway and front of a supermarket. The are also a laundry in the near and a lot of shops. Perfect for a long stay in Manhattan. It’s a cool place ,I think it good be cleaner and just be ready for 5 flights of stairs. No elevator. The host canceled this reservation 44 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 131 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	0
160	Ambers place was in a great location, just minutes from the subway. The house was nice with AC and a clean bathroom. Though we didnt meet Amber, she was helpful with access instructions. The house had clearly gone under some renovations in the previous days, but would imagine they are complete by now and looking great. Logement en adéquation avec la description donnée. Cest en réalité une maison avec plusieurs chambres numérotées. Nous avions une chambre en sous-sol, avec salle de bain, cuisine et salle à manger attenantes (à partager avec une autre chambre). Pas despace salon au sous sol.  Nous navons pas eu loccasion de croiser Amber. Donc pas de conseils, de bonnes adresses ou simplement de discussion. Toutefois, ses réponses aux mails sont assez rapides.   Laccès à la station de métro est sur le trottoir en face. Il faut compter 45 min/1 heure pour accéder à Times Square.  Logement propre. Quelques efforts minimes à faire dans la salle de bain. Equipement neuf.  Très bon ration qualité/prix ! The room was small with AC and a clean bathroom. Though we didnt met Amber, she was helpful with access instructions. The house have a few renovations done but still need some finishing. Its really close to the subway, just across the street. Lappartement est très bien situé à 30 min de Manhattan en métro. La chambre était bien, juste un petit bémol il y avait une souris.  Hey! Thanks for everything. The house is really amazing! Even though theres so many rooms, with all the bathrooms and kitchens its enough space for everyone! It takes a little time to go to Manhattan but the subway station is literally in front of the house. And for the night, theres a bunch of bars and restaurants right next to it. Great experience! Thank you! (: Cosy neighbourhood. Great proximity to the subway. Lots of interesting shops and cafes in the vicinity. Theres a home made book of recommendations of places to eat provided in the apt which was really helpful.    We found the host herself to be quite dismissive and curt. Rigid with the check in times.  We did not feel welcome at all. Our room was an air conditioned cell; frigid, distasteful and there was literally sharp piping sticking out of the floor. The host did not mention that we would be sleeping next to the boiler. Cleanliness was poor. On the second night we came back to find the entire floor abuzz with houseflies and moths. This airbnb truly felt a lot more like a business, rather than a homestay. Overall, not a good experience, regretfully can not recommend. So near to the subway and bus stations.  The room is clean. the smell of the room is slightly strange, but it is okay.  Importantly, the price is cheap. Great communication, nice common space, and a nice neighborhood but my room felt like a half finished construction job with random hoses and caulking and a weird boiler room door in my bedroom (H). We got in the room, no drawers, small, filled with bugs. Next to our bed was a door. Inside that door, more bugs and a rusty engine of some sort. The night was terrible, that was probably due to the awakening by the rats running around inside the walls. The kitchen is dirty. It is a cheap hostel without a liscence and we got the worst room Tough we dint meet Amber, she accepted our early arrival for dropping our baggage. It was so close to subways and public transport.  So reaching at any time is possible.   Instructions were clearly displayed  Everything was fine expect the size of the room 因为有及时而且充分的沟通,自助式的入住还是很方便的,使用厨房用具及卫生间时都有提示注意事项,这里处于布鲁克林靠北部较热闹的区域,逛街很方便。 It was good experience. Very conveniently located near to Bedford avenue subway. Exit the side with Bedford-Lafayette. Amber was really good and very cooperative. Nice and clean room as described in the listing. I stayed here for 7 nights and it will still be my first choice if I plan for New York. Highly recommendable place and host. IM PUSSy? Buen sitio calidad/precio para estar todo el día fuera y descansar por la noche, porque la habitación es un poco pequeña, y a través de las paredes se oye prácticamente todo. aunque tienes a disposición cocina, comedor y un patio trasero con mesas y barbacoa. Barrio tranquilo y bien comunidado, metro a 50m. El lugar está buenísimo,  limpio,  cómodo,  muy tranquilo y lindo.  Esta cerca del metro,  la zona es muy tranquila y segura y esta lleno de lugares para proveerse.  Lo recomiendo totalmente!!!  Leuke buurt, gemakkelijk te bereiken met openbaar vervoer.  Alles voorzien in de keuken, handdoeken, beddengoed, alle voorzieningen waren in orde.   Very nice vibes, great location, good bed and room in general. Amber was quick to respond to me and very friendly, will definitely come back when Im in the area! It was ok.  Simple and perfect ! highly recommended  Access was easy and convenient, good communication.  The neighbouring buildings look a little run down, but the local restaurant/cafes are hipster-cool. (recommend Fancy Nancy for dinner and Stonefruit for breakfast. Very convenient to subway.  Everything was great and cozy This is for the basement level room in the back. It had a very comfortable bed and was a good sleep. I was only there to sleep. The vibes were a bit basement, but affordbale and convientnet for the neighborhood. There is a great cafe right outside the front of the apartment - and lots of great spots in the rest of this neighborhood.  Amber was really great at responding to messages and answering our questions. She was very easy to work with and the room was nice! The commute to Manhattan and the rest of Brooklyn is very easy via the G train.  Nice place, very close to a train line. Keyless entry was very convenient. Room was a bit chilly but a space heater was provided and helped a lot.  It was OK for a night Great room, was clean.Amber was very helpful and replied quickly.  Mein Zimmer (H) war leider nicht so gut. Es war sehr kalt und da es direkt zum Lüftungsraum ging sehr sehr laut und das 24 stunden am Tag. Ansonsten war die Unterkunft schön und küche und bad waren recht sauber. Nur die bettwäsche war etwas dreckig.  Die anderen Zimmer sahen aber besser aus! only stayed one night! Amber is a very nice host. She will always do everything possible to make her guests have a comfortable stay. Will highly recommend her place. Very convenient location! Having the subway map as well as a book that listed things to do and restaurants near by was very helpful. She responded to messages very quickly and was helpful. Location was quiet and the place was very clean.  Great location, across the street from subway station. I never met Amber during my stay which I was hoping to but communication was excellent with her. The room was clean and kitchen access was very helpful because I got sick while I was there and she left tea bags for us to use. The only little problem I had is that I was ib the basement room and the floor was cold when I arrived so make sure you bring some warm slippers in the cold season. Other than, I have no complains. It was a nice stay. Our room was the H, that is located on the basement. Its nice, not so big but good and clean. Unfortunately the  weather was not so good, the temperature outside was under the 0 degree and the room was a bit cold, but the it is provided with a small electric heater. The rest of the apt was clean, the bath and the kitchen. The location is ok, in the night you can find some stranger people but nobody bothered us. Next to the apt there are the G line, that you can take for all part of the ny, then supermarket and laundry. All perfect for us!  Amber was terrific! Very Accomadating on short notice,  plenty of privacy. comfortable and enjoyable stay too! В Нью-Йорке были уже не первый раз и поэтому могли сравнить жильё у Ambet с предыдущими местами. У Amber везде чисто, на кухне есть все необходимое. Дом находится около метро. А ещё можно взять 2 велосипеда у Amber! Это было очень удобно! Всем рекомендую! Excelente lugar! A pasos del metro, en una área bastante segura y con comida y de todo cerca. La casa es súper limpia y cómoda. Baños y cocina modernos, limpios, funcionan bien. Muy recomendable! Awesome and convenient for any in town guests. Recommended  Nice being next to the subway. Basic and clean room. The space heater that Amber provided was definitely needed. The kitchen is well equipped. Good privacy and low-noise.    Perfect for traveling in and out of New York. Ambers place is very organized, comfortable, clean, and easy place to stay after a long day of adventuring around the city. It is also very close to the subway and is very easy to get a hold of if you have any questions. Amber fue muy amable con nosotras estaba en la casa cuando llegamos ,nos informo sobre los subtes y lugares de comida cercanos. El lugar es tal como se ve en las fotos esta todo muy limpio y ordenado. Lo recomiendo. Ambers place was great. Very good for the price and the description matched exactly what was there! Very close to public transit and if you are driving a car, parking was very easy close by. Good location, good host Absolutely loved it! Great location! Clean and cozy! 30 mins to Manhattan! We met some great people during our stay! The check-in was super smooth! We had a great time here at Ambers! Stay with her!  Very convenient for our last-minute stay - the keypad checkin made things especially easy.  Amber and Chris were kind and helpful. The perks is that it is right across the rd from the subway and very close to handy bus stops. Theres also a few cool bars closely as well -  Swell Dive and Do and Dive.  I stayed in the basement room - and it is very basic. The bed frame was a bit too creaky for my liking - but this might be fine for others. I would suggest the place if youre on a tight budget and not spending too much time in your room.  The room was small, but clean. Good stay for a short visit in NYC. Clean place. Very easy access to the G train.  Room was built around a utility room that houses a boiler. Upon inspection of a National Grid Gas co employee he determined there was no appropriate carbon monoxide detector in the utility room nor in the common area as required by law. Host said there was one outside the  room which upon inspection was proven to be a smoke detector only. Perfect place for a short NCY Trip for a very good price!  el subte linea g green no funciona completo los fines de semana y es el único que llega  If you like staying at a hostel, this is a place for you. You are on your floor almost by yourself, which is nice if you ask me.  Amber is a very friendly and helpful host. Checking in and out was very simple and there is a lovely coffee shop just outside the door. Quiet and close to the train, thanks! Nice, clean room and bathroom. Checking in was easy thanks to the keybox that openend with a code. Wifi worked fine as well. Thank you for hosting! Sammie Jo and Carl were great hosts. They responded quickly to all queries and requests, and were very pleasant. The room is close to the G subway station, which is convenient, and there is a great caffe next door for breakfast. This spot was decent for what you pay. It did feel like staying in a hostel. There is some noise from the subway below and other tenants, so earplugs are advised if you are a light sleeper.  Otherwise Sammie Jo & Carl were communicative and clear and the place is VERY convenient to the subway, which is a big plus. Really good place to stay for vacation in NYC close to subway and well connected to Manhattan. I will reccomend it. The hosts are super responsive and clear. The location is very interesting(its not touristic so you get to see really cool people when you have a walk around the neighbourhood) and I had absolutely no difficulty finding my way to and from the location.  Theres amazing food on a few step distance. wifi is fine. If its cold theres a heater and youll have enough space in the room for yourself to put your clothes and other personal stuff. If youre a neat freak you might not experience it as the most pleasant place because it isnt very clean. Good and small room, near subway Nice coffee places and bars around, easy to checkin checkout, no problem so far. If you checkin the H room, just be aware of that big metal door pretty noisy which is locked, maybe electric or gas system behind... The bed is right next to that door. Otherwise we did feel good staying there. The stay was okay, easy access and many information for tourists around the house, close to the subway. The house serves more like a hostel House is situated in a lively neighbourhood (great coffee just down the road), very close to a metro which makes it super easy to get around! Has a hostel feel but still lots of privacy. Everything you would need for cooking is provided and some handy tips on where to eat out are provided. Would recommend! Great place, conveniently located near a metro, Sam was very helpful with questions and reccomendations we had. Great experience and great value! Would stay here again for sure. This space was perfect and amazing price for the location! Easy access to the Subway. Room door locks, helpful tips, and maps, posted notes around the house made for a really easy time navigating everything! Definitely recommend. 虽然一直开电暖气,但还是不太暖和,第一天basement的浴室热水调不热,联系后,后来弄好了。纽约冬天实在太冷。 Had a blast in NYC and staying at this location only made it better. The location is amazing for public transit, and has great selection of restaurants around it along wight local bars to have a drink after a long day of exploring. Good place, good bathroom, clean and the prize is fair, I would come back there. Great place Jo & Carls place is a really nice place where to stay. You have a metro station in the corner and like at 30 min from downtown. It is surrounded of places to eat and also two delis to buy food and snacks. I recommend at all	0
161	The apartment was exactly what I needed when looking for in place where to stay for a month. It has everything you would want from a studio. The neighborhood is lively with Myrtle and DeKalb a few blocks away.  Besides, Daniel was a fantastic and responsive host.  I recommend.  Daniel is a great landlord! Nice and clean! I really enjoy this stay just like home in NY It’s not a big apartment, but had everything in it. The bathroom was clean, the bed was comfortable, utensils in the kitchen were more than enough. The cozy room was in a quite neighborhood, deli and two big food market were one block away. Daniel was a worm-hearted host, we didn’t meet, but he answered every text messages right away.   Nice little apartment in a nice area. Not far to the train and plenty of food options around. Has everything you need Daniel was very attentive and easy to get a hold of. His place is in a good neighbourhood and very easy train to get to Manhattan.   The Brooklyn area was much nicer than I expected with quirky little bars and nice restaurants right along the main road that Daniels apartment is on.  I highly recommend anyone thinking about staying in New York to stay at Daniels!  Really enjoyed the stay at Daniels appartment. Very good communication and easy connection to public transport. Recommendation! Everything was excellent, the metro is near, the area is calm, near the most beautiful areas of Brooklyn in walking distance, the owner of the apartment is very responsive, answers immediately, is always ready to help, if I come again, I will definitely stay in this apartment The place is a single apartment home, 1st floor , very easy access , lots of parking, location was great!! Had a 24hr deli on the corner amongst a lot of restaurants to eat at. The host was great at communication. Very helpful with everything. I definitely would stay here again!!  The place is a small studio with a large and very comfortable bed. The apartment is tiny, but everything was clean and very functional. The apartment is located close to grocery stores, Pratt, and the streets in Clinton Hill with some restaurants and other shops. The closest subway is a 15 min walk away, which was kind of annoying, but absolutely doable and goes quick. The only downfall I saw was the lack of air conditioning (which is actually kind of standard in nyc apartments), and got very stuffy in there with the summer heat and humidity. I would definitely recommend the apartment to anyone who wants to stay near Manhattan, but not be right in the middle of it and if you want to explore Brooklyn! Thank you! Thanks for everything! Daniel was an attentive host and helped me discover some great amenities and great food in the area. Great little apartment in a quiet area. Plenty of shops and restaurants within walking, and it was very easy to catch a bus that takes you to the subway to get to Manhattan.  Cool little spot, and super convenient if youre driving into the city. My parents stayed at Daniels place while they were visiting me in Brooklyn. They absolutely loved it; my mom said she wants to stay here every time she comes back. The apartment is in a quiet and convenient location off Myrtle, near Pratt and the Navy yards, and close to a number of cafes, restaurants, and bars. The apartment is cozy, yes, but its well-outfitted, and is a perfect launching pad for long days both in Brooklyn or in Manhattan. Check-in and check-out were easy, Daniel was quick to communicate, and everything went well. Highly, highly recommended. Daniel is very nice and considerate, you can always communicate with him when there is problem. The neighborhood is convenient with lots of stores.  Im really glad I picked this spot as my home base for a few days! The apartment is cozy, unique, and very clean. The bed is more than comfortable and also worth mentioning. I thought the neighborhood was quiet and safe, had ample parking but still in short walking distance to food, stores, Pratt etc. The host Daniel is very communicative and I appreciated the easy check-in/out. I think this is a great spot for someone on business or other solo travelers and would definitely stay again. Daniel was great. Communication was better and quicker then most of my previous experiences. The location of the unit could not be better. I enjoyed my stay although I think it could use some extra pillows and and iron. Had a great time — great location and simple clean place. Only was surprised by not having soap/shampoo in the shower as thats something Ive come to expect, but would gladly rent again knowing that in advance. Daniels places in a perfect location close to everything freeway Subway. Daniel was an exceptional host very attentive to our needs. Quick to answer any questions easy to get ahold of at anytime of the day. We had a great time at Daniels,  definitely be back. I highly recommend the spot. Me and my girlfriend stood at Daniels place for the weekend and it was perfect. We were tired from long car trips and by going on events, but his place was cozy, very confortable and clean. Also, a very good taste in decorating the apartment.  Definitely a very good place for when we need to go back to Brooklyn! Liked the apartment as it had all what we needed . We didnt meet Daniel face to face but he answered quickly to all questions. Perfect place with everything we needed. Definitely recommanded. A bit far from the subway but it didnt matter to us. Nice neighborhood. Nice decoration. El apartamento es muy cómodo y limpio. El barrio tiene mucha onda y lleno de lugares para comer, salir y comprar. 100% recomendable This place was cool, nice interior design style, very hip, although the bathroom could use a remodel! Bed was comfy, big tv, location was pretty good for Williamsburg, we walked in for dinner! Studio très sympa. Daniel est très réactif. Nous avons passé un très bon séjour. This is a good value. The outside temperature during our stay was in the low 80s and Daniel did have a portable air conditioner that cooled the apartment quite adequately. (Dont forget to put the heat exhaust vent in the window.) The only blight on this unit is the bathtub which is discretely hidden in the photos. The tub finish is severely peeling and the surrounding tiles are mold stained. To be fair, it was cleaned and sanitary but the visual shock may be difficult for some folks to get past. This is my 2nd time staying @ Daniels place this month. Always an easy in & out. With my crazy flight schedule this allows me to check in as late as I need to due to self checkin. Thank U for having me back. Daniels studio was the perfect amount of space that my parents needed, and it was so conveniently located close to many restaurants, markets and coffee shops in Clinton Hill. Check in was extremely easy and Daniel was also so accommodating and responsive to make the entire trip absolutely flawless. Thank you! Daniels place is quiet at night, while being steps away from a commercial street with lots of restaurants, cafes, shops, etc. Its a good location if youre spending your time in the immediate area. But its not convenient to any subway stops, nor in a spot where there are lots of cabs roaming the streets - plan to walk some distance or use a car service if youre doing things elsewhere during your stay. (Daniel was very helpful in suggesting a specific car service that was responsive each time I used them.) And Daniel was friendly, responsive, and quick to offer help each time I contacted him.  The apartments small size is evident from the photos, so that was no surprise, and it was totally fine with me as a single traveler on a short business trip. Almost the entire apartment was very clean, neat, and comfortable. However, the shower/tub was uninviting. There was a lot of black mold/mildew on the tile grout and tub drain; the hot water faucet was simply broken - it came off in my hand; and I wasnt able to figure out how to switch the water to come out of the shower head...what seemed like the hardware to do that was either broken also, or somehow, not obvious. I fooled with all of it for a few minutes but was in a rush, and couldnt spare the time to contact the host to ask. I had to skip a shower and be on my way. That was an unpleasant way to end my stay. Hopefully Daniel will be able to address the tub/shower issues before anyone else stays. Other than that, his place was just fine. We enjoyed our stay at Daniels apartment, as he was a very nice host from the beggining to the end of our stay and the apartment is very good. Location is great, with a 24h market a few meters ahead and very easy bus lines that connect to the subway. As others have noted, the place is small, but comfortable and secure. The mattress on the queen size bed was actually more comfortable than our mattress at home!  Short walk from the subway, and very close to a lively area of restaurants and shops, but far enough off that stretch that it was quiet and suited our purposes.  Area right outside the building a little gritty, but not too off-putting. We still felt safe.   There appeared to be a miscommunication between the owner and the cleaning service. When we pointed this out to Daniel, he was immediately available and rectified the situation to our satisfaction. We consider him a terrific host and look forward to staying there on future trips! We had a great stay at Daniels place. It is easy to feel at home in this apartment, the neighbourhood is nice and quiet and hosts a lot of shops. A bagel shop and supermarket can be found just a few steps away.   The apartment itself was very clean and quite big for 2 people. Comfy couch and extremely comfy beds, better than the ones we have at home. In the bathroom we did not encounter any mold or problems with the shower at all. Kitchen well equipped too.   We would love to come back in this great home away from home! Really enjoyed staying at Daniels place! It was a nice and cozy studio with everything you need. Daniel was easy to reach and quickly answered any questions we had. I would definitely come back the next time Im in New York! I had a wonderful stay at Daniel’s. Easy to navigate to and from, great layout, incredibly comfortable, and I will definitely try to stay here again! Daniel’s place is definitely good. Very clean and minimum, you can find everything you would need. Lots of fresh towels, big bathroom. And he got Apple TV. Fast wifi. I just hope it would be little bit warmer. Recommend for sure. Daniels space was perfect for my boyfriend and I’s stay. Walkable to coffee breakfast and both bus/train. The bed was really comfortable and Daniel responded super quickly to our texts. Only issue really was that the cleaning service walked into the room when we were sleeping- we were able to figure it out but it was a little weird. Otherwise a great stay and great location for those visiting the city! I stayed in this artsy studio that was a few blocks from my daughter’s new place in Brooklyn.  I loved the high ceilings, very comfortable temperpedic bed and that it was the first apt right inside the door of the building.  Great neighborhood- near Pratt Institute.  Grocery stores very close.  Was perfect for my long weekend in NYC! We had a great stay at Daniels place. The location is very convenient and Daniel was an excellent host. I would definitely recommend it! Stayed here for a few nights with my wife and I and we loved it. Loved the decoration & ambience in Daniels place. Its a small studio but had everything we needed — comfortable bed, functional kitchen, bathtub/shower, etc. Would definitely stay here again.	1
162	"Inez was a great host, very accommodating. Her place was great, super clean and close to the subway. A great place for couples or friends.  Inezs garden apartment was exactly what I needed for a weekend, close to the train, warm and inviting, spacious and comfortable. Inez was communicative and accommodating as a host especially given a last minute request to arrive earlier than expected. I will definitely be back next time I am in NY.  I cannot emphasize how wonderful this airbnb stay was. Inez was incredibly gracious, attentive and warm. And the apartment was wonderful! Fully equipped, clean, beautiful, and spacious. Once Inez checked us in we felt like we had complete privacy to relax. Ive stayed at dozens of Air BnBs in Brooklyn and this was my best experience by far. Highly recommended!  Ines was very sweet and welcoming. She very accommodating to our needs.  The place was great! I went to Brooklyn to visit a friend and the space was clean and within walking distance of subway, restraunts etc. Inez went out of her way to leave fruit, snacks and beverages for us. I enjoyed my stay and will definetly book again for my next trip to Brooklyn! Thanks again Inez! If you are looking for a place to stay in NY, you will not find anything better than Inezs house. She is a perfect hostess. Always attentive to the needs of its guests. Your home is close to the main subway line, plus it is fully equipped making the stay wonderful. Next to all the amenities of the neighborhood. The place that Inez offers is not just a home, but a true home in NY. We had an excellent welcome and loved staying at Inezs house. Ms. Inez is a very gracious host and shares a very clean and cute apartment. Very convenient to the A & C trains that can get you from Brooklyn to Manhattan in no time. We would definitely stay here again and probably will.  Inez was a great host and thanks to her we feelt like home. Her apartment  is nicely decorated and very clean. Inez left several food ingrediants which made a lot of difference as our flight arrived late night. Thanks Inez! We will be glad to meet again!   Inez is such a sweet host! Shes very communicative while giving you total privacy at the same time. Her apartment is lovely - spacious, well lit, equipped with plenty of basic amenities and supplies. Really soft, cozy bed too. Felt like five star treatment! Inezs little and cozy house with a beautiful garden was a great stay . I stayed with my mom and 2 kids, we enjoyed every minute spent in this house or garden. Host (Inez) was great, she met us on arrival and offered plenty of stuff including the food/snack, bathroom accessories (everything you can imagine you might need:)  and etc.  I would definately go back thanks to Inez! This spot should exceed some expectations! Very spacious, very comfortable and fully equipped. Inez was an amazing host! She made our stay so convenient we are planning another trip! Inez is a super good host. It was 2:30 am on the day we arrived. Inez gave us precise instructions for our check in, and in addition she actually kept awake and opened the door for us at 2:30 am which was super impressive!  In addition her house is exactly as described: super cute! It fit great for our family of 4.  Its about 10 mins walk from the nearest subway. There was a full kitchen, loaded with food and snacks. Inez was generous in letting us use the food as we pleased!   We cannot thank Inez for her letting her use her place, and for her fantastic hospitality! So many snacks! Great location in a beautiful neighborhood. Perfect for Brooklyn things if you dont need the quietest room. Loved my stay at Inezs beautiful apartment. This apartment is charming with a outdoor space that really lets you relax. The apartment was very clean and she even provided snacks and toiletries. The surrounding neighborhood also had a few eateries which we visited that were also very good. And this apartment had the advantage of being close to the train. It was very easy to get to Inez from JFK via Uber. Upon arrival, we got in the apartment within minutes via the front door lock box. We didnt get to meet Inez until Monday morning as we stepped out to start our NYC adventure. Still, everything was in perfect order as we stepped in the apartment. So many details - loved the TEA! Inez took good care of having some coffee, tea, some fruits, popcorn, chips and some cold drinks upon arrival for us! Transportation: the C train is really close to the apartment. Youll find the subway station next to the McDonalds to go downtown. (Use your GPS and walk around...) We got the MetroCard Unlimited pass for 7 days and used the Subway and busses all the time. Its about 30 to 35 minutes to Manhattan from Inezs place on the C train. We found a little trick to ""speed up"" our trip to Manhattan. If you go on the C train, Uptown to Utica Ave., then you can take the A train to Manhattan. The ""A"" train is an express train - itll save you about 10 minutes of stop and go. The neighborhood is great and there are several Delis and grocery stores within walking distance. Inez place was awesome after a whole day in the city. Quiet, comfy and relaxed. Inez was a gracious host who went above and beyond to make our stay comfortable.  Extras included plentiful snacks, toiletries, kids books and toys, and access to the back yard.  Inezs place is in a nice, walkable neighborhood with easy access to restaurants, stores, and transportation. Inez made us feel completely at home. We got in late and were able to let ourself in, so there is no need to worry about getting there. The place is perfect: super clean, fully equipped and cozy. On top of everything, there is lovely garden you can enjoy. A real catch in Bedstuy!! Inezs place is clean, well-appointed and fully stocked with everything you could need. Many thoughtful touches, great decor, and a wonderful backyard oasis! Thanks, Inez, for a great stay. Excellent host, outstanding place to stay with a lot of extras, we didnt even have to go to the supermarket as we already had everything we needed, very flexible with our requests, totally recommended! Inez is a wonderful host! She graciously allowed us to check in early after our red-eye flight, as well as check out later to catch our evening flight home. The apartment was super clean, spacious, and well stocked of toiletries and snacks for us! The apartment is a short walk from a subway station that goes right to manhattan so the trip into the city was easy! Great access to subway and manhattan.  Stores and restaurants close by.  Inez was available when we needed help. Lappartement dInes est tres agréable , propre , bien situé . Nous avons passé un excellent séjour , Ines est à lecoute et tres disponible . Nous recommandons cette location pour visiter New York Inezs place is great. Very close to A train. Lots of great restaurants nearby. Would definitely stay there again. Great back yard.   Inez is very quick to respond. We really enjoyed our stay! Nous avons été enchanté et ravis par l’appartement et l’accueil d’Inez. Nous sommes un couple et sommes arrivés tard de Montréal mais Inez a su nous accueillir malgré l’heure tardive. L’appartement était très confortable, propre et cosy. Nous nous sommes vraiment sentis comme à la maison. Inez a su nous fournir vraiment tout le nécessaire plus quelques petites attentions vraiment très apprécié. L’appartement est idéalement placé entre plein de petits restaurants et le métro est à quelques minutes de marche pour se déplacer partout dans brooklyn et se rendre sur Manhattan. Nous allons garder cette adresse tres précieusement et je vous la conseille grandement ! La véranda et le petit jardin sont parfait pour prendre un bon café ou thé au soleil. Merci encore à Inez pour ce merveilleux accueil qui a rendu notre week-end encore plus agréable ! Great host, great apartment! This home is just as pictured AND MORE!!! Clean, comfy, home away from home!  Inez was very responsive and a thoughtful host. The location was ideal: restaurants, grocery, even a wine store all within walking distance. I highly recommend this home for a short stay or extended stay. You wont be disappointed! Cétait super ! Appartement très propre, fonctionnel et nickel. Ce que nous avons le plus apprécié : notre hôte Inez. Elle nous avait tous prévu : boisson, nourriture de base, produits de beauté élémentaire et serviette... Vous pouvez y aller lesprit tranquille les mains dans les poches. vous serez accueilli très agréablement. Transport fonctionnel et quartier typique de Brooklyn. Inez is a very thoughtful host! The place was very beautiful, clean and comfortable. Totally recommend it! Inezs apartment is fantastic! So clean, comfy and with so many thoughtful & generous touches. Im a big fan of the area & always stay here when visiting NYC as it has character & local bars, restaurants & shops but is really convenient for Manhattan. I really hope to able to book this apartment again & very highly recommend it. Check in and check out was easy! The place looks exactly like the pictures and even had snacks and extra toiletries. I’ll definitely stay again when I visit NY again Great stay in Brooklyn with Inez. She lives upstairs and after check in was easy to reach. Apartment was Cozy, clean and full of extra amenities like soap and shampoo. My favorite was the mud room walk out to the outdoor back patio, gorgeous! Would stay here again. This apartment was spotless clean, in a great location, and stocked full of everything we needed (snacks, drinks, toiletries). We will definitely come back! Thank you Inez, for the hospitality. Our first trip to Brooklyn was truly amazing because we had a great place to come back to. Best host ever! I would love to come back next time and will definitely recommend to friends and families! First off, Inez is a wonderful hostess. She made herself available and was very prompt in her responses. A great way to be re-introduced to Bed Stuy.  The space is exactly what you see on this site and it is gorgeous. The kitchen area was my favorite as it encased a lovely dishwasher, cute plates/cups and everything else one would need to start cooking. There werent too many things that I needed there, as the place was equipped with everything from bathroom essentials to condiments in the kitchen cabinets.  I highly recommend this place. Great host. Great location."	1
163	"It’s a very nice apartment and the people in the building are nice and kind Vlads place was great, and the location is super convenient to get into midtown. The place was clean, in a nice part of town, and very comfortable. Would definitely recommend to people who want to stay in Manhattan! Vlad was a very expedient and communicative host. His place is neat and spacious, with a large living room and full kitchen. The building is quiet, clean, and secure, with elevator access if needed. Location is prime with easy access to th (Website hidden by Airbnb) 10 minute drive to Harlem. Would recommend this spot for anyone looking to spend a night or two in Manhattan and plan on spending most of their trip in the city. Vlads place is exactly as pictures.  A very nice place right in The heart of the Ft. Washington area.  There are fantastic restaurants around and very close to the subway.  An A+ stay! Building is safe and well kept and its a plus to be near the A train. The apartment was clean and spacious for two people. Vlad was very communicative. He made sure our arrangements went smoothly. His apartment was right next to the subway stop. It was warm and had all the basics and kept it simple with decor. Overall great stay and outstanding value. We loved staying at Vlads apartment for our New Years trip! Having a full kitchen saved us a boatload of money. The apartment is half a block from the A Line train, and also half a block from at least 3 small grocery stores. We could get anything we needed with just a few minutes walk. Its about a 30 minute train ride to downtown. The place is clean, safe, and so nice to come ""home"" to! The radiator in the bedroom is loud, so consider earplugs or a white noise app on your phone, but otherwise its a perfect place to stay! Great stay.  Vlad was very responsive.  The apartment was simple, and exactly what we wanted for a short and affordable stay.  Thank you very much! Great stay, clean place, no surprises. Recommended."	1
164	Alex was a good host. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Alex fue un anfitrión increíble, estuvo siempre a disposición y me espero el día de arribo hasta un horario muy tarde por retraso del vuelo, un genio. Gracias por haber hecho mejor mi estadía Alex is a really good guy. Hes also really helpful and if you have any problems with your room or something connected with your reservation hell definitely help you.  My first AirBnB stay was with Alex, it was a great first time experience. Alex met me on time, the home is in a great safe neighborhood in Queens. He even took me out to an all you can eat sushi restaurant my first night. Alex is also very cool doesnt mind if you bring guest over as long as you give him a heads up. There are lots of different culture shops/trains/public transportation that run in the area close to the home. 6 miles from Time Square 20 min train ride. This price was a steal hotels/motels in the area were $90+ a night. The plus sides are I got to stay in a New York style home, Alex is gone all day working, clean bathroom and beer in the fridge. I will definitely book a stay here again when Im in NYC! He didnt. Alex was GREAT, waited for me late, helped with bags too, highly recommended!!!	0
165	The reservation was canceled the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. I really enoyed staying in this room. The bedroom is big, with drawers and closet space for my clothes, and the memory foam bed is really comfortable. Curtis was very responsive and even agreed to come let me in after midnight as my flight arrived late in the evening. The room mate Hayder is very friendly and chatty so there was a very good atmosphere in the apartment.  This apartment is not luxurious but you get what you see in the photos. Its a 3 minute walk to the 1 train and close to lots of other subway lines too, so it was very easy to get around NYC from here.  The area is mainly Dominican. Its not fancy but I never felt unsafe.  It is a really big and nice room. The house mate is awesome. He showed me a lot new stuff in NY. The Aparment is really close to the 1 train so you can go very easy downtown. The room is OK, but the apartment is very dirty and in disrepair. Lee wasnt staying there during my visit, so it was unclear who was supposed to be cleaning, etc. The trash can was overflowing and I took it out during my stay. The other guests were smoking and the apartment smells strongly of cigarette (and other) smoke. Lee foi muito gentil, quando chegamos ele estava tendo certeza de que tudo na casa estivesse funcionando. O bairro é latino, muitas conveniencias perto, mercado fica duas quadras de distancia, 5 minutos dos trens 7, A, B, D. N me senti muito seguro no bairro a noite, mas n tive problemas. Sempre havia carros de policia na rua.  O quarto é grande, muito espaçoso e confortavel, n tivemos o que reclamar. Tudo foi muito bem organizado. Obrigado Lee The neighbourhood was amazing..  Harlem was awesome and turned out to be one of the best places in Manhattan. Lee was great, very accommodating and relaxed.     Bed was comfortable and the room was bigger then expected :) Basically it was great and would come back if I am ever in New York.     Really close to subway and nice funky bars near by. Also for anyone who loves Yoga there are soo many affordable options for Yoga near by.     Lee is a great host, always available to help you. I love the neighbourhood, people are very friendly, you have good food around and music and dominoes in the street has its charm. The room itself has nothing fancy, but its spacious, full of light and clean. I enjoyed my stay of two months, couldnt hope for any better, also the street is very safe even very late into the night. In one word, perfect! I have initially booked 30 days at Lees place, I only spent 1 night then had to cancel to go to a better room elsewhere since I wasnt satisfied with the room. I was only refunded half the amount I paid, so I ended up spending $600 for 1 night. Couldve spent it at the 4 seasons.	0
166	"It is a good place to stay in NYC. Neumi is really nice and helpful. We feel very welcomed here. The public transportation is super convenient. It was a great experience to stay in Neumi  s place. She is so kind and friendly.. she suggested us really good restaurants in the city. The room is very comfortable and clean and the apartment is in a good location close to the subway. We highly recommend Neumis s place and we would stay there again We enjoyed our stay. Host is extremely accommodating and knowledgeable about the area. Would gladly stay here again  Our stay with Neumi was amazing. The apartment was always kept nice and clean and we were very welcomed.  The room is spacious and comfortable. The area felt safe and was just around the corner from the subway (10 mins to Times Square!)  We would definitely recommend to anyone and would happily stay again. Super happy with our stay! Neumi is an extremely kind and welcoming host. She was happy to tell us about the neighborhood when we had questions and otherwise let us do our own thing (which we appreciated). The place is exactly as pictured- which is awesome! The only heads-up I would give to potential visitors is that the bed is pretty firm, and if you prefer something more soft then consider bring your own blankets for cushion!  Neumi was a great host! She was very accommodating when we could not arrive until late at night. Her apartment was spacious and a two minute walk from the metro. She was kind and answered all of our questions immediately. We would definitely stay at her place again! During the time spent in NY, Neumi was reachable via airbnb but not on the phone. She was helpful when asked. Most probably because of the time, it was the July 4th weekend, we didnt have chance to meet her. However,  she had organized to leave the key in the deli closeby. The apartment is indeed close to the subway and it was nice. We had troubles only in the evenings as the area doesnt really feel safe. So we had to take a cab every evening which increased the overall costs. The WiFi works perfectly,  we had been provided towels which we didnt use but still was a nice gesture. The cleanness wasnt greatest but it was okay. This was our first AirBnB experience.  We did not meet the host, only her apartment mate.  She was very pleasant.  While the apartment was conveniently located as described, it is a 5th floor walk-up and there is no airconditioning in the stairwell or common area.   We were fortunate to find a parking place directly in front of the unit the day we arrived.  If we hadnt, I dont know that we would have found parking elsewhere, as it is very scarce, and garage parking is a fortune.  The apartment itself is not air conditioned.  Leaving the bedroom, it was very warm.  There was a window air conditioner in our bedroom which worked well, but it was not properly fitted to the window and bugs, including flies, were present in our room as a result.  The mattress was sitting directly on the floor.  It was a lumpy, springy, old mess.  I placed a yoga mat on top in attempt to make it comfortable.  There was no blanket on the bed.  I am glad we brought our own pillows, because we would not have used the ones that were provided.  There was a single, bare light bulb hanging from the ceiling as our only light fixture.  I believe the bedroom was clearly used by another occupant of the apartment, and it did not feel inviting at all.   There were no window shades or coverings of any kind on the two bedroom windows that faced the street.  I wont get into the bathroom or bathtub, and you shouldnt either, unless you have flipflops.  The water backed up from the drain and it was gross.  You certainly get what you pay for, and while this apartment was very inexpensive, at the same time, it was below the standard I was expecting.  After leaving NY City we had two additional Airbnb reservations, both of which exceeded our expectations, were incredible, clean and accomodating.  Neumis place would be good for a college student who really just doesnt care.       I felt welcomed and safe the entire time that I was at this location. I would definitely recommend it to any traveler needing a place to stay.   The place was at the uptown area of New York. It should be convenient because there is a train station nearby, but when we got on the subway, it was on limited weekend service and we had to take a shuttle bus to get there. Naumi was helpful when we texted her to ask her questions and she responded quickly. She was back to Norway so she left the key at the deli, so it took extra work to get the key.the room is neat but hot, and the AC didnt work well. The sheet was fold well, but there are some dirt on it. At first we thought the neighbour is not safe because the street is not clean and some people are playing motorcycle on it, but when Naumis roommate came back she told us that neighbour people is good that they wont do crazy things. The price is cheap of course, so the room is matching my expectation. My friend and I stayed at Neumis apartment while were in town. We got the key from the deli and went straight to the apt to rest. Its in fifth floor so be ready to carry your luggage. The room is all ready and there are fresh towels that were provided to us. The subway station is also close to the apartment so we went to several places quickly. Times Square is also close. Neumi told us that their location is an urban area so we expected to see a lot of people, even at nights. We felt safe for the most part as most of the people we met are nice. Its also convenient to have grocery stores around. I havent met Neumi but she was very responsive to all of our questions even though shes in Norway. I met her roommate and shes as nice and very helpful as Neumi. :) They kept on checking on us to see if theres anything we need. All in all we had a good experience while we stayed at Neumis apt. The convenience of the location helped us go around Manhattan more.  We had a fantastic time in NYC. Apartment is very close to subway lines 2 & 3 making every part of the city accessible and convenient to reach. Location is Harlem & we feel safe walking day and night time. Nearby 24 hour deli serves as an extended pantry. Neumi was very much reachable, helpful, and Nicole (her housemate) as well. Just some things to note: 1. Bathroom is shared with 2 other people. 2. Apartment is in 5th floor. No lift. Be ready for a workout. Overall, good value. If youre looking for a place to sleep and will be out the entire day, this place fits the bill. Neumi was really friendly and easy to get in touch with via the messaging service on the Airbnb app and responded promptly. Given she was in Sweden throughout our stay and there would have been a time difference this was much appreciated. Neumis flatmate was also really welcoming and made sure we had everything we needed.     The apartment is just as shown in the pictures and was clean and tidy.    It is worth noting that the apartment is on the 5th floor and there is no lift. Also, the bed is a base and mattress on the floor - just as shown in the pictures. As others mention in their reviews, you can feel the springs through the mattress but we used an extra blanket to resolve this slightly.      With regards to the neighbourhood, Harlem was just as we expected. Again, as others mention in their reviews, there were groups of people hanging about in the street but this was at any time of the day, not just at night and we never felt unsafe or intimidated.     There is an air conditioning unit in the room which worked really well but is a little noisy if you are sensitive to noise - we got used to it - but there is no AC in the rest of the apartment so it can be a little uncomfortable.    I think the adage ""you get what you pay for"" is very true here. The apartment reflects the affordable price and was perfect for what we wanted and expected.  Neumi and her flat mate Nicole were lovely girls, very welcoming, friendly and helpful. They had just moved into a different flat from the one which was photographed. Neumi emailed me the new address 2 days before we were to due to arrive at what we thought wed booked, without any explanation, which greatly concerned me. However the new flat was clean and had the bonus of being on the 1st floor instead of the 5th floor. The area felt quite safe and friendly and easy walking distance to transport and shops. It also had a washer dryer and 2 bathrooms. Neumi had arrived back earlier than expected so she gave us her room with the ensuite bathroom and she shared Nicoles bed. Halfway through our 6 night stay Neumi asked us to move into Nicoles room, (Nicole went to stay elsewhere) as workmen were coming to work in Neumis room. It turned out that she had a friend who came to stay with her there instead! The kitchen area was small and the sitting area used as storage space with nowhere to sit down. When a new couch arrived it came without a cover, so we couldnt use it. We like to eat in but there was no table to sit at, so we had to eat out meals in the bedroom perched on our bed, with plates balanced on small white chopping boards, which was quite difficult. The flat set up would be okay for young backpackers but was not very suitable for an older couple like us."	1
167	Trés bon séjour chez Sergio, lappartement est super bien situé entre soho little italy et chinatown, à deux pas de broadway pour le shopping. La résidence est magnifique, le seul inconvénient pourrait etre quil est au 5éme etage sans ascenseur donc pas facile avec les bagages. Je le recommande! awesome place in the best area of new york. highly recommended The host canceled this reservation 80 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 56 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Sergio was a great host. Very quick to answer any queries.Soho is a marvellous district, much recommended. All ameneties in a well presented clean apartment. Sergios flat is very nice, sunny and very well located in the city.  Sergio is nice and reactive. Bad point: Basic cleanliness is missing. Bed sheets and bathroom were dirty. Cover for the second bed was missing. We have had to buy our own sheets and a cover. The host canceled this reservation 17 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	0
168	Marias place was fantastic. It was very clean, spacious, light and bright, comfortable, plenty of room for our family of four, and conveniently located. It was just blocks from the subway, and there was a small convenience store right on the corner. Maria was excellent with communicating and even contacted us to make sure everything was okay after our check-in. Finding the apartment was very easy, and it was exactly what we were hoping for (and more!) We would definitely stay here again the next time were heading to NYC. Very enjoyable!  Квартира чистая, только после ремонта. Есть все необходимое: оборудованная кухня, принадлежности для душа. Душ-джакузи очень классный) В целом район очень приятный - малоэтажные строения, недалеко метро, большой супермаркет, есть небольшие круглосуточне магазинчики. До Манхэттана можно дойти пешком за 15 минут через мост. Единственное - не очень большой выбор направлений метро.  Мы встретились с Марией только перед самым отъездом, но на протяжении всей поездки постоянно были на связи - Мария отвечала на все наши вопросы, помогала в бытовых и прочих вопросах. Maria was extremely communicative and was very hospitable! Check-in was easy, the apartment had all the basics, and was just as nice (or even better) than described. Highly recommended! The place was great and just like in the pictures. It is spacious, very well equipped and was spotless on our arrival. The neighbourhood is one of my favourites in New York with a lot of shops, bars, restaurants, the metro station (G train) just a few blocks away and a NYC Ferry (fka East River Ferry) station even a bit nearer. We never met Maria and/or Mike, but she was really quick on replies, helpful and flexible about us checking out.  If you are not a heavy sleeper you should consider bringing earplugs with you. The street is very quiet, but the house seems to have poor sound insulation and we could hear a lot of walking noises coming from the apartment above and the hallway. Also, there was a little party/get-together with loud music playing, starting on Sunday morning/night at 4:30 am and going to around 8 am in the backyard, so right in front of the bedroom window - that was a night spent kept awake, corrupting the following day. If you are (a) heavy sleeper(s), we can absolutely recommend staying here.  We had a great stay at Marias! The place is super cute and charming.  Maria was the perfect host.  She got back to us immediately when we had any questions.  The apartment was good size, very clean, and had modern kitchen appliances.  The bathroom is quite small but had everything you would need.  It looked new. The location is great..close to subway, ferry, lots of good restaurants.  We felt at home and would definitely want to stay there again.    It was the second time that we stayed at Marias.  The apartment is very well located, in a quiet neighbourhood and very close to the metro station. I warmly recommend it!  Maria was incredibly responsive to all our questions and comments. Her place is PERFECT for a couple or small family. It was exactly as described... close to the G train and easy for me to get into the city for work, but equally as convenient for my wife to venture out into the city when she wanted, stay in the apartment to work or just take a walk. Now that my company office is in Manhattan, I/we will ABSOLUTELY be back to Marias place (if we can find availability!) A beautiful apartment and super responsive host. However, to no fault of hers, the basement nature of the apartment is extremely loud due to early morning crying children and in the late evening children running on the floor above.  The location of the apartment was great. Neighborhood was quiet and family friendly. In addition, the location was  walkable to shops, restaurants, park and ferry. The hosts were responsive and took care of all our needs. The apartment came with everything: kitchen - utensils, dinnerware, cookware; bathroom - towels, shampoo, conditioner, hair dryer; bedroom: sheets, extra blankets and pillows, etc... We enjoyed our stay and would definitely come back again. :) Ben Fornito di tutto. Comodo ai mezzi e zona tranquilla ideale per chi viaggia in famiglia. The apartment is well equiped in a lovely borough. Subway station is really close (2 minutes walking) and you will be at Manhattan in 25min. Decoration is good, we felt like home. The check in/out is really easy and its a real advantage. The phonic insulation is not so good, you can hear people living upstairs. We really enjoyed our stay by the way.  The flat was perfect for our stay! Its a beautiful little gem on a relatively quiet street. Plus, Mike and Maria offered some great tips on pizza and cocktail spots right around the area that were clutch while we were there. Beautiful home in the middle of greenpoint. Walkable to many delicious restaurants and very close to the G train. The kitchen was well stocked and everything was clean. footsteps can be somewhat loud at times but totally understandable and they never really were an issue. Overall highly recommend  Very responsive to emails, let me book almost 2 months in advance, very clean, flexible, great location close to Franklin St Nice apartment, very clean and cozy. Location is great for both, ferry and subway to Manhattan. The apartment has everything you need and lovely hosts also left an adapter and a kitchen full of cookware. The only downside are the above neighbors as you can hear them too clear early in the morning, but well, nothing you or hosts can do.  Positive experience overall! Marias place was an absolute gem! Located one the beautiful streets of Greenpoint, it is hard to beat. It is just a couple minutes walk to Transmitter park which is my favourite park for the view of Mahattan and also close to Mahattan ave / Franklin ave for all the groceries, bars, restaurants and more! The house was beautifully decorated (the nautical bathroom was great!) and had all the amenities you needed and more! It is located on the ground/basement floor and yet it gets lots of light and still stays fresh during the summer. The apartment felt spacious and was comfortable to relax, sleep and cook. My family had a great time staying at Marias place and we look forward staying here in the future!! Wohnung und Viertel sind ein idealer Ausgangspunkt um New York kennenzulernen. U-Bahn und Fähre in direkter Nähe, im Viertel gibt e viele nette Lokale und Läden. Very hospitable. Marias was great!  It was spacious, clean, comfortable, updated and in a perfect location.   I hope we will be back in Greenpoint soon and will be able stay at Marias again. Very clean & close to the subway, which was convenient for our trip. We didnt have any issues. Great quiet spot with easy access to the G train to mid town Manhattan. Top new bathroom with fantastic shower! Just what very traveler will need! Courteous and helpful - Maria and Michael. Dee and Tom, from Massachusetts. Der Aufenthalt bei Maria war super. Alles genau so wie in der Anzeige. Sauber, gemütlich und eine gute Lage. Jederzeit wieder! This apartment is as it looks in the pictures. It is clean and ideal for two people who need somewhere to stay. Its in a nice location with easy subway access into Manhattan.   The only issue I had at this apartment was noise. My friend and I stayed there for three nights and did not get much sleep. I would not recommend it to anyone looking for a relaxing stay as this noise really did make our stay hard to enjoy. Everything really great and we highly recommend. Do be aware of noise from neighbors above with kids in morning. Some may tolerate that piece better than others. Marias apartment was comfortable, clean, and situated in a nice part of Brooklyn. The space felt very modern and updated with nice appliances and decor overall. Her communication was excellent- she even recommended some delicious food options nearby! Highly recommend. Photos are absolutely true to space. The location is fantastic. We loved everything about the apartment and about Greenpoint. Will definitely return! Excellent place! Great location, very accommodating. Marias apartment was lovely, even nicer than in the photos. We especially loved the location in a lovely neighbourhood, with lots of nice bars and restaurants to sample, but also very close to the subway so getting into the city was a breeze. The noise from the apartment above isnt constant but it is loud, earplugs are a must! As long as you remember those you will have a great stay here. Beautiful apartment in nice neighbourhood. Very clean and next to the ferry going to Manhattan. Unfortunately quite loud between 7 am and 8:30 am due to a kid playing in the apartment above (very thin walls). Lovely place, well located and Maria is a great host. Really enjoyed our stay. Great place in the heart of Greenpoint. Easy to get to the subway or the ferry and great for travelers or people looking to get a feel of the local scene. Such a well-decorated place and super spacious. Would definitely recommend to a friend! Wonderful appartment in a nice neighborhood. The east river ferry is close, the shops, the bakery, subway.. Everything is close... Really a good experience. Still it can be very noisy at night Maria’s place is impeccable! Her apartment looks even more spacious and neat in person and she had nice modern kitchen utensils as well as variety of spices to cook :) It’s one street away from cool restaurants and it’s walkable to the riverside to look over the city. The only thing is the house’s insulation is poor so you might hear upstair neighbor’s walking. Maria’s place was absolutely wonderful! The apartment itself was spacious, clean and wonderfully decorated - perfect for me and 3 of my friends. It was great having our own entrance. Maria was very hospitable and replied to any questions we had quickly.  Greenpoint itself is a fantastic neighbourhood, and the apartment is situated perfectly - less than a 5 minute walk to the subway (a 35 minute ride into midtown if you transfer a couple of times), a laundromat at the end of the block, a Bodega practically next door, and plenty of restaurants, bakeries and shops and coffee places surrounding. The ferry was also a great way to get into the city, and took next to no time. We met many friendly people around Greenpoint as well, and it was lovely to see it decorated for Christmas! The comments about the noise are true, and you do have to be conscientious about being quiet, but I think it’s a small price to pay for this place, and certainly a manageable one.  Would definitely return to Maria’s place! Wir hatten einen super Aufenthalt in Marias Apartment. Alles war genau so, wie in der Anzeige beschrieben. Die kleine Wohnung ist gemütlich und man fühlt sich sehr heimisch. Die Lage war für uns perfekt. Greenpoint ist ein ziemlich hipper Stadtteil in Brooklyn. Williamsburg mit seinen Bars und Restaurants ist nur ein paar Gehminuten entfernt. Subway und Fähre nach Brooklyn sind in nächster Nähe. Check-in und Kommunikation mit Maria waren unkompliziert. Wir konnten am Abreisetag auch unsere Koffer lagern. Alles super! Der einzige Nachteil: Das Haus ist sehr hellhörig und die Kinder in der Etage über der Wohnung schreien sehr gerne früh morgens und rennen durch die Zimmer. Ansonsten haben wir uns sehr wohlgefühlt und würden die Wohnung definitiv weiterempfehlen. Marias place was so great! I had my family with me from out of town, and they also enjoyed the apartment. Greenpoint is such a fun neighborhood, with the city close, but a nice quiet spot for a retreat. The apartment was very clean, and bigger than the pictures. Maria is such a great host! Thank you so much! Marias apartment overall is pretty nice, and looks exactly like on the pictures.   We were there during a really cold time (up to -12°C/6°F) so its probably better when its warmer outside. The thing is that the shower drain pipe froze when it was not in use, so while it defrosted with the warm water of the shower, it always half-flooded the entire bathroom. Also, the rooms were quite cold during the night, we had to use all the blankets that were stored in the closet and some nights even added our scarfs or long underwear.  Furthermore the walls are so thin in the apartment that we could hear the above tenants walk/run around and could even understand words that they were saying. For a short stay Im sure its not bothersome, but after a week it was quite a lot to take in. Again, this might be biased since it was around Christmas/NYE where everyone tends to be at home.  The Check-in was very easy and convenient and the Subway is not far away from the apartment. It takes about 25minutes to get to downtown NY. My favorite air bnb yet. The apartment was really cute, and the location was beyond perfect.	1
169	The apartment is beautiful and fun to live in. The bedrooms are spacious and there is much closet space. We had everything we need and Juliana was very responsive with every request we had.  The neighborhood is fun and the apartment is close to the subway station. Everything that you need is found within a block or two from the apartment.  Quiet appartment facing small backyard. Good beds, great shower and well equipped kitchen. Basically furnished, somewhat dark living room. We had a wonderful time! Juliana was very helpful and responded to our needs very quickly. What we liked about the apartment was the closets and dresser draw space. Kitchen small but adequate. Cookware was poor for breakfast.  Bathroom plumbing was noisey. Apple TV was limiting.  Linens and pillows were musty.  THE BIGGEST PITFALL WAS THE STREET NOISE AND TRUCK TRAFFIC. DIfficult to,  sleep. Very nice apartment, Just what we needed.. Very clean, nice furnitures, lots of closet space. Juliana helped when ever we needed, on Thanksgiving she suprised us with bottle of chardonnay:) amazing location! The stay was lovely! The apartment gave me a real sense of NYC living. The management was very responsive and helpful. The location was just far enough from the heavy tourist areas, but close enough to walk to Times Square, Central Park, & Rockefeller Plaza. The apartment was spacious. The beds were very comfortable. I felt very safe in the area and building. It was the perfect fit for me during my 40 night stay! I would recommend to anyone to rent from Juliana! Thanks for such a cozy and comfortable stay!  Good location for  shopping and Central Park.  However,  the apartment was quite dated and  noisy because of its proximity to a night club and restaurant, the poor quality of the double glazing and the  noise coming from central heating system.  The  windows in one of the bedrooms was not sealed properly which made it extremely cold.	0
170	"I really enjoyed my stay at Majar 2 Royster he responded right away to my confirmation and had no issue setting up a time to pick up the keys, my room had its own individual lock for security.  They were really nice and made me feel welcome and as if I was apart of the family.  The place was really spacious with tons closet and drawer space.  The location is around 4 major train lines and the bus line is less than a block away.  Most important I felt safe.  I look forward to visiting again!  Thanks for everything....  Majar was an exceptional host. I had an issue with the bed, it actually broke.. But I was immediately moved to another room. I think it had to do with the legs on the bed, either way that didnt bother me because he resolved it ASAP . I came and went as I pleased, it was during a winter storm so the walk to the train kindve sucked because a lot of car companies dont go by the area apparently. Other than that, i had a great stay, loved the fact I had cable and the beds are actually very comfortable! Would recommend to many! Thank you Majar!  & please thank the nice lady who hosts as well !! The stay was great! The service was second to none and Majar response to all my inquiries was fast and prompt. The room was like I had seen in the pictures...clean, nice, and beautiful. I recommend this room to anybody that is looking for a decent stay in New York, thank you Majar for you generous hospitality.  Friendly host, comfortable house and very closed the subway station. Dear Majar,     Meaghan and I would like to say thank you for everything, it was lovely to stay in your home. New Yorkers are the Greatest I  have never seen people work so hard and try so hard to please     All the best From Helen Byres on Vancouver Island !!!!!   The hosting:  Majar was fantastic and cannot be faulted - he responds instantly at all times, he is very friendly and accessible.  Majar wasnt staying in the apartment/house, but his family was.  Majar dropped in and took the trouble to ensure I was ok and hooked up to the internet and everything, even though hed went over that with my partner already the previous evening (I arrived much later in the night), so I felt totally taken care of by the host.  His family are lovely!  There are no interruptions, but they are there if you need them and extremely friendly.  Theyre not false, but genuinely warm people.  In short, they are trustworthy, contactable and reliable - good people.  I recommend them highly.    The housing - this room is precisely as photos indicate, which demonstrates the integrity of the hosts.  There is ample closet and drawer space and it was clean.  It was a perfect thought from the hosts that there were clean towels, facecloths, and a bag filled of new travel size toiletries left for us, just like a hotel!  The bed is a lovely sleigh bed and comfy mattress.  There is a TV with loads of cable channels.  Internet is good speed.  There are basic necessary utensils in the kitchen so you dont constantly have to dine out.  The shower has good pressure and the bathroom was clean and kept clean by hosts.  You wont get bothered or disturbed in the property by anyone, but there are other people so you have company if needed.  There is also lots of info left (such as dinner menus, maps, shows) in your room to help orientate you.    The area - When I was on my own as a female, I found it more comfortable walking to the C train stop (theres a few trains nearby).  Having said that, I never had any problems, this is more of a surface perception/comfort thing.  Theres ample transport nearby.  Also the C is good because you can transfer to an express train at broadway junction and be in manhattan super fast.  The area is actually surprisingly quiet, we often came home in the evening and were pleasantly amazed at this, because other areas we know in nyc are so much noisier at night.  You can totally rest up here.    For price/comfort/hosting I give this 10/10.  Thank you Majar! Weve spent a wonderful time at Majars place. He was very kind and flexible,and when we had a problem, he solved immediately. For example the first few days the room happened to be really hot, so he brought us an air-conditioner :-) The apartement is really close to the subway station, Manhattan can be reached in 30-45 minutes (depends on where you go). I can recommend it to anyone for whom being in the center is not a priority, but wants a friendly and quiet place to stay. We booked for 5 nights but ended up with 1 night only. The room we had is not the same we see on the picture, its not bad but has very very strong smell at the moment we stepped into the room. We contacted Majar for the issue and he responded quickly to try to get rid of the smell, but unfortunately it didnt work.  Also, we dont feel very confortable to stay in this neighbourhood. 黑人聚集的社区,罕见白人和黄种人,珍爱生命,远离此地。  Majar and his family were the most welcoming of hosts Ive had thus far. We dealt mostly with Mark, whom truly went out of his way to make us feel safe and comfortable. We stayed here because we were relocating from out of state and needed a ""home base"" for a week. At one point we were not sure our permanent housing plans were going to go through and Mark took it upon himself to find another option for us in the mean time. He didnt have to do that,...but thats what a family member would do.  The room was nice and quiet with real wood furniture and secure internet, none of that cheap plastic furniture or wifi- hotspot cell phone internet like Ive had at other places. These are the little things that make for a nice relaxing stay, and Majars place has it. The difference is in the details. My partner and I felt safe, comfortable, and welcome during our entire stay. Mark is a sweet, attentive host, eager to dispense advice and willing to familiarize you with his neighborhood. Our room and the common areas we shared with other guests were as clean and convenient as those in any hotel. I highly recommend this friendly, affordable stay in Brooklyn.   Mark, who welcomed us on arrival and took care of us during our stay, was very friendly and helpful, and keen on making everything work smoothly. The place was clean and it was so convenient to be able to leave the car in the driveway. Air conditioning working fine in the room, life changing during the summer :-) The only downside of the place was its location, about an hour from Manhattanwith the metro, and you have to change line. But overall a very pleasant stay, especially for the price! The room is very nice and looks like the pictures! There is wifi,kitchen and nice bathroom. All rooms are Air bnb rooms which is good. It took as about 45 min in MTA to Manhattan. We been there 3 days and we enjoyd.  As promised, staying here is like being at home. The premises are humble, clean and most of all safe. The family that received me were very friendly and kind. They even purchased a brand new set of cookware to accommodate me. I didnt ask them to but the gesture meant a lot to me. I would definitely stay here again. The price is superb for the quality.  Overall great expirience. To start with Majar, without our request, send us very detailed and easy to follow instructions on how to get from the airport to his place. We had problems with our internet so he explained it to us on the phone again and send it to a different number as well afterwards.  With the instructions we had no problems finding his place which is in the middle of a residential area in Brooklyn. If you are aware of the fact that Brooklyn is not Manhatten than it is absolutly perfect. It is only a 30min Train ride to Manhatten (10 min walk to the station).  We wanted to see another natural side of New York as well and thats what we got. It is different but in no way less friendly or amazing.  We do not regret the desicion to stay outside the center.  The place itself is more than you can ask for at that rate. Everything is very clean (and cleaned regulary), the bed was very comfi (all sheets are exchanged after every guest), there was enough storage, the bathroom is small and not new but  everything is clean and works as supposed.  We did not use the kitchen but there was a big frigde and others who used the kitchen while we where there had no complains.   Keys are provided and we could come and go as we wanted.  On top and as already mentioned at the beginning Majar is a great friendly guy who provides information and help way beyond the usual.  We would definetely book Majars place again! Love Brooklyn, NY.   Majar and Chandra were both very polite and helpful on the phone and through email. Rita was lovely and welcoming when I arrived close to midnight. The room was clean as were the common areas and I could hear a pin drop. Quiet neighborhood.  I would say my stay with Majar was well worth what I paid. The room was exactly as it appeared in the pictures. The room I stayed in was very clean and so was the bathroom. The bed was pretty comfortable. There was an air conditioner in the room as well which was really nice. There was also bottled water available in the common area which I was extremely grateful for. Although I didnt interact with Majar very much at all (I came and went at rather odd times) , he was very helpful, courteous, and gave me great directions when I asked for them. He was very accommodating, especially considering I booked the room very last minute (day before my stay). Its also extremely close to several subway stops. All in all a good experience, I would (and probably will next time Im in Brooklyn) stay here again.  Our experience of New York City was fantastic and all the better when you have such amazing hosts and a really comfortable bed to come back to. The room was great, all kinds of guides, information, air conditioning and even satellite TV. It was very private and cozy with your very own kitchen, dining room and bathroom. When we arrived we were met by the manager Marc who was extremely helpful with directions and any information we needed and upon arrival his kindness really made us feel at home like we were family. Majar greeted us the next day to make sure we were comfortable and content and again we felt very welcomed. We highly recommend you stay there! Had a good time in brooklyn staying at Majars! Very close to train station and very private room with wifi. The care taker was very helpful and gave se good tips to travel around easily. Would go back for sure!  Marcus was the guy who welcomed us to the apartment. A great/genuine guy who goes out of his way to help and provide advice. Room is as described in the details. Majar was in direct contact always through emails and SMS. The apartment has everything you need to prepare and cook food while you are there. Very warm which is now needed due to the New York weather. Close to subway/4min walk. 45-55 mins to midtown Manhattan. Area is ok, had no real problems and I was with my girlfriend who always felt safe. I would recommend a stay here as its no hassle to get into the city, its clean, warm and comfortable. I can also safely say due to Marcus and how he is, I would come back.  Just great!  Thank you!!! We had a great time at Majars place. It is near two train stations and bus stops. There are some groceries nearby. Most importantly, he made us feel at home! He was very thoughtful about everything.  This is truly home away from home! The apartment and the room are nicely decorated and clean. Although I met Majar the day I was leaving (due to different schedule), he always checked on me to make sure everything was going smoothly. And Rita who  welcomed me upon arrival was very lovely. Overall I loved my stayed at Majars and would highly recommend it.   Cheer Majar and his family totally rock--We showed up really late --like 11pm--and instead of being grumpy pants, the lady found out we were hungry and gave us bagels!  Great people and a nice warm quiet room Very clean. Located near the train making it easy to get around town. My girlfriend enjoyed being able to have a coffee in the morning. Would recommend to everyone. Really enjoyed my stay.  Majar and his family were very kind and accommodating.  Though, its fairly far from Manhattan.  Count on about an hour if youre heading into the city. Majar and his Aunt Rita are great. Our room was spacious and comfortable. It was nice and close to the train, but not so close that you heard the train. It was just under an hour into Manhattan. Check-in and out were smooth sailing. All in all good value for the money.   Majar place was great! I stayed here for a month and it helped me to get my feet on the ground! I was well looked after and anything I needed was taken care of! Majar is on top of his game and I would recommend this to anyone needing a place to stay long term or just a short visit! Subway locations are an easy walk! Thanks for looking after me!  The hosts (Majar, Marcus and Aunt Rheatis) were absolutely lovely and made everything to make us feel at home. They left us maps of the area, public transportation information, showed us around (grocery store and train station). They checked on us frequently, without ever being inconvenient or intrusive. This was our first time doing airbnb, and they couldnt have put us more at ease.  The room, bathroom, and kitchen were exactly as described on the website, and were kept clean during our stay. We had space in the fridge and had access to kitchen utensils when we wanted to cook.  We also felt free to come and go, without feeling we had ""curfew"" not to disturb the hosts. Nice room, room itself was clean, shared bathroom was not. Feels like your in student dorm, if that is what you like, this is a good place. Contact with Marc was perfect, very nice guy very considering. Neighborhood is not so good, but didnt feel unsafe. What you can expect? Roaches, mice, waterbugs, and silverfish. I had a roach land on my leg while I was sleeping. The first week we were there I had an incedent where the wooden bedframe was breaking. They replace it with a cheap medal one. That one started breaking instantly. We asked about it breaking and were told that it was not installed properly and the person who put it in would be back to add the support it was missing. So, being curious I look underneath there arent even bolts holding the frame together in the middle. As a result it had been  This joker has the nerve to ask me for $350 dollars to replace the frame and box spring as it is broken. We both tries to tell him it was breaking in June! We were told it would be fixed and never was. This place is filthy as well. In the bathroom you will find gobs of hair dangling everywhere! The bathroom always runs out of toilet paper. We had to buy our own because the host is so bad at restocking it. We had to buy multiple things for the kitchen like an oven mit and strainer. It didnt have that and the guy has metal pots and pans with metal handles. Which if anyone knows will burn the crap out of your hand. He didnt even have salt or pepper another thing we gracefully purchased for the place. The host had random people coming in and out of the place for the first 3 weeks of our stay. They were using the bathroom that is supposed to be for just airbnb guest. So, good luck knowing who is in the place in feeling like you dont have to lock the bathroom just because you are leaving the room. Our room had mice, roaches, waterbugs, and m ore in it. I was always terrified what I would see or what would randomly show up. This ad is misleading making it seem like you have a private room with access to a kitchen, bathroom, and dining room. It is not the first month we shared the 4 other people. They were nice people but good luck getting the bathroom in the morning. We also had an incident where the host showed up and has the nerve to tell me we have too much in the fridge, when it was previous gusets leaving their stuff behind which I told him. So, basically I had to clean that fridge due to others leaving food. We even had a tablecloth of ours go missing thanks to him. I had asked about it and he goes I dont know anything about it talk to Sandra. I never saw her once! I had to email him demanding it back she was ""cleaning"" it for 3 weeks. It didnt eve. Come back clean. My advice move to the next rental or you will regret staying for this con artist! Good luck! Quick response to booking! Made checkin/out easy. Accommodated our late arrival. Room as described and separate apartment from owners allows for privacy. We did have to checkout pretty early because of next booking. Seems the overlaps are too close. Kitchen was well supplied with extra items for use. I would definitely book again.  Mr. Majar was very nice. He was very accommodating too. However the conditions were subpar.  (1) Bathroom was unsanitary, toilet was unsecured  (2) Receptacles were unsafe, needs more plugs per code (3) linens were not clean as specified in the ad (4) there were splinters in the wood floor  (5) kitchen was not clean and the refidgerator contained old food (6) locks on the doors were not secure and did not contain deadbolts as required in the city (7) there was a strong stench of pesticides that permeated the entire apartment  I would not recommend this location to anyone! Majar was a fantastic host who responded to communication promptly. He made sure to welcome my boyfriend and I upon our arrival at his location, provided us with helpful information, and gave us complete privacy for the rest of the stay. The room was spacious; it wasnt a luxury hotel, but for the price we paid, it was a great deal. It got a little hot at night and the AC was too loud to be kept on, but the ceiling fan helped. The neighbourhood was fine given the proximity to the subway station, although not one I would walk in alone as a woman at night (isolated, few lights). Overall, we had a great time and would definitely recommend Majar as a host! I loved the close proximity to the subway station and the pleasant hosts rita and majar. They gave us our space while also making sure our stay was great. Would definitely stay again and recommend to other patrons. Great place and very quiet. Convenient to commute anywhere. train station is close. I love my stay at Majar place. My host Marcos was incredibly helpful and friendly, he was always making sure we know our way around the city and helping us out anyway he could. I will definitely recommend this place for anyone visiting NYC, its definitely worthwhile. Had a wonderful experience, honestly had no complaints. The room we stayed in was just right and had everything we needed. The bathroom is right outside the room and is kept clean. The kitchen was spacious and had enough room for cooking. I would indeed recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a cozy place! Majar was really nice to us and helped us when in need...his place was really nice and had all the amenities set up perfectly...he really went out of his way to help us and let us check in at 6 in the morning because me n my friend had no place to stay.. Nice stay !  Majar was available and always there for us !  I recommend !  easy communication  Mike was nice and concerned with our arrival very punctual I appreciated him and he gave great directions  Majar was an excellent communicator who was completely accessible, very supportive, and amazingly professional in every instance--even when the airlines lost a bag--causing a very late night arrival. Majar and his Aunt are fantastic people, and made this stay safe and friendly in every way.  We highly recommend Majar! not so clean, was a mouse in our room   subway is a walking distance from house   walls are very thin, can hear everyting through the walls and room was quit small  there is a lock on the bedroom door but no lock on main door        marcus the manager was very nice  Surtout pas dans un tel logement.  À signaler que le service contact de airbnb est vraiment au plus près des voyageurs. Ils sont à lécoute et disponibles pour nousvenir en aide. Merci airbnb. La ubicación esta bien, fueron muy amables desde nuestra llegada, todo el tiempo hubo comunicación aunque lo vimos poco, respetuosos en todo momento"	0
171	Room was clean and comfortable. Rest of apartment was ok. Bathtubs where so dirty that we didnt want to use them. Fridge was messy and full. Did not invite to put our own stuff in there. Also in the apartment was a cat. As I have a cat allergy I would have not booked this place if I had known this. Met very nice roommates Close to Manhattan and quiet place.  Amenity is great. This is definitely a real artist loft. I had the best time ever, endless gratitude to to the thoughtful,unique and super talented host. Great location, near transit and stores. Great room, with windows and an overhead fan, as well as a space heater, a much loved space heater. What a nice apartment! Close to everything and Williamsburg is a very cool place with lots of bars and restaurants ! I definitely recommend it! The flat is very well located, about 6 minutes from the subway. The bedroom is pleasant, the bathroom and the kitchen are ok. The host is busy but easy to reach and accommodating. Great communication! Nice room! 5mins away frm subway station! Just that night its a little noisy cause of the pubs around! Communication was great with our hostess! Our room was very clean. Amazing price in a perfect location! Great place. Very efficient and cheap. Great location Great value for money, the neighbourhood itself has a great atmosphere. The place was great and cute with an old fashioned kitchen. We only used the sleeping place which was comfortable and cozy. The bathroom was a little dirty but useable. I stayed at this apartment for 1 night but during this time there was no running water. However, the host was very nice in responding to my concerns quickly and it seems it was a one-time issue (and I just got unlucky with the day I booked the apartment).  The bedroom itself is nice, the bathroom isnt the cleanest but overall its not a bad apartment for the price. The main thing to be aware of is that since its above a bar/club, the noise can make it hard to sleep. I can usually sleep through anything but even I found it hard to stay asleep when all the walls are vibrating from the noise. Very nice place there’s a lot to do The appartment is well located and Nadia was available and kind. But it was dusty and the appartment (except our room) was empty, which is a little bit disturbing. It is okay for a short stay but not for one week The place was great. Very effective communication during the stay a well. I would definitely recommend to others. I have a great time in the room. quiet, clean, comfortable, And good neighbor! Thanks!! Hier ist alles was man braucht. U Bahn ums Eck, Kiosk 24 Std., Loundromat, Restaurants, Bar mit coolen Brooklyn Typen. Die Bude ist spartanisch mit voller Liebe und allem was man braucht. Für den Preis echt genial. Wir würden sofort wieder hin! The bed was clean and comfortable. A quick walk to the L so great for getting around. Was such a pleasure staying here! N. made check-in and related policies very clear, provided toiletries and even a list of local attractions. The apartment itself was also great—cute and very spacious. Will definitely be staying again next time I’m in the city! I stayed here while on a business trip and the room was perfect for what I needed - a place to sleep. The host was very communicative and made checkIn super easy. Very close to the L and some great restaurants!	1
172	Yomi was very accommodating to all of our needs during our stay at his apartment. The room was exactly as pictured in the ad and it was quiet for our whole stay. The neighborhood was friendly and an easy walk from the subway. Very good experience for a very reasonable price. Yomis place was nice, cozy and gave me the privacy I was looking for. He is a good host, available, always ready to satisfy your demands and ready to help. I definetely recommend his place and will probably rent it again when possible.   I was very comfortable. The room had a lot of privacy and Yomi was very helpful and easy to communicate with the room was described well.  apartment has been updated.  full access to kitchen, 2 bathrooms.  the place was cleaner than other rooms i have been staying in.  and Yomi was very helpful.  i will check his listings first when i return to nyc! I really enjoy the neighborhood and the room was very comfortable. Very warm.  This is a great room. It was a comfy bed. The shower was nice and hot. Great place. I would stay here again.  Host is very friendly, room is exactly like the pictures. Overall I had a pleasant stay, I would recommend it to anybody looking to stay in Brooklyn.    Yomi was THE BEST he was so hospitable, making sure that I was settled in and always asking if there was anything about my stay that could be improved!! So grateful for this place too! It was exactly as described and more! Clean sheets, clean room, towel provided, clean bathroom, warm water and warm room, quiet and calm environment which was perfect for when I came back from exploring the city :) thanks Yomi and hope to see you again when I go back to New York!! Really great stay. Easy to find and as described. The room is cozy and pretty much as the picture looks. You have a nice window to a private fire escape if you want some air... Yomi was very helpful with anything I needed. He made sure I was comfortable and helped me with directions. The room is just like the pictures and super warm and cozy. this was my first time booking a shared home space and I am pretty happy with my stay. the room was nice, clean and just as pictured. the space is within walking distance to subway station and close to a variety of food spots. I didnt run into anyone until I was on my way out but Yomi was on top of communication through phone and email ready to provide anything I may have needed.   there are 3 flights of stairs leading to the apt so be prepared to carry your luggage up. the fire escape outside the window was awesome as well.  This was both my first Airbnb experience and NY visit so I didnt what to expect . After all is done, Im really glad my this was my first Airbnb stay was here. The room was very clean and even had a cool fire escape outside. I even had my own mini fridge and microwave. The room Comes with its own lock for extra security. Yomi was an amazing host! Even though we didnt see each other much, he had great insight into the city that was very much needed. I would definitely stay here again whenever I come back to the city. Host Yomi always replied asap for my request or question.  If you stay in this room, you dont have to be worried about uncomfortable situations. Yomi will help you anytime you want.     Cozy bed and warm blanket, also warm shower available as described.     Guests who stay in this apt gonna fall in love with Brooklyn   and it starts from this room!    Yomi es un chico encantador! Llegué mucho más tarde de la hora de check-in y me recibió de madrugada!  Estuvo atento al teléfono para cualquier duda que tuve y me ayudó a bajar la maleta a la hora de irme! Supercontenta con el host. La habitación está genial y la salida de incendios es clave para fumadores :D Muy recomendada!! A comfortable budget accommodation in a quiet neighborhood not far from the subway line which can take you anywhere in the city.  The host is open to feedback and willing to solve any problems that the guest has with the accommodation.  The room is self-contained and has a lock on the door, a refrigerator, a microwave, and a TV.  The shared shower has lots of hot water.  The room is as pictured in the listing.   Yomi was a great host.  The place, a room in a shared apartment, was pretty much as described.  Nice, clean and simple, pretty much just what I needed.  I loved the fact that there was virtually no traffic noise from outside.  Private fridge, microwave and TV were a nice bonus.  I wasnt there very much, so only briefly interacted with Yomi and the others living there, but they were all nice.  Id recommend this place to others visiting NY! I had a lovely experience.  Yomi is a kind and helpful host.  The room is simple, but clean and well appointed, with television, microwave, and a small refrigerator.  Excellent bath/shower.  It did happen to be a beautiful spring week when I visited, but I did find the neighborhood pleasant, quiet, and safe.  There are good subway connections.   I would recommend this place without hesitation.  wm I stayed only one night, but everything was provided for by Yomi. Towel, sheets, bedspread, pillows, TV, fridge, and microwave. The room was private and lockable. I was also provided with a key to get in and out. Unfortunately, since I was there to spend the night only, I didnt get to meet Yomi. Yomi was a great host and made sure I was comfortable and well informed about any details I needed to know regarding the room and the surrounding area. The room was clean and very sunny which made it pleasant to stay in. I enjoyed my stay here. Thanks Yomi Yomi was a great host, very accommodating, along with his brother, though I didnt see them often. The room is well situated in Bedstuy and ideal for one person passing through. Great stay! Place was good only issue was washroom curtain.. Such as white residue on the clear curtain... Other than that stay was comfortable would  have quick response if had any issue. would definitely book  yomi again   :)  Yes, a frind of Yomi opened the door for me and showed me the room. I auto-booked this listing for a weekend trip back to my former city. No check in details were provided but I texted Yomi on the day of arrival and he provided the address. Upon arriving I found that Yomi was not there so had to text him for further instructions on how to get in myself by finding the key in the mailbox. And yet again when I got into the building by myself and couldnt figure out which room was mine. And then again to get the Wifi info. And again later to get a towel.     I was a bit surprised to find that this is not a room in anyones residence but rather a multi-room apartment with many beds for rent throughout the place. There was a mattress on the floor next to the kitchen with someone sleeping on it. I never met the other guests and my bedroom door did not lock unless I was inside so I had to leave my items unattended when leaving for the day. I think the nature of this arrangement would have been helpful to mention in the description. On the last day, Yomi spontaneously texted me instructions for how to lock the bedroom door but by then it was too late to take advantage of that information.    Apartment had an unpleasant odor and bathroom mirror, showerhead, and shower curtain were unclean. There are two signs asking guests to clean up after themselves, yet no helpful information provided. As a guest, it really comes across like the host puts in the minimum possible effort into maintaining this place.    On the plus side, bed is comfortable and Yomi is always prompt in replying to text messages. Short walk to subway, neighborhood is safe. If you need a place to crash and do not have many expectations, this could work for you. Yomi was great! He was timely and helpful. His directions and instructions were clear and i got to my destination seamlessly. The place was clean and comfy. He was even nice enough to meet all my requests. I would recommend to a friend!  I had a wonderful experience at Yomis place in Brooklyn. The room is bright and lovely! One of my favorite things was reading on the bed with the curtain pulled back and the window open. Perfect amount of space, clean, etc. Apartment has several subway stations within walking distance of 10 minutes or less. I would definitely stay at this Airbnb again! Yomi is a wonderful host!  It was just a place for me to sleep while I worked, it was absolutely perfect for that Very good host, room was very basic but all I really wanted anyways but blanket could have been bigger since I got a little chilly the last night  (i think he would have provided if I asked). Shower was good but some of the other house guests left hairs around the place a few times but that was it. Powerful shower and good temeratute! It suited me well but got lost a few times walking from train station  I arrived to take part in a conference and had a very good experience. Throughout my stay Yomi was attentive to everything I had asked and there was good vibe in the flat. The room is very comfortable (it even includes a small mini bar, which is amazing!) and the neighbourhood is very cool (nice café nearby on Patchen Avenue called Mannys). The place is pretty close to Utica Subway Station, i.e., easy links to Manhatten (line A or C, no change). Its also quite near several bus routs that take you up to Bedford and Williamsburg in Brooklyn. And of course, very good good price for New York. So overall I think this flat is a really great deal, in every aspect, and I would definitely stay there again if I get back to NYC.      This is a warm, clean, and good style room to live with in Brooklyn, not to far away from subway. Yomi is also a friendly friend in NYC.  First Airbnb experience and I know nothing will top this, wicked location, great price and a fantastic host, will definitely be coming back to stay with Yomi!  Yomis place was exactly as described. Very quiet and bright. It was easy to get in and out, and everyone I met during my stay was very friendly and polite.  Le logement était conforme aux attentes. On est bien accueilli, la chambre est petite mais confortable, la salle de bain est très agréable.   Le seul bémol pour ma part est la distance au métro (15min de marche) qui est assez pénible quand on est très chargé comme moi à larrivée et au départ. Par contre pour une visite de NYC cest commode et bon marché. On est à environ 40 minutes porte à porte du centre de manhattan.  Awesome, clean and quiet place. Neighborhood is safe, and subways are really close. Yomi is a great host. I definitely recommend staying here. I stayed at Yomis place for 1 month, and I had a great experience. The apartment is on a side street off of a busier street which has quite a few small shops and cafes. I walked to and from the Utica Avenue stop everyday (really only during the daytime) and I always felt very safe. The walk was about 15 minutes to the A line, but there are a couple options in the area in regards to subway lines into Manhattan. The bedroom is exactly as shown in the pictures. It was really nice having a tv, fridge and microwave in my room. The apartment itself is kept clean and organized including the kitchen which I used almost daily. I needed a can opener for something that I purchased and Yomi bought one for me to use. The bathrooms are also both very nice- the shower pressure is incredible! Yomi was a kind and helpful host, and I would recommend this apartment on your next trip to NYC.   Great host! Always responded to messages quickly. The apartment is clean and an AWESOME deal for the price I paid. No frills but very tidy and clean in a chill neighborhood. Bars, convenience stores, and train stations close by.    Unfortunately, I had to leave after one night. Wish I could have stayed longer -- The people in the next room seemed like a fun couple! Yomi war ein toller Gastgeber, hatte man eine Frage bekam man prompt eine Antwort. Das Zimmer entsprach exakt den Angaben, obwohl ich zuerst dachte das “bright“ hell bedeutet, im Sinne von “die Sonne wird einen wecken“. Das war nicht der Fall. Plus Punkt für mich war auf jeden Fall das man aufs Dach konnte: sowohl zum Cafe in der Früh als auch für einem Drink am Abend gut.  Die anderen Gäste waren nett und ich habe mich gefreut ein paar von ihnen auch kennen zu lernen.   In Summe war es eine gutes Erlebnis, ich war gerne dort. 飞机到的时间有点晚凌晨才到达住的地方,房东小哥和朋友在楼下等我很贴心。房间虽然不大但是有电视冰箱微波炉很齐全,不错的体验。 Prima toen ik eindelijk de woning had gevonden.  Not sure if i would be coming back to that place. Pillows and duvet NEED changing - they smell and are dirty. Dust underneath the bed and desk. No main door key given at the arrival (apparenly when you ring the bell the host will be always there to open the door for you - not in my case - waited half an hour, rang the bell 10 times, sent text messages - no response). Thanks to the neighbour who was walking out of the building - thats how i got in. The host only contacted me in the morning - slightly too late. He is very nice host! If I go NewYork again I want to take this room again! The room was so nice, clean, and quiet as promised. Yomi is a very accommodating host. 10/10 would recommend to anyone Great room; exactly what was needed for a couple of nights in Brooklyn. Didnt get to meet Yomi but all correspondence was immediate and helpful. Recommended. fine, felt welcome It was really Nice. Yomi was very Helpful! Recommended for a short leisure / business trip to the city - worth the price! Yomis place was great, exactly as its pictured, location was good, a short walk to the train and in a good position in Stuyvesant Heights, Modern & Friendly, and theres always a chance to meet other travelers or just do your own thing.  It was such a great place! I really liked staying here. The bed was super comfy and utilities were always clean. The host was so nice and always there when needed help with anything. I loved the rooftop at this place, at night time you could see manhattans skyline. If you want to have a local feel of New York then staying here would be a good choice! Would definitely stay there again if I ever went back  The room was like I expected it but a blanket was missing and only a thin sheet was given. In combination with the aircondition i was freezing in the nights and get a cold.    The room and bathroom were clean and big enough. Everybody was friendly. To lock/ unlock my own door a pin code is used and i get the impression, the code ist never changed. I did not feel that comfortable with that. pleasent and helpful host, worked out any issues we had in a timely fashion. however the size of room was slightly misleading. all in all great, very close to public transportation. would stay here again All in all the room looked like the photos and everything described was provided. Yomi was there to help with my heavy suitcase up three flights of stairs which I appreciated. I think the listing should clearly state how many other rooms and bathrooms there are in the space as people would make heir decision to stay there based on this. The only problem I found was that the apartment in general was not clean - e.g. the microwave and fridge, table and floors as well as the bathroom. There were also other things left from I think the previous guest. Yomi and I didnt really talk as I was always out and he said he was busy working which was no problem at all. Space is clean and peaceful. I had my own room with a lock. My experience was superb, the place was clean, cozy as described. I would most definitely return back, Yomis a great host.  Clean, cosy, hospitable, quiet, well located – all in all, a perfect place from which to explore the city and unwind in NYC. My stay with Yomi was good. The room appeared exactly as listed on AirBnB. Yomi was communicative and welcoming and provided me with the door code, wifi and key. We did not see each other much, as I only came at night to sleep and left early in the morning. My one issue is that the towel provided did not seem too clean and had some stains. I did not notice til I came out of the shower and it was too late. If you stay here, maybe bring your own. The bathroom had a hole in the ceiling which was dripping a little water but hopefully this will be fixed soon. Otherwise, everything was great. Good price, good location. Would recommend. Great for visiting New York ! Easy check in. Difficult key  This is a great place to stay if you want to explore the city. It does not take very long with the A train from Utica Av to Manhattan. I enjoyed staying at Yomis very much, and I would definitely come back, if I ever go to NYC again! This place is perfect if you are traveling by yourself. I left early in the mornings and came home late at night, which was not a problem at all.  Yomi was an excellent host and went out of his way to make me feel at home. Accurate description Yomi was friendly, Good value for money My stay at Yomis place was okay, when we arrived Yomi was not there but the guy that let us in had a very disgusting attitude and was rude the entire time. The shower was nice but the bathroom floor was always wet, there were no mats on the floor and the towels had stains on them fyi bring your own towel.   According to Yomis rules on Airbnb it says extra $30 for any extra guest that sleeps over. I explained to Yomi that I have a guest that wants to come by for a few minutes and Yomi told me I had to pay $30. I wanted to iron my clothes  for church but he did not have an iron so bring your own iron if you need to.  Its really a very nice place. A diverse neighborhood, not too far from the subway, everything was very clean, the room was very cozy and comfortable and the bathroom was nice as well! Its a perfect place if you are independent and looking for a budget-friendly place to stay.  Yomis place offers great value for money. Its a simple room, but has everything you need, is clean and bright and private. The apartment is close to two different subway stations so its easy to get into Manhattan or e.g. Williamsburg, but also around are a few nice cafes and restaurants for a quick coffee before exploring the city. Yomi was very friendly, even though we didnt see each other much. There are a couple of other people in the apartment who were all very nice, also there are 2 bathrooms with showers so I never had to wait for the bathroom. All in all I had a great stay at Yomis place and would definitely recommend it if you are looking for a price-friendly stay in Brooklyn.  Yomis place is cool and clam if your looking for that chilled Brooklyn vibe. The area is safe and relatively quiet with the J and Z metro lines very near by. The room itself is cool and pretty much what you see in the pictures, very spacious, clean, bright with good facilities such as tv, microwave and clothes rack. Yomi and the other housemates were really helpful with all questions I had and were friendly. The only thing I would suggest is that Yomi get a mob and bucket for the bathroom as the floor gets pretty wet after you shower, but over all it was perfect.  It was cozy and clean room. Can arrive Manhattan within 45~50 minutes. Let me preface this by saying I would give Yomi five stars if I didnt feel the price of the place was too and some basic things were lacking. Please note that he was extremely accommodating and helpful and we definitely enjoyed our trip.  Just a few tips for travellers: This room is really meant for one person. I was confused by the photos, I actually thought there was enough room for two beds. There probably was but Yomis solution was to put a mattress against the wall during the day. This just seemed too cumbersome for us, so luckily my mother and I had no problem sharing a bed.  Secondly, the other really easy-to-address issue is not having hand towels readily available in the bathroom. I think just getting into the habit of having hand towels would not be difficult.  Thirdly, the internet never actually worked for me. This was no problem because we were hardly in the room. I think a lot of travelers would have issues with this.  Lastly, I think the room would be much better with a small lamp. The only option was a really bright light.  I enjoyed my stay but I think its important for people to know these details.   Yomi is a great host, I just felt the quality, location, and accommodations were not equal to the price of the room. Oh Beautiful room! Soooo good for the money. Plus Yomi is an amazing host  Great first AirBnB experience.  Good place for good price. Clean, private and comfortable room. 방이 깔끔하고, 교통편도 10분 거리로 이용할 수 있어서 좋았어요! very easy going people, good place to get rest after a long day, yomi responds very quickly to questions on airbnb. Great! Awesome set up and amazing host for the price. Great place to stay if you are traveling alone. It gets a little cramped with 2 people. Clean, good neighborhood, and only 10-15 minute walk to any train. Ill definitely be staying here again!  Really easy to check in and have a quiet and safe room in Brooklyn. It takes a few steps to go to the subway station, but shows how people really live over there. The house is fine, I was happy there is the possibility to make a laundry,...and there are nice other guests as well. I liked the orange duvet cover :) Although I didnt really need there was a microwave and a fridge in my room, too! Decent place...close by subway. It worked out just fine. Great Yomis place was great. A lovely apartment in Bedstuy & had everything I needed. I wouldve loved to spend more time at the place. I did get to enjoy a few quiet moments watching the sunrise in the morning before heading out. Quiet, cute & calm. Would definitely visit again.  Visit the artsy coffee shop Kava Shteeble around the corner.  I stayed with Yomi while I was spending some time in NY before connecting to an international flight. I I specifically chose his place because of how convenient it is to get to JFK. His place has more of a hostel vibe, but you definitely have privacy if you want/need it. Theres not much to do in the immediate neighborhood, but his place is a great place to stay if youre looking for a comfortable place to sleep after a long day of exploring other areas of Brooklyn or Manhattan.  Yomi was super responsive and very flexible. It was very easy staying with him. I definitely recommend him as a host. Everything was accurate. Bedroom was clean and as pictured online. The only three things that I️ did not like were that 1) kitchen wasn’t clean. I️ didn’t use it but still not a good look, 2) there was no mat on the floor so guests were instructed to mop up whatever they wet and 3) from what I️ saw...I️ was the only female there. I️ was never really there so I️ eventually got over it. I️ was constantly messaging the host and he replied very quickly every time which I️ appreciated. It’s good as it’s close to public transportation and local food spots. Great value. Great location. Yomis place did exactly what it says on the tin; good value, clean, comfortable, 10 min walk to subway. Also super warm heating which was great for the cold NYC autumn. Wouldnt hesitate to stay here again. Late comment. It was My First Airbnb experience and I had a great stay In Yomis place. Location is convenience for Subway and theres Some grocery nearby. The room is clean and warm. Met with Yomi only for once as he was busy. But hes Very friendly and told me I can always text him for any need. Will definately come back again when going to NY. My stay with Yomi was everything that I needed and that was advertised. I totally recommend! Also, a cute coffee shop Kava Shteeble right around the corner I recommend too! Yomi was helpful and understanding of my unforseen late checkin. His place is good value for the money. Yomi is a good and helpful host. This is a small room but it is enough to live. About 10-15 min away from subway station. Great host. Clean place, great location and great hospitality. Definitely recommend. It’s a great stay in Yomi ‘s place. The room is very clean and comfortable to stay because the other guests are kind and helpful, so I have no inconvenience to stay.	1
173	Nicole was an absolute delight to deal with, very pleasant. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay in NYC and the apartment being close to many transport links helped me a lot. Many restaurants and shops around. The place itself is lovely too. Recommended.  Great clean place! Easy in and easy out, couldnt ask for anything else. Nicole a été un peu difficile à joindre avant notre arrivée mais a été réactive durant notre séjour et facilement joignable. Nous ne lavons pas rencontrée mais avons pu récupérer facilement les clés dans un restaurant tout proche.  A notre arrivée, le ménage navait pas été fait, et contrairement à lannonce : la connexion internet na été installée quune semaine après et la machine à laver et sèche linge ont été installés dans les parties communes le jour de notre départ....  La cuisine manque un peu de vaisselle et le lit présente un problème de sommier. Il y a beaucoup de rangements.   Lappartement est bien situé, les transports sont très facilement accessibles.   Notre séjour a été agréable.  The apartment was fine for a brief overnight stay but could be a little cleaner and would benefit from some additional cutlery for those planning to eat in. Nicole was friendly enough but could have been more communicative when confirming the reservation. All in all not a bad experience but could be better. There were some nice touches with complimentary toiletries and bottled water. Nicole was a wonderful host for our quick trip to NYC. Although we didnt have the pleasure of meeting her she was available and quick to respond to any questions we had and made it easy and convenient for us to get access to and find her place. We had everything we needed as far as essentials and the wireless internet was extra helpful for us out-of-towners making plans for our short visit. The extra treats, water and area brochures were an extra special touch. Nicoles place was clean, and the accommodations were sufficient for a peaceful nights rest. Location was excellent too for getting to where we wanted to go, the neighborhood was very nice and we felt quite safe. Thank you Nicole! Apt was very clean and quiet for sleeping.  Dunkin Donuts next door very convenient.  We just used the apt for sleeping, so small size didnt matter to us. The place was as advertised and Nicole was very helpful. Nicole estuvo muy al pendiente de nuestra llegada y fue muy amable.  El departamento bien en general. Más pequeño de lo que se aprecia en  las fotos, pero con todo lo necesario para pasar una noche cómoda. El único detalle es que la cama principal rechina, nada que un poco de aceite no arregle,  supongo. Not too far from center, parking on the corner. The apartment is small and not too clean, especially bathroom. Bed is ok, sofa bed is a torture to sleep. If you are squeamish and would like to stay in a cost place - its definitely not your choice.  Tout dabord nous sommes arrivées dans un appartement sale. Lhumidité dans la salle de bain a engendré des moisissures au plafond, les joints autour de la baignoire sont jaunes, le tapis dans la baignoire dégageait une odeur putride et cachait en dessous des tâches jaunes. La cuisine étaietsale également. A titre dexemple, les restes de nourritures dans le four ont brûlé quand nous lavons utilisé au point de déclencher lalarme incendie. Dois-je rajouter que lappartement est très mal équipé ? Absence de couverts, literie médiocre et impossibilité dallumer la télévision. En outre, nous avions loué lappartement 9 nuits. Or, le matin de la 4ème, nous avons trouvé leau des toilettes noire. Il en était de même de celle qui coulait de lévier, du lavabo et de la douche. Cela a duré, nous avons donc appelé Nicole qui voulant se rendre compte par elle-même de la situation nous a donné rendez-vous dans lappartement, rendez-vous auquel elle est arrivée avec une heure de retard et à la suite duquel elle na pu nous proposer aucune solution. Nous remercions à ce titre Airbnb qui a pris la situation en main et nous a assistées pour nous reloger rapidement dans de bonnes conditions et terminer ainsi de la meilleure façon notre séjour. Un point positif tout de même : cet appartement est bien situé en termes de transport en commun, à côté de la ligne verte du métro qui dessert de nombreux sites touristiques.  First of all the appartment was so dirty. The humidity in the bathroom engendered molds in the ceiling, joints around the bathtub were yellow, the carpet in the bathtub cleased a putrid smell and hid below brown areas. The kitchen was also not clean at all. For example, leftovers of food in the oven burned when we used it... And triggered the fire alarm. Do I have to add that the was very badly equipped? No flatware, ... and we weren t able To switch on the television. Thank you Nicole!  For our quick trip to New York we enjoyed our stay very much!!! The place was in the back of building so it was very quiet!  It had everything we needed, though we were mostly here to sleep and after a full day around New York thats exactly what we did!   Parking was at corner and subway was just up the block on Lexington!   Central Park was an easy walk and we loved that there were shops and restaurants!   The place itself was great for our family though the bed in the bedroom did make a lot noise just sitting or rolling over and was small but totally understand that as size is a premium!  Loved the charm of this cute place!   And appreciated the little extras Nicole had out for use in case we had forgotten anything!!! The apartment is very well located, but smaller than it looks in the photos. The kitchen is in the living room and it is difficult to cook and to eat there, it is not comfortable for 4 guests. The bed and the couch are very old, you can feel the springs on your back and get rest is impossible. We had some problems with Nicole who was confused about our arrival time even when we tried to reach her several times the week before, we didnt have the keys to get in. We had to go to her apartment in the middle of the night in the other side of NY to pick up another set of keys...we spent 50 bucks in that! As her check-out policy is flexible, we assumed that there would be no problem leaving the apartment at night, but one day before our departure Nicole told us that she already had other guests checking in that afternoon. We had to leave before we planned and ended up giving the keys to the new visitors. Nicole didnt clean the apartment or changed the sheets for the new guests. Even worse, the building was left without running water for a couple of days and when it came back it was so dirty that stained the toilet and sink. Staying there was a bad experience and I am sure for the next guests was even worse. Larrivée (5:30 pm) a été très difficile puisque lhôte qui occupait lappartement les jours précédents notre séjour était toujours là.  Jointe au téléphone Nicole nous a rencontré 1 heure 30 plus tard pour nous remettre les clés et faire le ménage.  Nicole nous a répété quelle était très désolée.  Pour être franche cet appartement nest pas très propre, spécialement la salle de bain.   Nicoles apartment was ideal for what we needed and great value for the money. The place was tidy and welcoming and we had a pleasant stay. The location was great and was close to the subway. Just one note, the pull out sofa was quite uncomfortable, so may not suit every one. 	0
174	"Yvonne was an amazing host. We had a last minute issue with our flight and had to stay an extra day in New York. She was kind enough to take us with really short notice and has a very nice, spacious, and comfortable place. She has a book with some close-by restaurants, maps of the subway, and books to read. She also  gave us coffee, milk, and a delicious muffin and croissant that we had for breakfast. Yvonne was absolutely incredible! So accommodating and hospitable. I highly recommend staying at her charming and comfortable Jr 1 bedroom apartment with garden patio!     I most enjoyed the privacy, easy access (1st floor), the extremely comfortable bed (slept so good!), the very consistently hot shower with great pressure. The neighborhood is charming and convenient with everything you need within a few blocks.     If I could live in a one bedroom - I would want to live here, not a huge space but also not small...if you have an extended stay and want to relax, this is a great place to call home away from home! The apartment is very comfortable, we had everything that was expected. It is very close to LGA by bus, and very close to a metro station. Yvonne is a great person and and left for us some stuff to help us. I really indicate this place.  I have stayed at this awesome garden apartment twice. Yvonne was so welcoming, and the apartment was everything I needed. Comfortable, and spacious, I stayed for 8 days and then 4 days. So much nicer than a hotel room, and more convenient location wise if you are familiar with Astoria. I highly recommend the space and Yvonne as your host! I have very much enjoyed staying at Yvonne’s place: She is a beautiful host who made herself available and made me feel at home. Her apartment-rental is lovely and inside feels like a beach cottage with pretty items of positive energy sprinkled throughout. It is conveniently located for commuting into Manhattan plus with the restaurants and shops within walking distance there may be no need to go to Manhattan daily. I highly recommend! Yvonne was great as a host, always attentive to what we needed or questions we had, the apartment is clean and has every thing you could need for a short amount of time  Yvonne was right there when we arrived and she showed us how everything worked.  We felt very safe coming and going in the neighborhood.  It was a very pleasant stay and I would recommend staying in this apartment if you are planning on going to NYC. We felt very welcome. We had to push back our arrival time and Yvonne was very accommodating. When we arrived, Yvonne showed us where everything was, how everything worked, and ensured we were comfortable. The main light was out in the bathroom and she tried to have someone come in to fix it, even though we said we didnt mind.     The area is quiet and well-kept. We spent an afternoon walking around, found a great brunch spot, and shopping. We also made extensive use of Uber to visit other areas.    L accueil était sympa et l appartement était très bien, propre et fonctionnel ! Un peu de marche pour rejoindre le métro (15min) mais bien desservi.  Yvonne was very welcoming and hospitable! Our flight didnt arrive LGA until close to 10pm and Yvonne was very flexible and understanding. She greeted us upon arrival with no problem. The apartment is a short 10 minute cab ride from LGA and a 10-15 walk to the nearest subway station heading to Manhattan. The train into the city is 15-30 minutes, depending on where youre heading. There are plenty of restaurants within walking distance. Although we were not in the apartment much, it served as a clean and safe place to sleep at night and was a much more affordable option than staying in Manhattan! My only complaint would be not having a iron. Otherwise, the place was great! Very good experience in this cosy apartment: Yvonne was very kind and in the apartment Was everything we needed.Close to it supermarkets,restaurants and the subway (10-15 minutes walk). Yvonne gave us tea,coffee,soaps,books to read and a book with informations about restaurants,taxis,maps...I highly recommend it! We stayed the weekend for a festival and this was a perfect place for us to stay. It is in a good area with lots of places to eat. Close to the subway and the city. And the bed was comfortable. Thank you!  Yvonne was great and accommodating by allowing us to check-in early. This saved us from lugging around our huge suitcases around the city. She made us feel welcome and gave us a quick overview of the apartment. It was nice that she had some info on restaurants and transportation available. The neighborhood was quiet and we felt safe staying there. The subway was four blocks away and we were able to get to and from Manhattan easily. We had everything we needed to make our stay comfortable and easy. Thanks Yvonne for letting us stay! We highly recommend staying here for your visit to New York. We had a wonderful weekend staying with Yvonne. She was always available for whatever we needed and allowed us both a early check in and late check out. Her place is exactly as described and has easy metro access to the city center. If traveling to the city I definitely recommend staying here! Yvonne met us after our early flight and let us drop our bags off and head into the city. She was easy to communicate with and her apartment was perfect, exactly as it looks in the pictures. It takes about 10-15 min to walk to the subway and then its a straight trip to downtown.  She was an amazing host, very helpful, very kind, the house is so nice, the neighborhood is safe and quiet. Yvonne ist sehr hilfsbereit und immer ansprechbar, sehr unkompliziert und nett. Die Wohnung liegt ca. 15 Min. Fussweg von der nächsten Subway entfernt. Bis Timessquare sind es dann noch ca. 30 Minuten. Das muss man einkalkulieren. Es war für uns kein Problem, auch in der Nacht. Die Gegend schien uns sicher. In der Nähe gibt es auch einen guten Supermarkt, gut ausgestattet. Die Wohnung hat auch einen Aussenbereich mit Steinboden und einem Tisch. Wie beschrieben gibt es keine Kochmöglichkeit und keine Mikrowelle. Frühstück kann man sehr gut machen, essen wird man eh ausserhalb. Uns hat der NY Aufenthalt sehr gut gefallen, nie zu wenig Zeit dazu einplanen!  This clean, cozy home is a 15 minute walk to the subway! Safe neighborhood. 10 min from LGA. Perfect if your just needing an affordable place to sleep, shower and be on the go in NYC. Yvonne is a great host, responds quickly, and ensures youre taken care of.  Yvonne is a great host! We had some trouble with the plumbing & she solved it immediately when we were out exploring. She is super friendly and really easy reachable. The apartment is at a 15 minutes walk of the subway which goes straight to all the hotspots of manhattan. We absolutely loved staying at Yvonnes & totaly recommend staying there. The first thing I  could say about my staying is that when I come back to NYC I want to live at nobody else but Yvonne. A warm and caring person, very positive, she showed her availability for whatever needed. I had the feeling of home. I was very pleased with the conditions and have a big ""thank you"" for Yvonne, who is also a rewarding conversation partner. :) Yvonne was fantastic from the start, responding to questions and she made us feel so welcome when we arrived.     The appartment is lovely, really spacious and with access to a nice garden. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was clean and tidy.     We loved the location, it was a lovely walk through the neighbourhood to get to the subway and there were lots of bars and restaurants nearby. We felt safe walking around day and night as well. We wouldnt hesitate to recommend this AirBnB, its a bargain for staying in New York. It only takes between 15 and 30 minutes to get into Manhatten depending on where youre going and cost us between 24 and 30 dollars on the two occasions we used a taxi.  Yvonne was so helpful and her apartment was just perfect for our trip to New York! When our flight was delayed several hours, Yvonne was still happy to stay up late to give us the key and a quick tour of the place. Our checkout time was flexible as well, and it was helpful to have a place to keep our bags during our last day in the city. Yvonne also checked in with us by text several times during our stay to make sure we had everything we needed. The apartment was cozy and comfortable. The kitchen had coffee and oatmeal provided for breakfast, the shower had essentials provided as well, and the bed was comfortable. The apartment is on a quiet street not far from the nearest subway station. All in all, we loved our time at Yvonnes! Every thing was great, Yvonne was very helpful, gave us lots of information, easy to get a hold of, clean apartment, comfortable bed, lots of space! Yvonne was fantastic from the start, responding to questions and its easy to contact with her. Yvonne is a great host, helpful and kindy.  Yvonne was great ! And very accommodating she made sure we were well taken care of and had everything we needed. Would definitely recommend too 1-2 people in need of a New York stay  Staying at Yvonnes apartment was a perfect experience for a solo trip to New York City. Great neighborhood (dont feel shy and go explore, its safe and has a lot of gems of coffee shops and eateries at a 10 minute walk radius), conveniently not far a Subway station with good access to Manhattan and Brooklyn, lovely and cosy space, and a great and caring host.  Yvonne was warm and welcoming.  She was flexible in meeting us as we had a mix up with our flights.  She showed us around the place, left us great maps and local spots to visit and made staying there very easy.  The place is clean, quaint and just as the pictures depicted.  The location is about 15 minute walk to the subway, and so easy to get into Manhattan from.  We really enjoyed our stay here, will definitely use Yvonne again! Perfecto This is a lovely home great for a couple  or father daughter duo  like us. Everything you need is walking distance.  Great, friendly neighborhood.   Would stay her again.  This is a cozy and comfortable place, perfect for two people. We stayed there during Christmas and New Year Eve and everything went really well. Subway is just 15 minutes walking (and Manhattan is 6 stations away). Neighborhood is really calm and safe. Yvonne showed up the apartment and explained everything we needed. I definitely recommend this apartment! I spent 2 months in Yvonnes apartment from mid April till mid June 2017. The apartment is confortable, spacious and well-equipped. It is very well located, at 10 minutes walk from subway and then very close to Manhattan.  I really appreciated to enjoy the outside patio. It is much more as living in a house than in an apartment. And the area, residential, is very quiet and calm.  In addition, Yvonne is very reactive and helpfull if needed. So, I really felt as ""at home"" during my stay :) Thank you again Yvonne ! My wife and I stayed here for 7 weeks while we established ourselves in the city after moving here for jobs. Everything went well. The check-in was problem free, our stay was problem free, and the check out was easy. This apartment is spacious, clean, and had plenty of room to put our luggage. Yvonne made the stay very easy and straight-forward, we definitely felt like we could count on her if we needed something. Overall, this was a great experience!"	1
175	I really enjoyed my stay at Emelies apartment. She and her roommate were very accommodating and helpful with aiding in getting to their apartment along with providing a clean environment and clean sheets and towels for us to use. Emelies apartment is in a very nice and convenient area close to the subway, which made it easy for us to get where we needed to go.  Emelie was great at communicating with me prior to my stay all the information I needed. The apartment comfortably accommodates 3-4 people and the location is great for exploring Bed-Stuy and a very short walk to the nearest subway stop. The apartment is on the ground floor right near the entrance, so noise from traffic and neighbors limited much sleeping in. Overall the value was good and I would be happy to stay here again. Apartment was exactly like in description. It was nice and quiet, many little shops around the place and direct subway train to Manhattan. Very helpful owners always ready to answer any questions. Highly recommend this place. Nous avons été très bien accueilli par Emelie qui a été très arrangeante.   Lappartement était plus petit que nous lavions pensé, 4 personnes pour une ou deux nuits ca peut aller, mais pour 10 jours cest vraiment trop juste. Surtout lété SANS air conditionnée! Je pense que ca marche bien pour 2 personnes.  Le ménage était ok mais pas non plus parfait, des personnes avaient loués lappart avant nous et il y avait donc dans un coin tout le linge sale des lits. Il manquait également des serviettes de toilette.   Le quartier est assez sympa, et la proximité avec la ligne A permet dêtre dans manhattan assez vite, et ce point la est très important! Cela nous a permis de visiter NY sans passer nos journées dans le métro!     L emplacement du logement etait tres bien. A 5 minutes a pied du train A qui mene a manhattan. Malheureusement,  notre hote avait oublié  de nous dire ou etait exactement la clé. ..pendant 1h nous avons eu un peu peur, mais au final ns avons pu la joindre. Par  contre il n y a avait pas de draps propres (ni serviettes, mais ns le savions). La propreté laissait un peu à  désirer. .. notre fils de 4 ans qui a dormi sur les matelas a côté  du canapé  s est fait piqué par des araignées ou puces (plus rien qd on l a mis ds le lit avec ns les dernières nuits). Sinon ca peut aller pr un court séjour. Nous n avons pas vu notre hote, mais elle était a l ecoute. I wish I had something positive to say about the apartment and the location.  I really wanted to love it.  This Brooklyn apartment was easy, comfortable, and convenient. Perfect for a couple or a few friends, an easy subway ride from downtown Manhattan, and its in the middle of a vibrant neighborhood. Emelie immediately responded to all of my questions and she was very helpful. Emelies room was very good. We could go everywhere we want, buy some snacks or bread at grocery store near the street. Her maps were very useful. And room itself was nice too.  There was leak in ceiling but i think shell fix it as soon as she can. She answered fast when i asked something or there was a problem. We stayed here as our own room :) thank you very much Emelie! Emelies apartment is very clean and comfortable. I highly recommend her place! The train station was a 2-3-minute walk from the apartment, and theres are many places to get food and groceries. Also, Emelie is very helpful and wrote to me to make sure I had all I needed.   Great service! The apartment was clean and everything in place as promised. My stay at Emelies apartment was great. I say this not only because of my experience but that my kid was comfortable and so enthused about the experience. The apartment was super clean and comfortable.  Unless you have long distance trips you need to take while there, parking is a gamble so dont rent a car. Vibrant neighborhood with markets and places to eat in walking distance. We stayed in Emelies apartment last week, and we had a great time! The place was just perfect for the three of us. We were doing a lot of sightseeing, so we left the apartment every day by 9am and only came back at 10pm. The subway really is 3 mins walk, which we liked very much, and Manhattan is only a 15 mins ride! Lots of shops around, so its really convenient.  Emelie was really felxible, helpful and accomodating, she responded our e-mails fast.   I wouldnt think twice to stay there again :)  Thank you, Emeile!	0
176	"Catherines place was a hidden gem in Upper East NY. We absolutely loved her apartment, and was quite honored to be her first guests! She had prepared snacks and drinks for us, kept her place extra clean, provided us guidance as to where to go and eat (these are available on her AirBnb guidebook), extra blankets and pillows which we really appreciated. We were there in a hot humid summer but her AC was full-on!  We didnt get to communicate more with her during our stay simply because there was no further needs to, but had we needed to, I know she wouldve been available right away.  Highly recommend! Todo muy bien, Catherine es una excelente anfitriona, mi hija y yo pasamos unos dias muy agradables, el studio es como se ve en las fotos, y Catherine nos ha recibido con unos detalles muy especiales, el studio queda en un sector muy tranquilo a 2 bloques de Central Park, y a 2 bloques de estacion de Metro, tiene muy cerca supermercados y cafeterias 24 horas. Muy bueno y lo recomendamos, gracias Catherine Catherine is a great host. When we arrived, she had prepared snacks, essentials, and everything required. She was very flexible and helpful with our late check-in and check-out times, which we really appreciated. She was very responsive and warmly answered all the questions I had very quickly. She has lots of useful suggestions for nice places to visit in the neighborhood and the city, and shes really helpful in general.  Her place is exactly the same as listed. We were there in the hottest days of summer and AC was really efficient. We really liked her nice apartment.  The location and neighborhood is unbeatable! Everything you need is just around you; tons of restaurants and stores, central park, Met and many other museums in walking distance, and subway in 3 blocks. Its absolutely convenient and safe with lots of activities around. I highly recommend this place. Absolute amazing! Catherine was very welcoming and very available and willing to help out any way she could. The apartment was perfect. Very spacious and clean for a NYC studio. We were a group of three girls and were very comfortable. We felt very safe in the neighborhood. I really do not have anything negative to say about our stay, and will definitely be staying here when I come back to the city. Great host - made stay very easy and was very willing to accommodate.  Apartment is very convenient with a grocery store across the street and the museums right around the corner.  Really enjoyed it and would stay again. We stayed 5 days at Catharines studio. The studio is small but efficient, fits our family of 4. Catherine made every small things making us feel as home. When traveling with kids, those small things mean a lot to us. The best part of the studio is that it is 3 blocks away from MET and Central Park. Would love to stay her studio for our next New York trip. I can only recommend that apartment. Catherine is a very welcoming host. Easy check in, we had snacks amd water already there, wifi, air conditioning, towels and bed linen and a easy connection to the subway. We had a great stay there an will choose Cathrines apartment again, whenever we will be in the big apple again. :) El apartamento está muy bien situado.A 3 minutos hay estación de metro Catherine was great to communicate with and made our stay welcoming The stay at Cats place was wonderful! The location was unbeatable, the apt itself was clean and neat. Cat was very very helpful with giving information and replies very fast all the time. Truly appreciate that and will recommend it to other travellers! - Appartment is exactly as described, fully equiped !  - The inside decoration is not ""design"" and maybe need an update (paint or bathroom) but all is practice and works perfectly.  - The neighborhood is just PERFECT, closed to the park and the MET, with a lot of small stores, 24h Drugstores, food like really good bagels, pizza , metro station at 3 blocks (line 6) direct to lower Manhattan or Grand Central.  - Contact with Catherine is really easy. Catherine was very accommodating with our late arrival (due to our late flights) and quickly showed us around the apartment.  It was in a great location and close to the subway. The area is very safe and interesting and two blocks from the Met and Central Park. The apartment was small but comfortable and clean. It had no kettle, toaster, dish washing liquid or hair dryer and though promised, Catherine didnt manage  to deliver them to us. Hopefully these are available to guests now. The lounge was not big enough for two especially as one side of it had lost its firmness and was very uncomfortable. Air-con worked great and it was centrally heated which was lovely when the weather got a bit cold. We had a great time, however would want those few more creature comforts next time! The apartment was brilliantly situated,very close to the metro with easy access to all the attractions. The apartment was simple but functional,just what we needed. Catherine was very helpful and made sure we had everything we needed and was happy to recommend places to make our visit as special as possible. Thank you very much It was really well staying at Catherines . She was friendly and answered all our questions . The apartment is nice, comfortable. The location and neighborhood are good. The only thing on the department , but it isnt a big problem, is that it was a bit loud, you could hear the neighbors above. And the curtains, as were transparent, entered the light! But all right, I would choose it again! :) El apartamento de Catherine está fantásticamente situado. A dos manzanas del Guggenheim, Central Park y todos los museos, en un barrio inmejorable con tiendas, restaurantes, etc.    Catherine es una magnífica anfitriona. Todo el proceso de entrega y recogida de llaves fue muy fácil. Además, Catherine fue muy flexible para dejarnos salir tarde el domingo y dejar nuestro equipaje allí hasta la hora de salida.     Hemos quedado encantados!   Great location, the studio is small but comfortable. The neighborhood is great, easy walk to Central Park and to the subway. Catherine was very welcoming and responsive. The apartment itself is definitely in need of some repairs/updates, but there is so much to do in New York that we didnt spend very much time in the apartment anyway. Thanks! Amazing experience. Catherine is the perfect Airbnb host. The apartment was exactly as described and more. Catherine has gone out of the way to make sure the place comfortable and visitors have a great experience in NY, from city maps, subway maps, Netflix, toiletries etc. The location is perfect with lots to do around and plenty of places to have a bite and shop!  Couldnt ask for more.  Would be my first choice on any of my visits to NY!  Thank you Catherine! El departamento era tal cual mostraba las fotos y el barrio seguro. Tuvimos serios inconvenientes con la anfitrióna: al llegar tuvimos que esperar 2 horas para entrar, no se nos permitió quedarnos en el hall y nos fuimos con las valijas a un restaurante por orden de la misma.   Nunca conocimos a la anfitriona en toda nuestra estadía, el novio vino a entregarnos las llaves y después solo hablamos con ella por medio de esta pagina.  Tuvimos Wifi solamente por 2 días, en total alquilamos 9 noches, nos comunicábamos con  la anfitriona día a a día para que lo solucione y ella nos decía que si, pero al final nunca lo soluciono.  Para poder conectarnos teníamos que salir y hacer dos cuadras para ir a un cafe a cualquier del hora día o la noche. Antes de viajar le consulte a la anfitriona si podía mandar unos paquetes de ropa ya pagos para mi familia y me dijo que si. Mientras estuve allá esos paquetes habían llegado certificados por el correo pero muchos faltaban o fueron  robados en el edificio (lo peor de nuestra estadía), le consulte por medio de la anfitriona al portero o encargado del edificio si sabia que había pasado y esta persona tuvo para con nosotros un trato hostil y maleducado. Teniendo en cuenta el problema sobre el Wifi que nunca soluciono la anfitriona, solicitamos a modo compensatorio poder retirarnos el ultimo día a las 17 hs ya que ademas el perfil de la anfitriona indica ser flexible con los horarios. La respuesta de la misma fue no,  de una forma para nada agradable ya que nos hizo sentir la presión de casi casi tener que empacar rápido y deambular con las valijas muchas horas antes de ir al aeropuerto, finalmente accedió a que dejemos el equipaje en el departamento hasta que fuese el horario de tomar un taxi para el aeropuerto pero sin nosotros en la casa.NO LO RECOMIENDO. We had a wonderful time in Catherines studio!! She was super helpful and accomodating with our check in and check out times and made sure we had everyting we needed. The space was perfect for the four of us, we had a comfy bed as well as a big pull out sofa. The studio is small, but had everything we needed, especially the stunning location on the upper east side, a few blocks from central parks and surrounded by cafés, stores and restaurants. Thanks, Catherine!! Catherine is bubbly and a pleasure to interact with however I was a little underwhelmed with her apartment. The apartment is in an amazing location with the subway,  central park and museums close by but It was no where near as clean as other airbnb places I have stayed over the past month and was very noisy.  It is very dark and some things missing like a kettle, toaster, dish washing liquid etc. The internet was not working when I arrived and after some back and fourth communication with Catherine I set up a new modem which arrived on Day 3 of my 7 day stay. She was apologetic about this however it did not make up for the fact that it interrupted my holiday. Checking out was simple. Loved staying in the area however wont be back. Amazing place with an Amazing Host in Catherine.   What can I say apart from Catherine did everything and beyond her means. I booked this at the start of the year for a trip in November, I bombarded Catherine with numerous messeges and she replied with great replys straight away which was great. The Apartment is spot on in a great location with the subway and the local bar a block or 2 away, 24/7 store is accross the road. The place is spot on with all you need and require we even cooked some food one night and all is good there :-) there was 4 of us and we had plenty of space for the week we stayed...Catherine even left us credit on the laundry card which we did and this was easy to use including in this is the friendly block this place is in even spoke to a few locals whilst doing my laundry. This place is a must to stay at cant fault it at all and Catherine is Amazing always there to help and answer any messges you have even once your there :-) thanks and we will be back :-) Catherines place is in an amazing location everything is at hand: many supermarkets and convenience stores, plus easy access either by bus or metro. We didnt experienced any issues during our stay, she was waiting us in the apartment when we arrived and the check out was very easy. We stayed for 7 nights. Apartment was as pictured. Sufficient space for 3 of us, though we each had a luggage and had to put our luggages in the wardrobe to make space for walking. Futon was comfy, essentials are all accessible in the apartment. Great location with 24h stores and a grocer right opposite. Walking distance to Centra Park and the subway. Safe building and neighbourhood, we got back late and there were no issues. Catherine was always contactable, would love to be back :) Catherine did everything to make me and my family feel welcome. Her apartment is very well located on the Upper East Side, right next to central park. We had a great stay. Catherines 2-level apartment is great! Its in a super convenient location close to the park and subway lines. She was a great host and responded to all of my questions promptly and the check in/out process was seamless! Ive stayed at many airbnbs on the UES and this is by far one of the best ones! We stayed at Catherine apartement and out experience was beyond our expectations and ensured our stay in NYC was delightful. The apartement was pretty good and so close to the subway. We couldnt have wanted for anything more and we would highly recommend the apartement for future visitors!  Stefano  While Catherine was easy to reach before the beginning of the trip, when I arrived to check in, I happened to arrive earlier than expected. When I tried to get a hold of her, she was very unresponsive and finally responded after I had waited over three hours to get a hold of her.     While the pictures accurately show the apartment, the pictures leave out the lack of thorough cleaning the bathroom and kitchen needed. There was mold along the grout in the bathroom on the floor and the shower and around the sink. While I understand that this is a ""Pre-War building"", that does not take away the fact that a deep cleaning could do wonders.     It would be nice to perhaps have darker curtains on the windows which would allow for a longer time to sleep in the morning.     Also, perhaps more lighting options for the night as well. I am a huge fan of salt lights (for migraines and whatnot), they do not offer the best lighting options for late night.     I had also chosen this particular listing because Catherine promised that it would be ok with checking out late (after 3pm). Also, when I had contacted her earlier she said her next occupants were coming two days later so it would not be a problem. It was a complete surprise to me that on Monday I was contacted by text message at 12:39 letting me know that knew tenants were arriving that day at 3pm and she was hoping to come to the apartment at 1:30 to clean. I had to cut my trip short in order to come back to the apartment early (I missed going to the Statue of Liberty because of this). I was a bit frustrated with this because I had arranged it before arrival the late check-out.     Catherine was a great host!  Very attentive to my arrival, so much so that her boyfriend let me in right away and helped get my extremely heavy bags up to the apartment.  He showed me around the place and even went so far as to text me restaurant recommendations in the area.    Great location by the park.  Super convenient to the subway.  Grocery in front!      For me the downside was the bed next to the furnace which I could figure out how to turn off...I also did not think to ask Catherine.  Additionally, the curtains are a little thin so if you are a light sleeper take note and bring a eye mask, which I lucky had.    id stay here again Catherine was very communicative and responsive.  She was accommodating to my check-in needs, which was much appreciated.  The neighborhood is perfect for museum trips and is full of great food and drink.  The apartment is shabby.  This is probably not Catherines fault since she is a renter - it is in desperate need of paint and there is a massive section of what I assume is bubbling water damage in the bathroom (and flaking paint on the ceiling).  But, the apartment also desperately needs a deep clean.  Just like her own landlord, theres obviously no incentive for Catherine to do this since she is making money & perhaps a typical AirBNB user doesnt care, but I still found it disappointing.  There is engrained dust and grime in every crack, corner, windowsill, light switch, and in the shower track (ew).  Yes, its an old, old bldg, but that stuff can be cleaned and it really should for $175/night +$75 cleaning fee.  The couch needs to be thrown out - it is so worn out, hard, & uncomfortable.  The bed linens and towels smell moldy.  Fresh towels from Target might put her out $25 bucks.  The towels I use to dry my kitchen floor after mopping are higher quality.  The curtains/rod fell down when I tried to move them and I had to prop them back up.  The Internet/Netflix didnt seem to work (I didnt contact her about this since I didnt care, so no big deal.)  All this would have been manageable (I am a very germ-conscious person, so very sensitive), but Catherine charged a $75 cleaning fee.  She accommodated my schedule by having the apartment ready at 1:30 pm, but she told me her last renter hadnt left until noon and she implied shed had a cleaner come in to clean in between - she was just touching up, she said.  I found that hard to believe as there were whiskers in the sink, hairs in the bathtub, and gunk on the toilet seat.  (Also, she told me new tenants were coming the same morning I left - I was gone by 10am - again, who is cleaning this place?  Not a professional.)  I have stayed in worse hotels for similar prices, but I think she should do visitors the courtesy of a deep clean of the whole place, provide fresh laundry, 2-ply toilet paper, and a box of soft Kleenex, for example.  Also, her fridge had half-eaten food in it.  She obviously lives elsewhere and rents this place on the side, so whose was it?  The whole place felt like staying in someones garage, not an obviously very classy young womans NYC studio.  I made no complaints, appreciate her responsiveness, and did not leave anything but some garbage and maybe a shampoo bottle, so I hope Catherine wont respond negatively to this with an attack of me.  Ive never used AirBNB before and Ill stay in a hotel next time. Excellent location ! Catherine is  reactive and welcoming. Her home is a clean typical NYC studio.  Bring your earplugs and mask (against morning light), you are on Lexington Avenue, in the Big Apple! Catherine muy amable y la ubicacion del depto muy buena. La limpieza bastante mal (estaba el tacho de basura del baño con lo de los inquilinos anteriores y la bañadera con pelos). La calefaccion  funciono solo los 2 primeros dias pero Catherine nos trajo frazadas. Muy bien dispuesta a ayudarnos. Seria muy bueno tener microondas. The apartment was tinier than expected. However, other than that Catherine was a very nice host. She assisted us in every way possible.  Catherine was very responsive and clear on how to gain entrance into the building. She reached out several times during the trip to make sure all was ok. The unit was small and not what I would consider ""two level"" as it only had about 4 steps that separated the kitchen and living space. The party before us had broken the bathroom door and an air mattress which Catherine offered to have fixed soon. Overall, the location was great, the space was barely comfortable but fine for what we needed.  Great location for the money, I wish place was a little cleaner especially the shower. It seems like he requires some minor maintenance such as door locks heater and faucets. You can beat the location. Good location easy to get around and no problems Die Ankunft war einfach und leicht zu finden. Ein kurzer Anruf bei Catherine und alles ging problemlos. Die Lage in Upper East ist phänomenal wenn man Museen, Central Park oder nur das tägliche Leben genießen will. Wir reisten mit zwei Kindern 1 und 3 Jahre alt, die Küche ist perfekt ausgestattet und wir konnten alles für die Kleinen zubereiten. Catherine half uns bei allen Angelegenheiten und war stets um uns bekümmert. Leider haben wir sie nicht persönlich getroffen aber sie war ständig erreichbar und antwortete binnen wenigen Minuten. Das Bett ist super, die Couch ist als Bett umfunktioniert schon etwas ausgelegen, aber es ist auch noch ein aufblasbares Bett vorhanden wer das bevorzugt. Sauberkeit ist für New York in Ordnung. Definitiv empfehlenswert! Wlan funktionierte problemlos,  Netflix benötigten wir nicht.    Catherine was very pleasant and helped with all our questions. The area ,close to ""Museum mile"" was perfect and what we expected. Plenty of travelers needs close by also. The only disappointment was that the second bed/ sofa was very very uncomfortable: holes and ridges.   We have no problems in order to find the apartment . But the apartments were not cleaned . Especially required cleaning bathroom. Reviews from previous guests on the absence of cleanliness unfortunately fully confirmed . Sofa to be replaced , you can not sleep on it .Although the apartments location is very convenient , I do not recommend them ."	0
177	The flat is better than on photo! Tom is very nice and responsible person. The flat is nice, clean. 5 min from Time squire and Macys shopping center.The location is great!The flat doesnt have any view, just a view to area inside of building and you can see just walls and stairs of the building. But the walls are on big distance, not so closed. Tom responses immediately if you have any request and tries to solve every kind of problem. But unfortunately they dont have vase for flowers inside( we asked them for Birthday of our friend)We asked Tom but he was not ready to help in it as well as to change synthetic kitchen towels. They were too bad to dry dish off. He offered to use just paper towels for it. But he let us to stay until 4p.m. Instead of check out time ( at 11:00). We highly appreciate it! Anyway, besides small things we dont like this staying was nice!!! We can come again for sure!!!Hope he can buy a flower vase and change kitchen towels for us !))))Thanks for everything .  The place was great clean up to date kitchen. large Bathroom, Toms Asst. Allan was there waiting for us when we arrived. He was very nice.  location was good steps from Subway to go anywhere.  There is a full size washer and Dryer in apartment which was very convenient.   Toms place was amazing, the photos do not do it justice, the place is huge. It was out first time to NYC and this apartment was in great location to see all the main attractions and has heaps of places to eat and drink in the neighborhood. The apartment was clean and had everything we needed for our stay. Tom had a friend Allan meet us there when we arrived and show us the place. He was waiting there when we arrived and was happy to answer all out questions and even gave us a few tips for where to go for dinner. The second bedroom was really handy to as we had some friends visit for a night. I would recommend this apartment to anyone visiting NYC especially if its your first visit.     Thanks,  Sean and Rach Toms place was perfect for a quick work trip for my colleague and I and it was actually even nicer than the photos make it look. The bedrooms were spacious, the location was fabulous, and everything was super clean and tidy. Overall, a great NYC experience.  El departamento es muy bueno, la ubicacion es excelente. Tiene un metro cercano a media cuadra.  Lo unico que le cambiaria es que tiene un solo baño que esta dentro del dormitorio principal. A mi me atendio un amigo de Tom, fue muy amable. Great host, beautiful well kept apartment will stay there again  The bed is so uncomfortable, and the space is smaller than we thought. But the place of the apartment is convenient, it is not far from the subway station. And it is not far for walking to the Union Station. Yuk!!  Didnt disclose that the  door to building is propped wide open to incredibly busy street creating a safety issue that he failed to disclose. The building itself is filthy with garbage in the hallway and dirty, ragged carpet leading to the apartment. The king mattress is old and worn out confirmed by an inspection by his property manager. Opened a case for a refund as Tom refused.  Tom y Allan han sidos excelentes anfitriones!   La ubicación es inmejorable, fácil acceso al metro y restaurantes.   el departamento estaba en perfectas condiciones de orden y limpieza como así provisto de ropa blanca. todo resulto según lo pactado.   El apartamento está muy bien situado, cerca del Empire State y de Central Station, a cinco minutos andando, por lo que la comunicación con cualquier lugar está asegurada. En caso de hacer una estancia larga se echan en falta armarios en la casa, solo hay uno y está ocupado con material de limpieza. En los 10 días que estuvimos el ascensor no funcionó, y estando en un cuarto piso es algo a mejorar. Although the building leaves a bit to be desired, the apartment itself is very nice. It is ample size by New York standards; the master bedroom is gigantic by any standards. It is clean and comfortable and nicely decorated. It is fully stocked with everything you need, the washer and dryer are a huge bonus. Allan, Toms assistant, was available around the clock for anything we needed. The elevator was broken the first day, but was fixed by the second. The neighborhood is central for anywhere you want to go. It is dead at night, but you can get to other neighborhoods so easily that its not really a big deal. I would absolutely recommend the apartment. The flat was very well situated, next to subways and Empire State Building. The flat itself was in ok condition and well equiped (washing and drying machines, new bathroom, wifi, tv etc.  ), even though the beds are getting old and not so confortable, and the door of the smaller bedroom cant close. But unfortunately the building is in very poor condition and quite dirty. People throw their garbage directly in the corridor next to the lift downstairs, so the smell is sometimes not so nice. The entrance door of the building is always open. The last day we were asked to leave at 11 am, which is ok but then Allan, Toms assistant indicated us an adress of a place to put our luggages for the day which was actually closed, so we had to pay 20$ of taxi for nothing. I had booked Toms apartment for my parents and cousin and her husband when they visited New York. The apartment was in a great location and pretty central to everything in Midtown. We were well looked after during our stay and had access to Allan if there were any problems or issues throughout the stay. They found everything to be in the apartment and the beds to be comfortable. The main entrance of the building could do with a bit of a clean up and it did not seem to be locked at night which was a bit of a security issue. Nous avons été très bien accueilli, l appartement est idéalement situé et calme. Je recommande ce logement qui est confortable et propre. De plus nous avons pu nous arranger pour laisser nos bagages un peu plus longtemps dans l appartement lors de notre départ.  El apartamento tiene una excelente ubicación y es tal cual se ve en las fotos, muy cómodo. El edificio en si no era muy limpio pero era aceptable pero cuando llovía, había una ventana rota y se nos llovía adentro... Esperemos que arreglen eso. Great experience on the whole. Typical NYC apartment. Perfect location close to 33rd st subway and easy walking to Times Square, Korea Town etc.  A/C unit noisy in master bedroom and only access to bathroom through master bed were the only real downsides.   Very good communication from the management team. We arrived in the early hours of the morning from LA and easy arrangements were made for key hand over.    great location; lovely, clean apartment next to multiple subway lines in midtown. Like other reviewers, I did notice the front door at street level was sometimes kept open (maybe by the nail salon on the second floor??), but it is locked at night. The shared public spaces are ugly and dirty, but the apartment itself is a little gem, very spacious bedrooms and bathroom, with washer-dryer to boot! The apartment is quite old and the owner said most apartment here were quite so. The bed is uneven and the AC is quite loud. It took at least one hour before we could fall asleep at night. The third bed is located in the living room and there seemed to be invisible bugs bothering me at night. There is a big trash bin at the gate too! We paid 400 usd per night and what we have got were not equivalent to what we have paid. We paid for three nights but we moved to the hotel the second night. Application for refund was declined by Tom who also suggested us not to try to apply refund from Air bnb.  The listing was as described. Very clean nice apartment. The rooms were large and accommodating.  Living area is small for 5 people if they all wanted to be there at the same time. Futon mattress is very uncomfortable. Location was very convenient, close to train, restaurants and major shopping areas. Not worth the money. This place should cost half as much as asked I highly recommend this apartment. The location is great Good location. But the wash room is just in one bedroom, so its inconvenience for the other one. And there have exhaust fans under the both bed-rooms windows, so it will be little noise. For rest of things, ok. Bedrooms very spacious by NYC standards, great and central location. The apartment is also well-decorated and comfortable. Would recommend! Flat not clean, sheet and bath towel very bad quality. Building very dirty and seedy. Not at all at the level expected when you see very nice photos. The owner is not really so helpful and does not care with issues in the flat (windows very dirty, a door broken...) Great location, we loved our stay. We were able to accommodate 6 people in this apartment. Only probably was the 1 restroom use as it took us a while to get everyone ready and out of the apartment but we managed. Toms assistant was very helpful and responded to every message on time. The outside may look weird but we had no issue with any neighbor or anyone. Great bar right next door to the apartment, was nice to just go down for a drink at night.  Nous avons été reçus très gentillement et avec beaucoup de souplesse. Lemplacement est simplement parfait, sur la 34th, à 2minutes dun métro, très proche de lEmpire State building. All of the reviews are pretty spot on with this place. Its a little local gem with more than enough space and lots of charm. Its not glamorous so be ok with that and youll enjoy this place as much as I did.  This is one of the nicest and biggest apartments I have ever seen in Midtown Manhattan.  It is absolutely comfortable for 4-6 and eventhough the one bathroom is  off of the Master bedroom, its so large, that it wasnt any trouble for 3 girls to all get ready at the same time.  Added to that the Master bedroom is humongous!  Kitchen and living room are also really modern and spacious too, especially for NYC.  Only tip would be to bring your own pillow if you really care about such things, the ones provided need to be replaced. But, thats the only thing we could find as a suggestion for improvement. Appartement très bien situé et facile daccès!! Idéal pour une famille avec enfants. Merci Tom Parking was near by and only 40$ for NYC. We were steps away from everything - the location is amazing! The kitchen isnt fully stocked which we didnt expect. There was a delay picking up the garbage in front when we got there but thats only due to the Christmas holidays. The place was perfect for 4 people, private rooms really help! The bathroom was fantastic and we did laundry which was really nice. Some painting touch ups could be done - but are you really in NYC to look at the walls? We arrived a bit early and were able to access the apartment to drop off our things while the cleaning person did their thing. Would definitely stay here again! Cuando llegamos el edificio precia antiguo y tal pero una vez adentro del apartamento nada que ver.  La ubicación de la casa es sin duda lo mejor.  El espacio es cómodo para 4/5.  La Cocina está bien equipada.  La calefacción funcionaba perfecto, fuimos en invierno así que es un punto muy importante.  La comunicación es destacable, estuvieron más atentos que nosotros con la llegada y la salida. En la salida muy generosos nos dejaron quedarnos hasta más tarde ya que no había huéspedes ese día.  Lo único que podría decir negativo que tampoco lo fue, lavar el baño porque no estaba perfecto como para usarse.  Todo lo demás tal cual lo imaginamos y todo muy bien.    The check in at Toms place was super easy.  Allan, Toms assistant, was great and right on time.  The apartment is magnificently huge by NYC standards and I lived there for 6 years.  The location is great.  Less than a block to the Empire State Building.  Close to Koreatown and great food.  Easy access to the subway, Herald Square, etc.  All good stuff.  The only issue we had was with the odor of the apartment.  We are not sure if a previous guest smoked in the apartment or if it was coming from the floor below, but it was a lingering issue for the 3-night stay.  We reached out to Tom, who was immediately responsive and tried to help, but it was an issue that could not be abated during our stay. Walking distance to Empire state and penn station. Great pizza and coffee shops nearby. One very large bedroom and one medium sized bedroom. Great functional space. Walking distance to grocery store. Great for a family vacation! The entrance to the building lacked pizzazz but the apartment was respectable in size. It could use some new linens and some furniture upgrades, but overall was very good sized for NYC and in a great location for visiting NYC. We stayed a week and were very comfortable there.  Ce logement nous a été proposé après lannulation, 48h avant notre arrivée, de notre logement initialement réservé 5 mois à lavance ! Cela nous ne nous a pas mis dans de bonnes dispositions... Cependant, le logement était correct et laccueil de lassistant de Tom tout à fait agréable. Quelques problèmes deau chaude en fin de séjour et globalement un équipement de lappartement vraiment usagé pour une prestation toujours cher à New-York. Les parties de communes de limmeuble sont franchement à la limite de la salubrité. Bref, un plan B qui nous a convenu et na pas entaché notre super séjour dans la grosse pomme, mais le rapport qualité prix nétait pas génial.   The apartment is in a really convenient place nearby Central Station, Empire State Building, Public Library, Saint Patrick , etc. and of course underground is round the corner. The heating was OK, elevator did work well, the main building entrance is a bit scary however the apartment is really ok.  Some improvements are needed: repaint the walls, repair the door between the living room and the small bedroom. Tom´s assistance was always available for any question and he was really nice and kind to assist us.  Alloggio sito in ottima posizione, di fianco allEmpire state building. Ottima la cortesia di Allan che ci ha accolto ed è stato molto disponibile, alla partenza ci ha permesso di lasciare le valigie in appartamento fino al pomeriggio. Appartamento pulito e funzionale.  Die Lage der Wohnung ist einfach perfekt. In der Wohnung ist alles vorhanden, was man braucht.  Top Very good location. Easy check in process. Good value for money  Toms place made our stay in Midtown very comfortable, convenient, clean, and quiet.  We were there in June 2017 on a hot weekend and the AC worked great.  Very safe and secure a building with easy street access and they provided several sets of keys which was nice.  Both beds were very comfortable and there was plenty of extra blankets, towels and pillows, we did not try out the pullout sofa bed.  Every essential item was provided however you will need to stock your own drinking water, bath soap, toothpaste, and (nicer) shampoo and conditioner as those items were not provided.  With four girls there were only two mirrors to share among us for getting ready so it would have been nice to have a third mirror in the apartment but honestly everything else about our stay was great! We definitely recommend Toms place.  Toms place fit our needs very well. There was four adults and we fit nicely, the living room was a good spot to sit and relax. Sharing the bathroom in the king room went smoothly. The size of the king room was helpful for all our stuff since we didnt mind sharing space. There was water in the fridge when we got there, and Tom communicated with us super well, we felt taken care of and comfortable in the apartment. The location was awesome being close the subway and we enjoyed the Irish Pud below us, The Long Hall. Great place if you are coming for a visit to Manhattan!  Great location. Steps away from the subway and Empire State Building.  Nicely decorated and very spacious master bedroom. Easy check-in and Toms contact was very prompt in addressing any needs.  Great place even better location! Perfect place, great location and host. always available when needed and very accommodating. Would stay here again in a second! Appartement spacieux et agréable, parfaitement situé dans Manhattan. Aucun souci durant le séjour. Merci encore à lassistant de Tom, qui nous a permis darriver très tard et nous a laissé la possibilité de rester la dernière journée. Super séjour à New York ! Logement idéalement placé ! Good location for people wishing to explore New York City. Departamento súper cómodo para cuatro personas, muy bien ubicado, farmacia, supermercado y subte todo en la misma manzana del departamento, un placer! Los administradores de Tom súper predispuestos y me respondían en segundos cuando tenía alguna duda. Lo súper recomiendo! Just as the description states; super convenient location in midtown! The gentleman who helped us with the check-in process was informative, helpful, and very communicative. Thank you! Excellently located, nice quiet, comfortable and spacious apartment. Check in/out was flawless. Good location. Overall we had a great time. Alan, Toms assistant is very helpful and accommodative. The elevator is old though and the one bathroom is in the big bedroom. Great location, very quiet for sleeping! This place fit our needs perfectly, but the quiet nighttime space made it a relaxing getaway. To be in midtown and barely hear sirens and honking horns was very unexpected. Only shame is that the one bathroom is only accessible through the master bedroom, so make sure you’re ok with that. It wasn’t a problem for us. Would definitely stay here again. Toms apartment was fantastic: Great part of town, very quiet (a rarity anywhere in NYC), close to the subway, and he was a great host. Id definitely stay there again on my next trip to NYC. Best Airbnb experience in Manhattan yet! Allan, Toms assistant, was very responsive and helpful! The place was very well located, right on 34th, so it was nice to crash there after a long day. No long train rides for us!!! The place was clean and large for the area. Only thing is that you have to go through one of the bedrooms to get to the bathroom, which is a bit awkward, but overall worth it for the location. Would recommend! Great place Great central location near the Empire State Building.  Easy walk from Penn Station.  Enjoyed our stay. O apartamento de Tom é excelente. Muito bem localizado na Madison com a 34th. Ao lado de um pub e em frente a uma farmácia e um Dukin Donuts. Fica também bem próximo do Empire States e da Macys. O apartamento é bem espaçoso e nos acomodou muito bem. Muito silencioso para os padrões de NY. Os quartos são amplos e as colchas de cama e toalhas estavam em ordem. Tem uma maquina de lavar e secar no próprio banheiro. O wi-fi funciona muito bem também. Allan nos recebeu e foi nos deixou muito a vontade. Recomendo e ficarei lá novamente, com toda certeza. Working with Tom and his assistant Allan were very helpful. Check in was smooth. The apartment was an amazing location! The pillows could use some upgrading in the living room and bedrooms.  The trash in the entry way walking up to the elevator really smelled but I guess there is not much you can do about that  Overall, great apartment!! Great location, great space, the apartment was much larger than I expected for the price. 100% recommend. el departamento esta muy bien ubicado, es para 4 personas aunque 6 pueden estar pero incómodos por que hay un solo baño que esta en uno de los dormitorios...y la tercera cama esta en el living que se hace difícil la circulación si esta abierta. el wi fi puede mejorar, muy atentos en la comunicacion This is literally three steps from the Empire State Building. Great location! Close to the subway station, a licquor store that is so affordable, pharmacies all over and an amazing deli that sells dollar bagels. The absolute best Italian and Thai food I’ve ever had is in walking distance. It fit 5 adults fine. I slept like a baby but there were gripes about flat pillows, lumpy mattresses, and the couch peels like crazy. But thems the price you pay for an amazing location. It was a great stay. Departamento cómodo y muy bien ubicado. Calefacción perfecta, equipamiento perfecto. Cumplió mis expectativas.  Lo recomiendo. Great space - very much enjoyed our time there :)	0
178	"Location, location, location!! When I booked Dereks apartment I didnt realize it was in such a great location. There are so many things in walking distance or a train ride(public transit is right out the front door). His apt is nice size for two people and comfy to relax after a long day of exploring the city. Given that the apt is in the city you would think it would be noisy but not at all. It was so quiet I forgot I was in NYC.   Highly recommend booking, Derek is a good dude who greets you with a smile and tells you to feel at home. Thank you Derek! Derek was a great host. His place is great for solo travelers or couples. Great place to stay in the city!!!! Derek was a great host! He was very accommodating and responsive. The apartment was great. Overall, highly recommended if youre looking for a place to stay in NYC. Derek was on time for check-in. Apartment is neat, comfy, spacious and quiet. Ideally located near Penn Station. I had a great stay. Awesome place in an amazing location. The apartment was super comfortable and very well decorated. Would happily stay there again. Dereks place is the ideal location to check out Downtown Manhattan and experience living there. Even though the apartment is located in the buzzing heart of Chelsea, you wouldnt notice when inside as its very peaceful inside, a real luxury in NYC. Close to all amenities and the subway, its super convenient living there. The apartment was clean, with a large kitchen that was well equipped. Communication was very clear, and we didnt have any problems arriving and leaving. We enjoyed our 11 days stay very much! Such a great location to explore the city. Derek was very welcoming and also provided a great guide to local hot spots near the apartment.  I would be very happy to stay again. Derek was available and communicative without being intrusive. Apartment was nice and perfectly located for my commute to the Bumble and bumble University (about one block over and one down). Next bumble class Ill be here! Derek was easy to communicate with and very accommodating both prior to and all throughout our stay.  He greeted us personally, making check in very easy.  He provided numerous suggestions for attractions and places to eat  The apartment was quiet and in a great location, close to the subway, markets and eateries.  Having bottled water available in the fridge, cream for coffee and plenty of towels was much appreciated. Thank you! Dereks place is in a prime location. Cant beat it! The pizza spot below the apt. was amazing. Tons of places to visit and good food to eat. The Subway is also a 30 second walk from the front door! Derek was friendly and very accommodating. The water bottles in the fridge were a great touch. Thanks Derek! Derek is a very good host. He even waited for us till 2 am to check in since our flight is delayed. His place is very clean and comfort. The apartment is literally close to subways stations and supper convenient for everything. Also its very safe, the whole area is good for living. Thanks for Derek we had a really good stay. Highly recommend~   The location is great. There is a subway station right there, with a direct connection to JFK. The apartment was a bit small for the three of us, but thats Manhattan. For a single person or a couple it would be perfect. It is very well equiped, and the communication with Derek easy going. We would stay there again for sure. Derek is an excellent host, he is very helpful and fast in responding to messages and any questions you might have. His place is exactly as described, super quiet apartment in a busy neighborhood. We really enjoyed our stay at Dereks place. Very easy stay at Dereks apartment during a work trip; he made check-in super easy, and the apartment is in a fantastic location! A great location, a great apartment and a great host makes Airbnb work. My experience with Derek is no exception.  Location: Could not ask for a better spot in the city. Walking distance to Village, Soho, Little Italy, Mid town. Major subway stops a block away.  Lots of weekend street parking if you plan to drive in. Apartment: Cozy, comfortable and quiet despite being off a busy two way street. Small apartment, but very typical for NYC, not too many flights of stairs. Full access to the space so very private. Space was nice and clean. Host: Great communication, very friendly, accommodating and flexible. In town for the 5 Boro bike tour and kindly let us keep bicycles in the apartment. Was also very nice in letting us store some stuff and clean up when we got back after the ride and after check out time.  Derek is an asset to Airbnb.   Derek was a great host. Very clear communication. Smooth check-in/check-out.  The apartment was really great, very convenient for a solo traveler or a couple. The location is perfect as a hub for getting around NY. Appartment is conveniently located in a nice part of NY. Derek is a great host and communication is very easy. Appartment is not too big (what can be expected in NY), but fine for 2 people.  Overall, good location for a city trip.  Derek is the ultimate host. He has a wonderful place centrally located and the apartment is exactly as described.  We would go back again and I will recommend it to my friends. Awesome location, so close to everything and the subway at your doorstep. Perfect place to enjoy Manhattan and a really nice change from the usual Times Square crowds. Loved it!  Derek has been an amazing host, making sure I had everything thing I needed in the check in process and throughout my stay. The apartment is really charming, great location, within a walking distance to much of what NYC has to offer Le logement de Derek est confortable et pratique . Il est très bien situé. Le quartier est super sympa. Derek est un hôte discret et disponible. Le logement est très calme. I was visiting New York for the first time, and was looking for an apartment close to the nightlife of NYC. I found one with this. The apartment is close to the subway, it makes it easy to get around in such a busy city. The apartment gave me a sense of how it is to be an NYC resident. Its mostly quiet, except for the AC. Overall, my stay was very enjoyable and Id do it again if I was visiting New York. Derek is a great host who is very accessible and organized. Great little spot in Chelsea, Derek was great in communicating check-in and check-out. Somewhat cramped with the three of us but it worked out great Derek was an awesome host! He was very accommodating, informative and helpful! He went above and beyond which made planning a stay in the city very easy. The apartment was great and roomy! It was also nice and quiet inside (couldnt hear the street below which is a huge bonus and uncommon when staying in NYC). I would definitely recommend staying here and I would also absolutely book this place again myself!  This is the place to stay in New York.  Its close to everything and is really quiet for the city.  Derek was a great host with excellent communication.  The AC was a life saver during the hot New York summer.   Derek was awesome. Communication was clear even when we were arriving a little later than expected. Place was very clean and had a good homey feeling. Would definitely stay again!  My girlfriend and I stayed at Dereks place for a few days while in town for some work and pleasure and he sets a high bar!  His place is very clean and comfortable.  Its on the backside of the building and thus very quiet.  And a great location. In addition to the West Village itself its a half a block to the subway, to get me to work uptown, get to different museums, get us to Brooklyn to visit friends, etc.  One minor but important thing for us is two sets of keys so we can come and go at different times and Derek could readily oblige, unlike some other NYC apartments. I wouldnt hesitate to stay at Dereks again and highly recommend. Great host and place, Derek was very communicative and dropped the keys off after Id just arrived to nyc. His place is in a very convenient location and cool neighbourhood well worth checking out! Derek was super accommodating of a late check in, made himself available for any issues (we didnt have any, but he checked in with us to be sure), and is very friendly!  His place is in a perfect location right near the High Line park and subways. Its your basic NYC small apartment in an older building, perfect for two people, and NYC is right at your door downstairs. We had a great time. Thanks, Derek! Great 1 bed apartment  Derek was excellent  in communicating check-in and check-out. Place was very clean , and comfortable, great location. In addition to the West Village highly recommend. Derek was very attentive to our requests and helped us settle down and gave great tips about local shopping and travel! The place was clean and cozy and perfect for us!! Would come back and stay again! Derek was a great host and I would highly recommend staying here!  We were met upon arrival, provided keys and information about the apt.  His place was conveniently located near the subway, clean, quiet and the bed super comfy!  Coffee and light snacks for the AM were made available. Nearly all the spots we visited were @ 20 minutes via sub and walking. The apt was easy walking distance to the Chelsea Market and the High Line at dusk was great.  Derek was responsive and accommodating with check-in and check-out and I couldnt have been more pleased with the communication. We were even provided kid friendly recommendations for our 1st NY trip. I would definitely stay again! Derek is a very helpful individual. We had a brief but excellent stay. Great value for money. Derek is friendly and communicates clearly.  The place is very clean and you can not beat the location!!!! Derek was a great host,  easy to communicate with and going out of his way to be helpful.  The location is excellent and the apartment perfectly suited our needs for a short work week. Dereks place is in a great central location and Derek is a great host. He met us at his place, offered cold water and plenty of great tips on the neighborhood. The main bed is very comfortable and the air mattress works well. The kitchen is well appointed so we were able to have a few meals from ""home"" as we were on a business trip. Great spot to explore lower manhattan, efficient space and lots of amenities provided! Es una zona muy interesante, no tan turística y súper bien comunicada, muy animada, para quienes quieran tener una visión de NY más completa y menos convencional. El departamento está muy bien equipado, es chico, pero justo para dos personas. Derek es un excelente anfitrión, disponible para cualquier consulta y con las informaciones justas para moverse libremente. Volvería a este lugar! Appartement très bien situé dans un quartier vivant à 2 pas du métro mais très calme. Beaucoup de choses à faire autour. Une vraie chambre séparée avec de la place pour étaler les bagages. Derek a tout fait pour faciliter au mieux notre séjour (équipements supplémentaires, flexible sur les horaires en fonction des autres voyageurs). Derk he is the best , very responsible his place is amazing very high recommend very clean and comfortable place I had great time . This was my first Airbnb and Derek made it so easy for me to book his convenient place.  You want that NYC living feel to it, this place has that.  Derek was very accommodating and went out of his way to provide spots for bar hopping for my friends and I.  There were 3 of us and we all agreed the couch, air mattress and bed were very comfortable.  You got markets, restaurants, liquor stores, subway all within 10mins of walking.  Definitely would come back and recommend this great spot in lower Manhattan. Great place the second time around too. Derek is a perfect host. Liked all the extra care he puts into the experience. Look forward to my next stay. This apartment is in a great location! It is clean and quiet and Derek was very helpful! This was our very first time in NYC and we had a truly wonderful stay at Dereks place! Derek was exceptionally accommodating and communicative. He was always willing to help or answer any questions we had about the neighbourhood, things to do, places to eat etc.   The apartment is in a great location (w 14th street subway stop is right outside), a very trendy area. The accommodations inside are wonderful; it was excruciatingly hot all weekend but the apartment had some amazing A/C. Very quiet - cant hear any of the noise from the busy streets. Derek was also kind enough to blow up an air mattress as a second bed for us!  Derek made our first experience in NYC a breeze; would definitely recommend this place! Dereks place was clean and quiet, no noise from the streets or neighbors. It is in a great location, close to the subway, Greenwich Village, the High Line, Chelsea Market, etc.  Derek was a great host, provided amenities such as coffee, bottled water, oatmeal and breakfast bars.  Check in and out was convenient, and Derek checked in with us the next day to see if we had any questions. We would definitely stay there again. Great place to stay at, very thoughtful host! Clean, very comfortable (nice memory foam mattress!), surprisingly quiet, and incredibly convenient! I value a clean place to stay and Derek’s place is clean! I felt comfortable from the moment I walked into the apartment. I love the added touch of coffee, snacks and waters available to guests. The main bed is very comfy and the blow up bed was a comfortable addition. I highly recommend Derek’s place and plan to stay next time I am in NY. Derek is a great host. His apartment is very well located and pretty big for Manhattan standards.   Very comfortable bed and literally a few steps from the subway.  Thanks Derek for having me for the week. Derek’s Place is perfect and Derek is very nice and kindly answer quickly and honesty. The place were as described, Derek was amazing host, answering very quickly and wanted to make sure everything was perfect. The location is perfect for viewing the city, as you going out you will find a subway station with 4 (!) lines which can take you all over Manhattan, Brooklyn and JFK airport. Derek allowed us to leave the baggage even earlier check in and after check out which was very helpful.  I really recommend Derek’s Place, Thank you Derek!! Derek was a great host and went above and beyond to help us get settled in to the apartment, as well as checked in with us to make sure we were satisfied. The apartment was small but clean and had A/C so it stayed cool at night. It was also very quiet, we were not disturbed by any sounds at all day or night. This place is also in a really great location a few minutes walk to multiple subway lines, the highline and chelsea market. I would recommend Dereks place for people who are going to be out exploring the city and want to be in a good location. Convenient  clean and private . Good access to city transportation . Congenial and knowledgeable post. Would stay again ! Derek’s place is so close to the subway and the High Line. It’s in a great location. It was quiet and had great amenities. Derek went the extra mile and bought me a present for my birthday! This is a nice, small but very comfortable apartment in a superb location in west manhattan.  I walked to most evenings out and meetings.  Particularly good for Chelsea Market, the Highline and walks along the Hudson.  14th st subway is 30 seconds away and its a really good stop with direct lines to most part of Manhattan that you would want to go to.  Derek answers calls very quickly, and was very helpful.  Lots of clean towels, nice touches like milk in the fridge, coffee and tea and other amenities. I definitely plan to stay there again and can recommend it for single or couple stays in New York. Great stay, Derek is very responsive and a great host! Derek was very responsive and check in and check out was a breeze.  Place was as described and in a fantastic location.  Would definitely stay again! This location is so perfectly located to multiple subway lines, the Highline, charming Chelsea Market and walking distance to too many fantastic restaurants and bars to mention.  Derek is an attentive host and is very responsive.  Love that the building is very QUIET!  Only on second floor, so minimal stairs.   Will definitely stay here again on my next visit to NYC. Derek was a great host who was available for suggestions, questions, or any concerns that we had before and during our trip. The apartment was in a great location and was the perfect place to stay for our weekend in NYC. Very clean and with everything we could have needed. As a first time tourist to New York, I quickly realized the value of staying at Dereks place.  You soon learn that having easy access (literally a 15 second walk) to multiple major NYC trains is a huge help.  The trains literally outside his building provided quick and easy access to central park, 5th Avenue/Madison Avenue shopping, Brooklyn, Soho, etc.  His neighborhood had great night life, but also AMAZING restaurants.  Easy access to dry cleaners, groceries, salons, etc. for last minute needs.  Vintage shops as well as high end department store such as Barneys were all within walking distance.  Derek provides a clean place, plenty of towels, bottled water, extra pillows, and more.  BOOK THIS PLACE for an authentic NYC stay. A very good host who went out of his way to welcome and aid our departure. Great communication. Fantastic location to explore all of NYC on foot or by metro. derek was very communicative throughout the whole process.  the apartment is in a great location and a big space for a one bedroom!  would recommend to future guests! Derek is a great hosts. He was very helpful and accommodating. This was our first experience with Airbnb and we will do it again. Dereks apartment was great for our visit to NYC. I stayed here with my parents for a long weekend. Here are the reasons it was perfect for our stay:  1. Great location. Steps away from the subway that will take you to Freedom Tour, Time Square, Central Park, or Brooklyn. But the apartment itself is not a (major) tourist area so youre away from the massive crowds. I love Chelsea Market and the Meatpacking District which are a few minutes walking distance from his place too. 2. Great host. Derek is a superhost and he deserves the title. He provides all the basic amenities and so much more. Little conveniences like an extension cord so theres an outlet next to each bed and hot chocolate and coffee to relax after being outside in the cold. Hes also a great communicator so seamless check-in/check-out. 3. Great space. We fit comfortably with 3 people. Its plenty big for NYC standards. Youre not going to get a better space for the location and the price. Great space, wonderful host, amazing location! Honestly, this AirBnB had it ALL. I was looking for a spot for my father-in-law to stay for a few days in NYC (he is from San Diego) and we wanted it to be close, clean, quiet and comfortable and Dereks apartment was all this and more.  The apartment is great - spacious (for NYC), clean, very nicely decorated and has all the amenities. It is in a nice building with easy access. One very nice thing about the apartment is that it is very quiet (especially given that it is on a busy street (14th street) but once you enter the building and the apartment you cant hear any noise at all. This was important for us because my step-dad cant stand NYC (LOL) and all the noise! So he really enjoyed the aspect.  Derek also had lots of nice touches (snacks in the kitchen, clean linens, a great TV) everything was just fantastic! Derek himself was so on top of everything - his communications were lightning fast and he was so specific and detailed and thorough with everything. When I picked up the keys he was very nice and so accommodating. This was an A++++ AirBnB. Side note - I told my step-dad that I was going to write this review (he is in his 80s and doesnt really understand what AirBnB is and is a man of VERY few words) he asked me to say his review was ""SUPERB"". LOL. Thanks for everything Derek this was a great stay! :) Conscientious host. Great location. Reasonable price. We really enjoyed Dereks place.   Great locations to bars, restaurants and just about anything we needed.   His place was very clean and he added a nice touch with a bottle of wine to great us.   Overall a great place and we will stay again.   Thanks Derek! My stay at Dereks place was excellent! The apartment is kept in beautiful condition, and is in a perfect location. The place was spacious enough to fit 3 former football players comfortably, and Derek was kind enough to provide some beverages to get our stay off to a great start. The close proximity to the subway made getting around the city very convenient, and allowed us to save money by not having to get taxis or Ubers. It is also in a great spot for nearby bars and restaurants. I would definitely stay at this location again, and would recommend it to anyone interested in visiting New York. My daughters and I were very comfortable in Dereks place.  It was cozy with adequate space.  Derek was incredibly responsive every time I contacted him and gave us suggestions for many specific restaurants which we enjoyed.  He bent over backwards to make sure we felt secure and comfortable in the apartment.  The location was terrific; so close to Chelsea and to SoHo and other downtown areas where we spent most of our time.  He selected a thoughtful welcome gift which was a lovely touch.  We can see why hes a Superhost. Our NYE stay was everything wed hoped, and more! Derek is truly a SUPER host that provided a clean, accurately described apartment sprinkled with thoughtful surprises. Communication was quick and easy. The apartment is in the best location, steps from anything you could need. Derek is a great host! His communication made everything super easy during the check-in and check-out process. He even reached out mid-stay to see how things were going. His apartment was perfect for 3 people (he even inflated the air mattress for us). Great location (right next a subway station and good pizza spot) and host - I highly recommend staying with him! Derek was an incredibly generous host. He was quick to respond, had great advice for touring the area, and was very friendly and accommodating. We couldnt ask for a better experience. Thank you!"	1
179	Sarahs Airbnb was a great last minute find when our original host suddenly cancelled the booking without warning. The neighborhood was great with the subway only a few blocks distance. The apartment is a great compact size for guests who need a place to sleep and get ready for their plans in NYC. Communication wasnt as consistent as I would have liked, but her friend who gave us the key was very helpful. Overall the Airbnb was what we needed for our weekend stay.    Sarahs home was cute and cozy. With lots of natural light, air con, and a real homely feel. There is no elevator and it is located on the 3rd floor. This was not an issue for us, but might be a problem for potential guests with mobility issues. Sarahs apartment was generally clean and tidy, and space was used efficiently. Our only fault with our stay would be that the sheets on 2 beds had stains and grit on them and there was not enough spare sheets to change them. Other than that, we could not fault our stay. Public transport was easily accessible, 7 min walk to subway. Great delicatessens in the friendly neighbourhood. :-) Wonderful host! Will be doing again!  Affordable location, next to line C which takes you directly to the city. we liked the apartment but it was like arriving at someone else apartment.. one of the beds looked like someone took a little nap right before our arrival, so we hesitated and doubted about if we were in the right apartment, there was no toilet paper and the router was disconnected.. One of the days we found a little funny mouse, my daughters loved it, but I cant say the same so I tried my best to invite him to leave.. Nice place. Sarah responds quickly. Bit of a hike to real store and metro. Third floor walk up so expect that. Overall good stay. The host canceled this reservation 9 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Good location, accessible for Manhattan. Felt safe in neighbourhood, good amenties and excellent restaurants in the area Sarah’s home has such a lovely vibe to it. It’s much lighter than the pictures suggest & still cozy too. It’s within walking distance to the trains where you can travel in and out the city easily & there was a v nice little coffee shop round the corner & a corner store at the end of the street. Gave us a real feel for NY life Charming place, just as described.	0
180	"We had a good stay with my girlfriend in Jacki and Phillips house. Its near from central park, subway and different kind of grocery/restaurant. You will sleep on a sofa bed in their living room.  When we were there, Phillip and Jacki were very discreet and it was almost like we had the house just for us but they remain available for any questions. I strongly recommend this apartment :) Phillips apartment is great and in a really good location with bunch of stores, bars and restaurants all around. Great neighborhood and the subway is really close  as well. Definitely would recommend to stay here and will probably be back if Im ever in NYC again!  This apartment was clean, comfortable and in a great spot! The hosts were awesome with communication and privacy, so I definitely recommend this spot Ladresse est idéalement située, dans un quartier à la fois calme et très bien desservi: métro à 5 min, magasins, restos, bistrots, Central Park, les principaux musées (Met, Guggenheim). La ""chambre"" est en fait le séjour de lappartement des hôtes, qui sont très discrets et veillent à préserver complètement votre intimité. La cuisine et la salle de bains sont partagées; cela ne pose aucun problème. Lappartement est au 6e étage, côté rue (77th East), très calme la nuit. A peine la rumeur de la ville... Very communicative about any issues and flexible about check in time!  I always gave 5 stars, however, I should give 1 star first time. Really dirty place. They dont deserve do that. 价格很便宜,不过是客厅临时的沙发床,睡起来真是不怎么舒服。没有门,只有一个门帘。冬天暖气不算很足,有些噪音,能忍受。不过,出行挺方便的,走路去中央公园十多分钟,去大都会博物馆也十多分钟吧,地铁口七八分钟。 Très bon emplacement, excellent rapport qualité prix You will sleep on a sleeper sofa here but for the value you cant beat it. The room is spacious with an eating area and flat screen TV. Phillip will give you your privacy but will be mannerly and accommodating should you need anything. Highly recommended. So easy to communicate with Phillip and it was amazing that he worked with us to check in in the morning. Super convenient location and cute apartment.  I really enjoyed my time in nyc. The appartment is nice and has a very good location. Top! Perfect apartment for an unforgettable stay in NYC! Good location on the Upper East Side.  The room is quite big and the bed/sofa comfortable. Perfect for a couple/two persons. They let you have your privacy and we didnt feel uncomfortable at all! Would definitely go there again! Phillip was a wonderful host, with a seamless booking and check-in.  He offers a lovely, stylish place in a central location on the Upper East Side. It is close to the metro, and also near Central Park which was great to walk to and explore. I would definitely stay at Phillip’s place the next time that I visit NYC. Thank you again, Phillip! Just a 3 minute walk from the 6 line, 5-6 blocks to Central Park, que room is large and clean. Phillip is kind even if he was away from home, he answered fast. 100% recommended."	1
181	We had a wonderful stay in Alexiss outstanding, tasteful and beautifully appointed apartment. Every detail was impeccable and the whole process was a lesson to other hosts in how to do things properly. A terrific location close to everything Lower East Side has to offer on the doorstep. Welcoming, charming, helpful and generous hosts in one of the most stylish places I have ever had the pleasure to stay in, I cannot recommend it highly enough. Many thanks, nicky. Great, well appointed, airy, spacious and stylish apartment.  Thank you, Alexis for leaving coffee pods, milk, wine and beer for us, and thank you for leaving your wardrobes empty, a sign of a considerate host.  The area was perfect for us.  Easy walk to Soho, subway around the corner, great bars and restaurants at every turn.  We were tossing up between West Village and Lower East Side, and we are so glad we chose LES.  Certainly it is not as genteel and beautiful as some other places, but it fantastically vibrant.  I would recommend your apartment without hesitation.  El apartamento es mas lindo y comfortable de lo que se ve en las fotos!! Todo estaba perfecto y Alexis fue un gran anfitrion. Volveria sin dudas Very beautiful apartment, perfect location.  Process of getting the keys was seamless.  I would definitely stay here again. The reservation was canceled 3 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The reservation was canceled 24 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Alexis was a great host. The apartment is larger than it looks in pictures, and a really nice and quiet place to stay. The bedroom is huge with a very comfortable king size bed. Alexis provided us with restaurant recommendations and was incredibly helpful and accommodating throughout our stay.  Very helpful in extending our stay  Aleixs and Lindsay are terrific hosts! Their flat is elegant and a terrific New York Experience. Very inviting very easy to feel with at home. Great space to cook, spend time with friends, and it has all the amenities youd want--- a washer and dryer is a great luxury in nyc when youre in town for several days! Id unreservedly stay here again.     The neighborhood really is one of the most vibrant and authentic in nyc, with great street life and restaurants just out doors. Thanks again Alexis. Alexis is a great host and his apartment modern and comfortable. I would definitely stay there again in another trip to NYC.  Alexis place was amazing. The apartment is MASSIVE - I would say it looks much bigger in person than in the photos. An amazing kitchen to cook in, super comfy bed, and all around a luxurious, comfortable experience. Would definitely stay here again.  We had a great stay in Alexiss loft apartment. We know the lower east side fairly well and we couldnt believe how great the location was.  The apartment is huge and literally had everything we needed. Alexis was the perfect host and we will most definitely book the loft again. Loved everything about our stay.  Very spacious and clean apartment equipped with everything you need! The location was absolutely perfect for us!  Excellent location, clean, and easy check-in. I ended up extending my stay and Alexis and his team were able to accommodate me last minute with no complications. Cant wait to be back and stay here again! Alexiss place is even more beautiful in person than in the photos. Clean, comfortable, spacious.  Very well located in the LES. Make sure to look out the huge windows. We had a great time! The host canceled this reservation 6 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 39 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. My cousin and I stayed at Alexiss apartment while in NYC for our office Christmas party.  Its a very large, open layout but with private bedrooms.  There is one large bed in the master bedroom with a huge walk-through closet/room.   The other bedroom is smaller with a small bed, which is fine if you sleep in the fetal position or are not really tall.  There are several pillows between the two bedrooms, which is great.  The kitchen island is huge, nice stovetop, plenty of plates, bowls, glasses, a single pod coffee maker and a French coffee press.  Very large refrigerator and large washer and dryer.  There are two hair blow dryers in the front bathroom, plenty of toilet paper, paper towels, bath towels, and dish towels.   The heating/cooking is simple and accessible, so you can adjust to your preference.  I love the decor as well.  I was happy to see two large canvas prints of the Beastie Boys and a vintage motorcycle first thing when I entered the apartment.  There are other great musicians photos on the walls and great coffee table books.  The neighborhood is very quiet compared to many areas Ive stayed in the city.  Its a bit far to walk to Times Square, but its easily accessible via the F or M trains and Uber, Lyft, etc. We never had to wait longer than 4-5 for a driver to arrive to take us across town.  Its across from a high school, so the only time we really heard a little noise was from students arriving and departing.  There are plenty of decent to really good bodegas and cafes in the area within short walking distance.  I recommend Dudleys for breakfast or lunch, just a short walk from the apt.   Alexiss friend, Sean, met us upon arrival and departure. Hes really nice, helpful, suggested some good places to eat, and we had a few laughs.  We unfortunately did not get to stay our last planned night because a snow storm was arriving, so we flew home a little earlier.  Sean was able to meet us when we needed to check out early.    I will definitely stay here again if I am traveling with more than one person.  I love this apartment.   This place is stellar! For us (weekend in New York with our 2 small children) - the physical footprint was ideal with one kid in her own room and the other in the massive walk in closet in the master bedroom. The apartment is clean, beautiful decor, very spacious, upgraded appliances. Great location in LES, easy to get around. Alexis is super responsive! We will definitely be coming back! Amazing apartment! Better than pics.  If you like to cook, that is the best you could find anywhere. New and stylish, very comfortable, great services, truly recommended!! Amazing apartment that feels like home the moment you enter the door. We had a wonderful time there and would love to come back in the future. Thanks for everything! Absolutely fantastic place, very cool interior and had everything we needed for our holiday stay.  Definitely will hit this place again for a future visit. Great place to spend a weekend or week  in NYC. Beautiful, hip and stylish home in an amazing location. The apartment is amazing, comfortable, full of the light and beautifully decorated.The location is great. Lindsay and Alexis are very good hosts. We loved staying there and would definitely stay at the apartment again. The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 37 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 31 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	1
182	"Max is very kind and helpful. I would recommend this apt to everyone. Really good guy in a convenient location.  Great for a quick visit to the city!  Clean and cozy.  Max went out of his way to make me comfortable and tell me about the area.  Good bang for your buck, esp. if traveling on a budget.  Walking into Maxs house infused me with a much needed sense of calm, order, cleanliness and care. The apartment oozes thoughtfulness. The couch was super comfy (the sheets and towels too) and I had two of the best nights sleeps Ive had in New York. The Welcome To New York pdf was incredibly helpful and I sincerely appreciated how responsive Max was while I was there. Great, great place.   Cute place off the beaten path! Great price! Awesome host! I didnt see Max until the end but he was available by text right away so got to hand it to him for that :) also had a welcome package with suggestions for his guests which I think shows his passion for NYC and being a host!  The room is really near to the city center, well connected by subways and buses. Its a quite place, but has also many shops and markets for food and basic necessities near.    There is enough space for sleeping, a nice kitchen for cooking and a bathroom with everything, shower as well.    Free powerful wi-fi, TV and audio system for listening to music.    Max is a very nice person, it has been a pleasure meeting him.  He can advices you places where to go, he likes talking of everything, but at the same time is truly respectful of privacy.   In two words: THE BEST.    Thanks Max.    Davide and Manuel. If youre looking for a great accommondation in NYC, i absolutely recommend Max! He is a helpful host (the ""Max Guide"" replaces every other Guides ;) and if you are into local experiences and food - Max knows the best. :) Thanks you! Max, is a great host, he was really friendly to us. We did not get a chance to see him a lot but, when we did see him, he was very helpful and warm towards us.  The house was exactly as he presents it, it was clean, and the size of the house was plenty for the three of us.   We had only a small issue with the size of the bed. Overall, the house was great and Max was a great host. Un hôte super. Lappartement est très bien placé, proche de Central Park mais également proche dune station de métro.  Les canapés sont confortables. Par contre lappartement nest pas très propre. De plus, il faut chaud. Il y a deux ventilateurs à disposition mais ils font beaucoup de bruit donc cest difficile de dormir avec.  Great location, clean apartment, and Max was very friendly and helpful! Would definitely recommend staying here, however the 2 couches are definitely not big enough for 4 people (if they are over 5ft) 3 at the most.  Other then that everything was perfect!   Everything ran supersmooth. All was described very accurate. Max not only being very helful is also a nice person to have a conversation with. And to top it all out he has a exellent knowledge of what are musts. We just arrived from Maxs house and our time there was great. Max was already home and everything was settled down. The place is just like posted. The only thing to know is that theres no A/C but he had 2 fans for us, which was good! We didnt see him much, but he seemed really formal. Answered all our questions and knows spanish as well!! Great place and a very kind host! Greatly recommend! Max was an excellent host! He made the entire process very simple. His apartment was in a great location and was very clean. His response time was almost immediate and he made me feel very comfortable staying in his apartment. He also includes a list of stores and restaurants near the apartment which was very helpful! I would definitely reccommend this host and apartment. My friend and I stayed at Maxs for four nights, it was a great experience! Max was very helpful prior to arrival, and he sent this very nicely made PDF as a guide to his apartment and the city. I know that many of the other reviews mention how great Max is in person, but too bad for us we never actually met Max during our five days there as we ran on different schedules. But that meant we pretty much had the whole place to ourselves and it felt like home. I would stay at Maxs again and hopefully we will be able to sit down and have a chat. The place is as described, and it is very very close to the Central Park. We had a really nice stay at Maxs apartment. It was close to the Metro and in walking distance to downtown. Max is also a cool guy, who gave us a lot of good hints for food, nightlife ect... Definitely recommend his offer!  I stayed 6 days at Maxs place and it was great.  Hes also very nice and kind host. I highly recommend his apartment and already recommended to my friends! The listing description was very accurate - I verified with Max before confirming the booking that he wouldnt be walking through our sleeping area and that was the case. The welcome: Max offered to hand over the keys personally at Grand Central but it suited us better to access them in the keybox outside the apartment. This meant that we might not have met him at all, but he did briefly appear on the first evening of our 2 night stay to say hello and fix up the curtain rail we had dislodged. Brief encounter but pleasant and OK.  We found that B&B does not actually include breakfast and wanted to make our own but there was no knife to cut bread with nor a coffeemaker. We deduced from this and from asking other NYC friends that New Yorkers take their breakfast  on the hoof - ie grab something on the way to work. This could perhaps be mentioned in the apartment info. Sofabeds comfortable. Everything clean. We enjoyed our stay - just what we needed, fairly cheap, convenient for transport and park and museums. Nice but short stay  In New-York. We enjoy your apt Max. So conveniently located and so nicely decorated. One thing however : the faucets should be upgraded. Thanks a lot for your friendly welcome and advices ( restaurants addresses and useful tips ... ) It was my first time using AirBnB and Max made the experience easy. He was great host and his place was a great place to stay. Its located a block from the upper end of Central Park and 3 blocks from the Metro station in East Harlem. Maxs place was very roomy, unlike most hotels and the stereotypical apartment in NY.  It was also nicely furnished.  As a host, again, Max was great. He had the cleaners tidy up his place and kept me up-to-date with when his apartment was available,  When I finally arrived, I was unable to unlock the lockbox to get the keys. I texted Max and he responded right away to provide help. He checked in from time-to-time to make sure everything was okay.  He also left some tour guide books.  In Maxs overview of the neighborhood description, he said its a little rough and rugged. Youll definitely encounter some ""characters"" just hanging around the street. Aside from the occasional noise, theyre completely harmless. Something that I always imagined to see is families sitting on their apartment stoops enjoying the warm evenings with neighbors. Youll definitely see them that here...just like Sesame Street.  My only really was that I didnt come here earlier in the year when it was warmer. If I did, I would go running in Central Park every morning.  If I visit NY again, I would certainly consider staying at Maxs again. Max was an amazing host. He sent us a file with everything we need to use the apartment and to have a good time in NY. Moreover, when we got in touch, he recommended us some things to do and he answered all our questions.  The apartment is very comfortable and it is appropriately located to travel around the city.    Max, thank your willingness to offer a great stay. Max was a great host and was very responsive when we had a question or had difficulty with the door lock at midnight - our fault, not the lock.  We had one problem with the shower and Max was quick to respond.  Max gets 5 stars, he is a great host.    The kitchen, bedroom, and living room were all clean and comfortable.    The shower curtain was so dirty, I think it could have walked away on its own.  My bathroom towel was ripped near in half.  The apartment gets 4 stars, the bathroom gets negative 3 stars.    The apartment is a good size for the price but the area/neighborhood was sketchy.  I think the neighbors upstairs were beating their dog as the yelping, yelling, stomping and thudding  EVERY night was tough to bear.  Add to that the street music EVERY night blasting until the early hours and it was not a comfortable stay.  The neighborhood gets 1 star just because it is next to the Park and we went for walks in the park. The apartment was exactly as described in the profile. Very comfortable, just what I needed. Max was extremely helpful. I asked if he had an iron, he had it delivered very promptly. I enquired about an early check-in he accommodated my request with no extra charge. I asked about local restaurants he gave me excellent tips. I will certainly stay at this apartment next time I am in New York, if it is available. The listing was accurate and the location was great for us. Max made it easy to pick up the keys, we really enjoyed our stay. Maxs place is very comfortable, large for a NYC apartment and located super close to Central Park. Fast wifi and great sound system too. The area is local, not touristy, and gives you a real sense of what its like to live in the city. Everything was excellent!! Thanks Max! I really enjoyed this apartment. Quite spacious for New York style! The area is a hit or miss but very close to the hot spots in NYC. I wouldnt recommend walking outside alone as a young girl but getting taxi or über was easy!    The only trouble I had was opening the apartment door. Its tricky and hard to figure out so that could be adjusted :)    Max was a great host. Very available. The wifi wasnt working but eventually I used a different network. He also let me have a late check out as nobody was arriving the day I was leaving :)    I would stay here again :)    Thanks! This was my first AirBnB stay, and Max was a great host! Communication was great, he was very helpful and informative. The apartment was very spacious and we felt right at home. Neighbors were very friendly, and the neighborhood definitely had character. Checking in and out was very easy and quick. The only issue we had was with the restroom cleanliness; while it wasnt dirty, it wasnt as clean as it could have been either. The apartment is close enough to get to the city in 20 minutes, the commute was so easy, once we figured out the subway system. Overall we really enjoyed our stay, thanks Max! My stay at Maxs was pleasant and well. The place is located in Harlem but what made it so convenient was that it was literally right next to Madison Ave where the bus would drop us off to go home. Its still kind of intimidating going home at night alone (although I was with a friend) so the location made it all the more better. It was also right next to the northern end of Central Park which was also nice even though it was a bit more chilly around the time I went.    Max was also very prompt in his responses and made us feel welcome in his home, as well as providing a list of suggestions of hotspots that we should go, including a very delicious cafe that we tried that was just only a few blocks away.    Overall my stay at Maxs was great and Id highly recommend this place to anyone whod rather stay in a more local area but still have the convenience of easily heading downtown. Awesome apartment! Very close to two trains which is very convenient. Neighborhood is great with Central Park a stone throw away, good food places and people are very helpful and friendly. Max is an amazing host, there for you for anything and responds immediately. Had a great time, thanks Max. The apartment looked just as pictured - large space, very clean and good location. Max was promptly available by text messaging when I had a question which was very much appreciated. My only issue about the apartment was the temperature - heating was not on very much and the common areas were quite chilly. If you keep the bedroom door closed, it stays nice and warm, but unfortunately theres nothing you can do about the living room/kitchen since the heating is building-controlled (bring warm clothing!). Otherwise, its a great place to stay in the city if you want a quieter corner to retrieve to. The apartment is very conveniently located close to two different Metro lines, so moving around the city was very easy. The apartment is spacious and clean, and comfortable. The instructions provided by the host were very helpful and clear, there were many valuable tips on how to get there from the airport, which made my life much easier. A very convenient place to stay in the city. Check-in was fast and simple, as was check-out. The apartment is easy to find, only one block from Central Park, and about four blocks from the 6 or 2/3 train. You cant ask for more than that. The neighborhood is perhaps not as glitzy and polished as other areas, but certainly safe and surprisingly quiet and full of real New York life - bodegas and tiny over-the-counter food joints. We were a little chilly - NYC was in a cold snap, and when the radiators were off, it got chilly in a hurry. Not a big deal, since we were barely there! When we had trouble with the toilet one morning, Max was very responsive and scheduled maintenance to fix it asap. Overall, a very pleasant experience. Max was extremely great! Very, very helpful. Instructions are very straight forward. Location is very nice, right next to Central Park. There is also a great Coffeeshop by the area. Max very polite always there to help whenever I needed help! The host made us feel very welcome with timely and detailed instructions for getting into the apartment and a great listing of sites to see in various neighborhoods.  People in the neighborhood surrounding the apartment were friendly and the streets were clean.  However, during our stay on Friday and Saturday night, various loud parties, domestic disputes and fire alarms continuing through the early morning hours argued against the description of ""retreat"" for this location. Max was such a great and responsive host. He offered great tips before our arrival and had a prompt response to a question during our stay. The apartment is cute and cozy. Its so close to Central Park and a mere few minutes to the subway/busses. We had a lovely time.    However, we were there during a spring cold snap (30s-40s during the day and obviously lower overnight). The apartment was positively frigid. The bedroom had the only radiator in the apartment which went on once that we noticed in 3 days. We found it rather unfortunate because we were happy with the apartment otherwise. I feel bad saying anything negative but if youre there during a cold time, it will be cold round the clock. We really enjoyed our stay at Maxs apartment. It was stylish and clean, situated in a walking distance to 2 subway stations so it was very easy to get to the downtown Manhattan. Communication with Max was great and everything was as described so I highly recommend this place. Maxs apartment was perfect fora quick trip to the city. The location is wonderful and the space is quite large for a NYC apartment. The neighborhood was a little rowdy the first two nights, but quieted down by 10pm. Max was also a great host and always prompt to reply if something came up or you needed anything.  Great apartment in wonderful location. Maxs Insiders Guide to NYC  is outstanding!  Thanks for everything! Maxs place was perfect and just as he described. The location was fantastic and he provided tons of great information about things to do and the best ways to get around. The neighborhood was vibrant and busy during the day but really quiet at night and into the mid-morning so city noise was not an issue at all.  He was really responsive as well - I would recommend this place and would absolutely return.  The apartment was very cold at night. The heat only came on twice a day for a brief period.  The blankets provided were not enough. Max is an attentive host and his apartment is clean, large and comfortable,  in a good location at NYC. highly recommended! Max est un hôte attentionné, très réactif et à lécoute de nos besoins et demandes. Il nous a fourni tous les renseignements, bons plans du quartier,  de New York. Son appartement est plein de charme, très agréable à vivre, baigné de soleil.  Le quartier est très sympathique ainsi que les habitants, serviables et enjoués.  La description de Max est conforme à la réalité; lappartement est proche de toutes les commodités, à deux pas de Central Park, du métro et des commerces.  Les habitants nous ont parlé aussi bien en américain quen espagnol, qui est un plus à nos yeux!  Nous garderons un souvenir très agréable de ce séjour.  Une adresse à retenir! Great apartment in an awesome location. Close to the subway, Harlem, and central park. Maxs recommendations were also wonderful. Max was responsive and generally OK. He has prepared a very cool travelers guide for his guests. Thank you for that!    The area is geo-location fantastic - just by the Central Park with easily accessible different metro stations and buses. Perfect for a traveler.    Safety-wise it is okey-ish. A lot people constantly asking for money, weird big guys sitting in cars whole day, disturbing noises at night. I guess thats Harlem and big city for you ;-)    If you want to use all 3 beds, then reconsider - the couch isnt the best to sleep on. We were in nyc for one night only and Max was able to fit us in last minute ..his place is just as described clean, comfortable and in a great neighborhood ..Max was a great host and I would definitely recommend his place ..Cant wait to stay here again ! Perfect and quiet location.  Everything was as described, and Maxs recommendations for sights to see, places to go, eat, etc. were a nice addition. Un petit coup de peinture ferait du bien ! La neighberhood nest pas classe mais pas insécure non plus. Un peu bruyant la journée et la soirée mais pas la nuit. It was wonderful staying there. Max is very helpful! You need to read his PDF very carefully and you will know many things about NYC! But be very careful and patient to find a parking space.  My host coordinated with me through text, and he was helpful. We were having trouble with the flights when traveling and he left the key outside so we could get in, since it was later at night. However, once we did reach the apartment, we realized that the apartment was not listed accurately because there were problems with the bathroom, such as the tub not draining and cleanliness issues. I contacted the host about it, and he just said the apartment was old and gave me faulty rhetoric. He had charged a $100 cleaning fee, which he refused to refund. I contacted customer service and provided documentation and they then resolved the case and refunded the money. One of the best Airbnb experiences Ive had to date. Maxs place was perfect and comfortable and Max himself was very helpful and flexible allowing me to adjust both check in and check out times. Although I live in NYC I found all the suggestions he left very helpful and got me to do some tourist things Ive put off doing for years. Right by Central Park and comfortable walk to the 6, 2 and 3 trains.   If I ever need an Airbnb in NYC again Im definitely checking this place first Maxs apartment was wonderful and just what we were looking for for our stay.  It is in an excellent location and the apartment was immaculate.  Definitely recommend ti. Max的公寓真的很温馨,不大但是很舒适,干净又整洁。距离地铁站大约五分钟路程,会坐地铁的话就觉得很方便。公寓附近有几间大小不一的超市,自己买东西回来做饭是不错的选择。只是厨房有非常敏感的烟雾警报器,所以不推荐做油烟太大的东西 Max是一个很有耐心而且很热情的人,基本上有问必答,而且回复速度很快,有问题都可以问他。 Kuvaus kohteen sijainnista, kulkuyhteyksistä ja alueesta oli mielestämme hyvin totuudenmukainen. Asunto oli kuvauksenmukainen. Me kuitenkin suosittelisimme asuntoa kahdelle henkilölle neljän sijasta, sillä kaikkien sohvilla nukkuneiden mielestä ne olivat nukkumistarkoitukseen varsin epämukavat. Koska halusimme juosta Central Parkissa, oli kohteen sijainti tätä ajatellen mainio. Max vastasi viesteihin aina nopeasti.   Max est accueillant, serviable, il répond rapidement aux courriels.  Fue una experiencia agradable. El apartamento es cómodo para tres personas. La cuarta no tanto ya que el sofá cama es muy pequeño. El departamento es confortable para una pareja, tiene todo lo señalado por Max.  Esta a una cuadra  de Central Park  y tiene buen acceso a transporte publico, dado que está a 20 minutos  de Midtown Manhattan.          If you are a minimalist on a budget, this is your place. If you require something more, keep looking.  We booked one night. The apartment is at the far end of the first block off Central Park; the dodgy looking characters in undershirts hanging around the front entrance are not our aesthetic.   The apartment house doors are well-secured, the place is quiet, and the living room has plenty of natural sunlight.  When we arrived at the 3 pm check-in time,  the apartment had not been cleaned from the last guests. The cleaning crew showed up 20 mins later.   The  bedroom is very small; the queen bed could only be accessed from one side---making it cumbersome for two people to use. The air conditioner in the bedroom emits plenty of  cool air but bring your earplugs.   Bath amenities were minimal: a sliver of used soap, empty shampoo and gel containers littered the bathtub shelf. You need to bring your own soap, shampoo, ect. The bathroom was well worn: chipped paint pocked the vanity, bathtub enamel worn to a dull finish, many metal fixtures rusted.   Maybe Im techno challenged but couldnt figure out from Maxs instructions how to call up the TV channels. That could use another sentence or two of explanation in his manual.   The owner could easily improve the place with a little effort and a few dollars.  El departamento es tal cual se ve en las fotos, es super comodo para 4 personas. Tiene todo lo necesario para cocinar. Max nos dió sábanas y toallas también. Se encuentra a unos metros de la parada de colectivo que nos dejaba cerca de todas las atracciones y a unas pocas cuadras de la parada de subte. Max nos facilitó las llaves de manera rapida asi que pudimos entrar al departamento a la hora indicada. Excelente anfitrion. Max was an attentive host and provided great information for our stay in NYC.  Connecting with Max was easy and the place is lovely! Max was being very helpful and answered the phones when we needed his supports. I got this message below from Max last minute, not cool!  ""As a reminder, please dont mention Airbnb to any of my neighbors. New York doesnt allow it, so please just say youre a friend visiting me :) Because this is very important, if you do mention Airbnb to a neighbor, you will forfeit your security dep""  this arrangement is wrong.  Max has a strict no smoking policy, this apartment complex isnt smoke free, many tenants in this apartment complex smoke, the fumes are coming into his apartment, I had a difficult time sleeping because I dont smoke and we have children that cough from the cigarette fumes.   Air conditioner in living room had dirty air filters, I removed the 2 filters on the side and 2 filters on the back and water washed the layer of dust off them, also cleaned the bedroom air conditioner air filter layer of dust as well. Thin commercial carpet in bathroom ?, should be  linoleum or tile. Bedroom electrical outlet not secure in wall, broken electrical faceplate.  Small Futon converts to twin size bed, leather sofa is being considered as a bed? This is my third Airbnb stay and for what is being charged per night compared to my prior experiences is a bit disappointing. Suggest to shop around if you have a family and dont smoke.   The apartment is great for three people for a few days, but one of the sofas was not really comfortable and we had to share the bed. The air conditioner was fine considering that it was one of the hottest weekends in the summer. It is close to the subway station and to Central Park. Finally, Max Guide was really useful.  Everything great! The apartment is between Park and Madison.  The Park side is great.  The conservatory is a must visit.  The subway is walking distance on Lexington.   Our stay at Maxs place turned out to be really great. We were safe and happy with our choice to stay in  east Harlem - bringing an alternate view of NYC. Admittedly to start we were reserved in our thoughts but the locals were really helpful and very courteous. Each day we would walk downtown through Central Park and exhausted by the end but always had choices of the subway or buses to bring us straight back. The apartment was clean and tidy with ample towels and linen however the fold out bed in the lounge room needs a little extra padding to make it comfortable. Max was available when we needed some assistance. Friendly and helpful. All in all we are happy with our stay at Maxs. Perhaps a little refreshing of the apartment wouldnt go a stray. Thanks Max. The apartment is great for two people for a few days and it is at the far end of the first block off Central Park. The air conditioner was fine. It is close to the subway station and to Central Park, you can enjoy a nice walk just a few minutes from Maxs place. The check-in process was easy and soft and Max was always communicative with us and available every time we needed it. Great experience with 5 stars!!!"	0
183	Suzanne was very accomodating and allowed us to check-in and out at our leisure. Even provided a way to get in at 11pm on our first night. The apartment is small but sufficient, no wi-fi, but that was known.  Suzannes artist Studio is well located for what I had in mind, for connecting with friends in the East Village and Brooklyn.  Her apartment is a nice space and she was definitely interested in sharing local resources along with the apartment.      Suzanne has a large selection of books, art continually in progress, and a variety of interests.  You will not be bored, and might want to settle some, after the 5 floor walk up!  New Yorkers walk and you will find lots to entertain nearby in the lively yet quiet neighborhood.     I stayed at Suzannes space for 2 nights.  I was headed to a meditation/energy healing retreat in Brooklyn and needed to drop my bags off at 7 in the morning of the check-in date.  Suzanne was was very welcoming and helpful in general, and able to accomodate my needs here!  The space is very comfortable, spacious for 1 person or a couple, and I had the pleasure of watching the sun rise twice over the East River from the studio window.  It is in a good location in East Village (alphabet city), close to the 1 Av L train stop, and many nice eateries and coffee places.  All in all it was a good complement/component of my weekend retreat within the hustle and bustle of the city. Great position And great space for 1/2 persone! Everything is close And Suzanne is always there even if You don t meet her, is the best solution for long period And You ll love the east village atmosphere ! Suzanne was a super accommodating host. The apartment was surprisingly spacious, and close to a lot of awesome bars and restaurants in East Village. My only issue was that the apartment is far away from most subways, so I always had a long walk or bus ride to endure if I wanted to go to other parts of Manhattan. However, theres plenty to do in East Village -- hardly any reason to leave anyway! The building felt very safe, and the apartment had AC and wifi. I had a good experience overall. I already knew the neighborhood - which is great - but the building was small and quiet as described, other tenants were friendly, and overall it was a great place to stay - and a great place in NYC thats a whole apt, especially. Suzanne wasnt in town but she was easy to communicate with, and she responded to any dilemmas I brought her with kindness and consideration.     This was my first AirBnB venture, and I loved the idea of having a place to myself, to feel like I was at home while I was there, with privacy, a cool view of the East River, a great neighborhood.     Overall: bohemian space, lovely art on the walls, great library of books, quiet building, great view, clean enough. Not for someone looking for schmancy Manhattan luxury, but it was perfect for me.  The apartments was great for my stay , bright space and great location to explore East Village.   Suzanne was contactable for any needs, felt a bit burdened by requests to let cleaning services in that didnt show up. However I must say she was really accommodating with times to pick up and drop off keys.   I would recommend staying here! The location was great and Suzannes place is filled with amazing books.  Awesome spot in the East Village. Made for a great weekend in NYC. East Village is a great area to stay with easy access to everything.	1
184	Maria was a very nice host. She was available all the time and provided a very, very clean apartment and bedroom. Four story walk up apartment building in a great location. The host canceled this reservation 4 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Maria was a great host. She was very accommodating and polite. The apartment was cozy and was very clean. Maria  had a continental breakfast prepared for us in the am. We had a short stay so It was perfect for our needs.   Maria was a most welcoming host. She met me at the door and assisted me in carrying my luggage upstairs.  She offered me delicious coffee in the AM and samples of what she was cooking for the Christmas holiday.  The apartment is clean and tastefully decorated with colors that are soothing.  Towels and toiletries were provided.  Great shower!  Maria is located a block away from some of the best eateries Ive had the pleasure to sample and two blocks from the subway to Manhattan.  Convenient, convenient!   While the apartment isnt large Maria has organized the space well.  I had ample privacy and space to sleep and organize my belongings.   A TV is in the room as well as a conveniently located charger.  Internet  access is also provided.  Best of all is Maria.  She is friendly, resourceful and interesting. I felt as if I was staying with a good woman friend.  Her husband Rich was also warm and welcoming and aimed to make my stay as easy and pleasant as possible.  I recommend staying with Maria to anyone.   The place is located at a dynamic, yet quiet and safe, neighbourhood of Queens. It provides easy access to the public transportation (3min walk to the N, Q train station), which enables a 15-minute commute to Manhattan.    Maria and Richie are most kind and warm people. They make the guests feel as comfortable as possible. Clean sets of towels and toiletries were prepared for each of the guests, and the bathroom is extremely tidy and clean.    Thanks for the hosts hospitality and considerateness, the stay in New York City has been very pleasant and memorable. We are very glad that we have chosen to stay with them. I felt very welcome at Maria and Richs house.  The location is very convenient, a short walk from the subway station which is turn is just 4 stops from midtown Manhattan.   We had a lovely stay at Marias place.  The apartment is very well located with respect to subway station and to a range of shops including good coffee shops and restaurants. Her place is very neat and clean, with good facilities for guests. She and her husband were very helpful and accommodating.  Well be recommending her place to friends and family. Maria and Rich offer a cozy room in a great location in Astoria.  Great shops and restaurants in the area and about a block from the train - really convenient!  They were great hosts and very friendly.  Very accommodating to my schedule which I appreciated.  Thank you Maria and Rich! It was our first time using AirBnb and I have to say, it wont be our last. I truly hope others can keep up the high standard Maria has reached. She was an amazing host and her house is impeccable clean, my own home towels are not as white as hers was. Richie, her husband is super nice and made us felt like home. The location is literally 5 mins walk to the subway and there were several shops around. Definitely recommend!! María siempre estaba listo para hacernos sentir bien en su apartamento. Por razones de nuestras ocupaciones en el viaje no pudimos disfrutar del café que siempre amablemente nos invitó, le pedimos disculpas públicamente.  Buen aseo gracias   !! ¡¡volveremos!! Maria was the best of hosts and quick to respond to all my msgs! She was a pleasure to chat with and on our arrival was so gracious and helpful . We found the accommodations just as sunny and bright as her disposition ! The apt was spotless and plenty of room to put our belongings , as well as fresh and clean linens and bathroom . Maria was so kind and offered coffee and shared fruit and kibitzing!we also felt we had plenty of privacy , a difficult balance in close quarters !!!  We would love to stay again soon . Loved everything about our stay with Maria and Richie . The area is quite close to everything we live in Queens as well as a short walk to train, and a great breakfast lunch or Dinner is only a beautiful stroll away :))) Maria is a wonderful host with an impeccably clean apartment! Its on the fourth floor, and there isnt an elevator, but Maria was gracious enough to help us carry up our luggage. Its only about a block away from the N trains Broadway stop. The neighborhood street is quiet but still is close to many restaurants/grocery stores. Loved staying here, thank you Maria! Otima localização! Quarto confortável com ar condicionado! banheiro limpo! Pode-se desfrutar dos artigos da cozinha  para preparar lanches e pequenas refeições! Bom preço! Anfitriões atenciosos e muito simpáticos!! Recomendo!!! This was my first experience with Airbnb and I must say I was really very lucky. Maria made me feel at home during the time I spent at her place and was always concerned about my well-being. She was kind and very helpful when I needed. The apartment was always neat and it solved my purposes. All in all, it was above my expectations. I highly recommend a stay at her place! Muy buena la estancia y excelente atención por parte de la anfitriona María. Estuvimos 9 días alojados en su casa y era como si fuera nuestra casa, en cuanto a comodidad e intimidad. El alojamiento consta de una habitación limpia con una gran cama de matrimonio, 2 asientos, un armario, una mesita y el televisor con canales internacionales, aparte de wifi y aire acondicionado. El baño está muy limpio también y aunque se comparte con María, era como si solo lo estuvieramos utilizando nosotros. La cocina se podía utilizar, el frigorífico, pequeño horno, microhondas y (Website hidden by Airbnb) podía preparar el desayuno y también llevar comidas preparadas para cenar y disfrutarlas allí. María fue una gran anfitriona de la casa colaborando con nosotros en todo lo que podía, así como dándonos información turística de Nueva York. La casa está muy bien ubicada, a una cuadra de la boca de metro Broadway en Queens, a 10 minutos de Time Square. Es una estancia para repetir cuando volvamos a ir por ahí sin duda.	1
185	Aziza was super nice! We booked the room on very short notice and even though she wasnt even in town, she did everything she could to make it work and the communication was excellent throughout our stay and Aziza provided us with helpful information. The neighborhood is the shit, the best Donuts (DOUGH on Lafayette) in the world are a 10 minute walk away and a lot of great places to eat. The apartment is really nice and her room is very charming with a comfy bed. Ill stay there again! Our second stay with Aziza was as great as the first one was, plus the weather was nice which made the neighborhood even nicer than during our first stay. Even though we didnt get to meet her (which is  a shame because Id have loved to), communication was excellent and everything worked out great! Thoroughly recommended! It was a great time in a beautiful and spacious room. The district is peaceful. The hosting was really good. Thank you Aziza! I would recommend Azizas place. The room is nice and she is very good to communicate with.  Aziza has a very nice bedroom, full of beautiful objects and books. We loved staying in Brooklyn. We thank Aziza for her welcoming in her home. The reservation was canceled 4 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. We spent one week at Azizas room with my boyfriend. Although we did not meet Aziza in person, we met her brother and her roommate who were two friendly people. The apartment is located near the subway and it only takes 30 minutes to get in Manhattan. The room is quiet, stylish and also with a private bathroom. I sincerely recommend this place. You will have a great time here.  Although I did not have the opportunity to meet Aziza, her roommate greeted me and made sure I felt right at home during my stay.  Azizas room was heavenly and peaceful - everything I needed to escape the hustle and bustle of Brooklyn!    I am grateful for the opportunity to meet her lovely roommate whose warmth and inviting spirit made my stay even better!  I am beyond grateful for them both! Azizas place was great, really cosy. Met a few other airbnb users that were staying in her flat mates room and also one of her housemates. Really good experience all round. The room was the perfect escape from the busy city! My partner and I stayed at Azizas for 6 days (5 nights). It was my first time in NY and we had a lovely time. The place is a very short distance from the subway - everything was quite easy to get to. Azizas brother and roommates are lovely and were nice enough to point us in the direction of some good places to eat and what to check out.    The place itself was exactly what we were looking for: great deck, a cozy living room and kitchen space we could share with the roommates. The room isnt huge but was a good size for the two of us and all of out stuff and beautiful and cozy - exactly as in the picture. Bathroom is small but separate, which is nice.    Overall - lovely experience. Great people, stylish, cozy place to stay and close to anywhere you might want to explore in the city. Would definitely recommend this place! Even if we did not have the chance to meet Aziza, she was available every time we tried to reach her.  Check in & check out were super easy. Aziza gave us time on our last day as we left her place at 4pm.  Her roomate was lovely & helped us solving the wifi issue we got during our stay.    Her apartment is very quiet & it was really nice to have our own bathroom.  The bed was good.    The bathroom was clean but more aggressive use of vacuum cleaner would help in the entire flat.    The area was not that good. Not so much to do around without using the subway. Great host even if I didnt see Aziza. She was a very understanding person, she knows how to take care of her guests. Nice place, very nice roomates, clean and so funny.  The bed was really comfortable.  Nice location. Very close to the subway. I didnt feel particularly welcome and I never met the host. It is a comfortable room for a short stay but I wouldnt stay here if you were on holiday in nyc. Aziza was a wonderful host. Her apartment was great! She and her roommates were extremely nice, I felt right at home. Her room was spacious, beautifully decorated, and the bed was amazing (I didnt want to leave!). It was also nice having a separate bathroom. I really enjoyed the neighborhood. Close walk to the train and bus stops. There are several restaurants, cafes, bars, groceries, wine/liquor stores within close walking distance as well. Her apt  is also nearby some other great Brooklyn neighborhoods (Williamsburg and Fort Greene) which was great for me. Also a quick 20-30 train ride to the city, depending on where youre going. I would definitley recomend staying here if youre ever visiting NY! Cant wait to come back :-)   Very nice host!Room have a lot of sense of design.The bed is very soft and comfortable.Cant wait next time to see Aziza. Aziza welcomed us very warmly when we arrived late in the night. She had good and helpful advices about NYC. Her room is very plaisant, cosy and calm. The apartment is very clean and her (Hidden by Airbnb) are really nice. Its definitely a good place to stay in NYC. We recommend it. The room and bathroom were not so clean, deep cleaning were needed. I didn´t met the host but she was caring to answer quickly at any time.   The room was amazing, Aziza was understanding and helpful. The house was extremely quiet majority of our stay. The bed was extremely comfortable and the room was so clean. It was our little vacation away from the city in NYC.  Aziza is a very nice, friendly person. The place looks perfect. Enjoyed my stay here. This has been a trip with lots and lots of hiccups for us...except for the dreamy room and amazing hospitality from Aziza. As a host, she did way more than she should and went out of the way to accommodate us with a lot of situations...and I do mean a lot here, because we ran into problem with almost everything. When so much bad luck came our way during a trip we had saved up money for that takes place on the other side of the world, we could hv been hugely let down. But our experience was really a blessing disguise which allowed us to meet such a wonderful host. The room was exactly described- stylish, comfortable and had EVERYTHING we needed. Bed is normally a main concern for us but Azizas was so comfortable I would pass out in it instantly after a long day. I look forward to staying Azizas room again the next time I come to NY (without bringing her trouble like this time) and meanwhile Id highly recommend her room to all travelers. Aziza was a gracious host and the room was just what we needed. Communication and check-in was easy. The decor and ambiance was excellent. Thanks for having us! Very disappointing experience which could have improved by the host.  We booked for three nights and all was going well until we were woken up on the first night of our stay at 12:30am by the host’s roommate and approx. 5 friends. We were forced to ask them to be quiet which was uncomfortable. They initially ignored us and kept up the noise for another hour. The next day we notified the host of what happened and suggested we leave a night early as we were uncomfortable staying there. The host acknowledged that this may make us feel uncomfortable but refused the alteration. The host said she would talk to her roommates about the noise, despite this, the second night we also experienced noise until 1am. We promptly left the apartment after the second night as we did not want to stay the third night. Please bear this in mind if you are booking at this apartment.	0
186	The place was very well-kept, and the location is great since its close to the metro (~30 mins from times square) and has bunch of affordable, delicious restaurants nearby. Moon was also very accommodating and flexible with our scheduling needs, and she always responded quickly whenever we needed to get in contact. Overall, if youre looking for an affordable and reliable place to stay, I would definitely recommend this place. Its really nice place easy to commute to another tourist spot and the kitchen always clean. When I be there my phone waiting activated msg reply. I cant access email and call to her when I reach her accommodate and got the wifi I found kindly mail from her ask about time I expect to reach. Nice place good owner. Suthida,Thailand It was nice to stayed at mrs Moons house. She allowed me to dropped off my baggage in the morning dan came back in the afternoon to checked in. The room was quite small, but it was okay. Subway, market and restaurant are located not so far from the house.  Great host! Such a great find. Moon was a great host! We arrived at the place past midnight and she was nonetheless welcoming and gracious. Bedroom and the beds were clean, we were even offered complimentary towels and toothbrushes. We would definitely return if we find ourselves in NY again! Thank you Moon! It was a great stay, the apartment and room was simple, easy, clean  and accommodating with a very familiar atmosphere. Also a great and interesting neighborhood near to the next metro station and supermarket. Highly recommended. Nice and cozy room It was very convenient location. A few minutes walk to subway which takes us to Manhattan.  Ms. Moon was flexible with check-in/ out time when I asked her in advance. The first night we took subways to get there from the (Website hidden by Airbnb) we were lost! But she texted me to make sure we were okay. It was very nice of her!! It is easy to find and the place was pretty nice. Subway station was close, and there were many restaurants and stores near by too. Room was clean, I spent a comfortable night there. Where we stayed was clean. That being said, it seems that the host runs a daycare center out of the building, including the common areas of the Airbnb. We had someone persistently try to enter our room at 9am (fortunately it was locked, but it was frightening nonetheless). In addition the host runs this first and foremost as a business and is therefore very inflexible with check in and check out (this is a problem if you have bags that you would prefer not to lug around the city). Speaking of the host, I never met her (I dont believe that she even lives in the building, but uses it solely for the day care and airbnb)! She had someone else check us in and we met other women  (the ones watching the children), but never the host. If youre new to the city and need a resource, you are SOL in terms of Moon (the lady who checked us in didnt speak English - we ended up chatting with other guests in order to obtain information). This BnB was very clean and neat. The host was very nice and helpful, as well as flexible and accomodating. I would definitely stay here again. It was my first experience in airbnb and it was so great! Moon is very nice and the room is very clean. Everything is good!! The room is exactly as the pictures. It takes aprox 25 minutes to get to Manhattan. The beds are confortable and it is a quiet place to sleep. Yvonne was in touch when we arrived late evening. We didnt see her after that.   The apartment itself feels like hostel with 2 bathrooms and several bedrooms. Our room with bunk bed was so tiny that 2 persons could not stay in the room at once. One of us had to step out of the room when another had to open a suitcases. So, you can understand how small the room was. The neighborhood is quiet. However, dinner place or grocery store is not accessible by walk. Plan your breakfasts or dinners before you come back to the apartment. The room was as described, but could not get the shower to work and no assistance was given when asked. Was kinda confusing who out host was as there were lots of people coming and going and nobody welcomed us. There were small children running around and crying alot during the day. The neighborhood was cool, and felt safe to walk around. Lots of Chinese shops and good/cheap food. Pretty easy to get into Manhattan about a 30min train We past just one night at moons, it was perfect for our needs, clean, quite.. the best part was when we wake up, we past a little time with the kids. Really nice moment, they are so kind! Room too small. Found a giant cockroach.... If you dont like bugs dont go here  The room is clean and the house is located in Brooklyn, only 5mins walk from the metro station. It is therefore good for everyone who is looking for a cheaper option in NY.  However, I would highly recommend getting ear plugs, as the owner runs a daycare from her house and we woke up early in the morning because of the noise. We also dont know whether we ever met Moon as there were constantly people coming in and out of the house. Overall I feel like this is a wonderful location like they were good hosts clean my shower safe location and I would definitely stay there again thank you Moon kindly provided us with directions to her house, but she forgot to mention which subway line we needed, and there are three subway stations (on different lines) with the same name, which we learned the hard way: Having to walk 10+ blocks with all our luggage was not exactly enjoyable after a long-haul flight. Future lodgers need the N line, which I believe is now included in the description.  Upon arrival, we were not greeted by Moon. In fact, she did not show up during the 10 days that we spent there. To this day, I do not know who greeted us because the person never introduced herself. We soon discovered that any attempts to communicate with our host would be halted by a seemingly insurmountable language barrier: We do not speak Chinese, and the lady who let us in did not appear to be conversant in English. In addition to the roomers, several people seemed to be living in the building. Alas, none of them was keen to talk to us. This also meant that we had no one to approach when in need of help or directions. The WiFi connection is a case in point: We had only sporadic access to the Internet, but we did not know whom to turn to for assistance.  In terms of habitability, the room is passable. Cleanliness could be improved (e.g., by cleaning the bathroom every now and again), and the bedsheets could be bleached, but overall the slovenliness that characterizes the house is (probably) not a health hazard.  One thing which I did not find in the description is that the door of the room does not lock. Although the room next door seemed to have a lock, this one did not. Fortunately, we had no issues whatsoever—nothing disappeared from our room. However, there are multiple roomers and other people present, so this is something to bear in mind. Another minor inconvenience was the one and only window, which houses the air-conditioning unit. The window cannot be opened, so one either perspires in the stuffy room or turns on the A/C, which cools the room rather quickly and effectively, causing the occupants to be cold within a few minutes. This may cause discomfort during the night.  As for the accuracy of the listing, it is truthful: The description is factually correct and the photos are accurate representations of the room. Good value for money!  Good plase,good home,nice room. 房间,厨房卫生间等都很干净。位置不错,离地铁和吃饭的地方都很近。屋子比较小但是对于我这种白天一直在外面玩只有晚上回来睡觉的游客来说性价比很高。 Not impress by the host. First, the place is very noisy with alots of people living in the house. Second, there re no privacy . Third, the room is smaller than the picture. Last, noone speak english to welcome you into the house. The person who open the door was rude and not welcoming guest. Lastly, i would not reccommend this place to none chinese speaker. This was very much as the picture. But it was really nice!     But I have no idea who Moon is, never meet him, but there was allot of other people around in the apartment (that didnt speak English).    The bathroom could be more clean and especially the kitchen more clean.     Otherwise very nice place! The host is very friendly. The room is so clean as described. It is highly recommended! :)   Nice place to live Not bad The space was clean and efficient This place was not very clean and there were so many people there all the time. I was not able to relax in the home at all.  The host is very nice and the room is very comfortable and clean. Room is a little smaller than expected but enough to live in for a few days Our stay was cut short for the weekend at this Airbnb due to various reasons. First, the relative we were referenced to for help since Moon was out of the country was very unresponsive. She never responded when I contacted her throughout the day for check-in so when we arrived, she wasnt there to let us in the house or greet us. We had to ring the doorbell and wait for access. Another house member opened the door and after 25 minutes, we were finally cleared to be shown our room. The actual room itself was clean. The shared bathroom and shower were very dirty. The shower would not get hot. We ran out of toilet paper and Moons relative responded several hours late that shed bring more.  Next, the room we stayed in only locked from the inside so when you leave, your belongings arent protected. When coming back the second night for our belongings we had to wait outside 20 mins for someone to open the door. Once we were inside, the other guest in the shared space was hosting a very loud party with over 30 people crammed in the shared kitchen and living area. We stayed for atleast an our hour with hopes it would calm down but had no other choice but to find other accommodations. What a nightmare. I understand it was a value Airbnb but at what point is the line drawn for a place not being fit to rent? It s a good place , there are a lot of Chinese food around. Really nice place. Not too far from a train station but about an hour into the city  The room was nice and clean but you have very little space to fit your bags in the room.  The location is perfect. The subway station is only a couple of blocks down and there are a lot of little shops to go in around the area. The place is in a safe, very family friendly neighborhood and the room although small, was clean and worked well for two friends exploring the city on a buget. I would recommend to friends. It was an excellent place to spend a few days with my friend while we knew the city. The house is very close to the subway which facilitates a lot of transfers, the house is comfortable and quiet, it has everything you need to get to rest and refresh yourself after a long day, I really recommend it. Moon was a very kind and friendly. I recommend it! This place was a lot smaller than I expected and the bed is a little scary! Hôte très accueillante Buen lugar, excelente precio.	0
187	"Super clean and tidy and very close to so many great places to eat. It was about a 10 min walk over to Central Park which is magnificent! Check in was super easy and Sarahs place fit me and my friends very comfortably. Having two bathrooms was great! I strongly recommend her place! My apartment was being worked on, so I needed a place for my girlfriend and I to stay. Sarah’s apartment was incredible! Beautiful home, great location, and great communication with Sarah during my stay. Will definitely book again when my friends come into town. A nice play to stay in NYC. Cosy,comfortable and great transport links. Thanks :) Great location! Do not stay here if you like a clean apartment, or if you plan on getting a good nights sleep.  My family and I booked Sarah’s apartment for the weekend Feb 8-12th. Pictures are deceiving! Upon arrival, it was obvious the apartment had not been clean, crumbs from a previous renter were found on the rug. After 24 long hours of no sleep, we decided to turn in early, only to find hair and stains on our sheets, followed by an awful odor.  No extra clean sheets were provided, we decided to wash our sheets only to discover that there were was no detergent provided, with two kids in tow at 11pm we walked to the nearest store for detergent.  After 2 1/2 hours of washing and drying (loud noises coming out of the washer) at almost 2am, we were finally able to try and get some sleep, until the only two heaters downstairs broke and it was super cold with temperatures reaching into the 20s.  There are also some exposed pipes in the apartment (do not touch them, they are scorching hot)!! They made this loud banging and annoying sound all night long preventing you from getting any sleep at all.  Drunk, loud young people came in the building at all hours of the night, yelling and banging on the walls. (Not kid friendly) Coffee machine in the morning was covered in grease and old, crusty coffee was left in the pot, again from a previous renter.  I attempted to reach out to Sarah and never received a response nor an apology, never even acknowledged my email. Thanks to Jose from the property management company who came to our rescue and delivered more blankets, sheets and replaced the broken heaters.  Had this place been properly equipped and ready for 5 people and clean, it would’ve been perfect. Super cute place and spacious for a NYC apartment but we will never stay there again, one of the worst experiences in the city that we have ever had. Great spot not too far from Central Park.  Nicely done up and a good value.  Thank you! This is generally a nice apartment in a great location but there are things the next renter should know about and that the host needs to provide on before I would recommend it. Noise: The bedroom in the basement is fine but if anyone is sleeping on the sofa bed on the first floor (which is as comfortable, no more or less, than most sofa beds) they could be kept up all night with the comings and goings and buzzers relating to the front door. This sofa is right next to the front entrance. Hot water: It takes over 15 minutes to get hot water in the shower on the first floor, and the basement shower a bit longer or never at all. Once we learned this, we accommodated and turned on the shower when we made coffee, going back to check on it now and then until it got hot. Light: If someone is sleeping on the sofabed on the first floor, there is no light blocking shade there so its very light in the morning. The basement is for people who need dark to fall and stay asleep. LITTLE THINGS that could improve the experience: Wifi: there was no information once we arrived re wifi and password but host was responsive right away. We needed to restart router and if one person was on the wifi, the other person had a bit of trouble getting on. TV: other people who had stayed there set parental controls on the cable. There was no information about how to use the three remotes and that would have been helpful. CLEANLINESS: The cleaners who left the apartment for us didnt notice the dishwasher had a ton of water in it. It hadnt been checked and was turning moldy and smelly. NEIGHBORS: We were willing to accommodate the request to say we were Sarahs friends and this wasnt an AIRBNB rental but a neighbor was quite demanding and told us she ""knew"" already it was an AIRBNB and that she wanted a way to reach the host to tell the host not to put the street address on the keychain. Once a guest had forgotten the keys in a taxi and the taxi driver brought the keys to the building. It scared this woman that any stranger would have been able to get in the front door. I thought she was being reasonable. EVEN SMALLER THINGS TO CORRECT Nowhere to keep soap in the shower .  Faulty door lock.  Some keys dont work even though there were lots of keys. (Explain which keys are for what). Extra towels please. Drainage in sink slow, maybe stopped up. Dont write that this is 5-10 minutes to Central Park. Its close enough. 15-20.  Its a great neighborhood and a good price if these other things get fixed.  Sorry to be a bummer but these are all things you can fix to make this an awesome place for someone to stay!  S"	0
188	We did not get the chance to meet Natalia but we saw her flatmate who was really nice.  The place is cute, in a nice area, would recomand staying there! Natalia is no Airbnb host. She rents her own room when she is away so she isnt there to solve any issues. She leaves her flatmate in charge but although he tried to be as helpful as possible, he didn´t want to take full responsability. When we arrived we had to wait for him to make a spare copy of the key to the flat. The place is extremely well located, very close to the subway, not far from Manhattan, and the area has loads to offer and felt very safe but the dirt in the flat was awful. There was dust and fluff and hairs everywhere, even inside the bed. We were able to find a clean fitted sheet but none for the pillows or duvet cover. And she had only left one towel for 2 people. Her flatmate had to lend us one of his own towels. Had we been able to find something else that we could afford in an emergency situation, we would have not stayed here. I do not recomend this place to anyone. Do not go there! I didnt have a chance to meet Natalia, but she was more than helpful. Her roommate Sergio let me in when I arrived and was very pleasant to share an apartment with. There is another roomie that I never saw. The apartment is cozy and safe. The room was especially cozy. Its off to the side of the apartment and with the door closed, you could forget that anyone else was around. A nice place to unwind before going to bed. The bed was clean. I enjoyed sitting at the desk to work in the mornings. Highly recommend- in fact, Ive already booked another stay here! Very courteous, friendly and considerate. I didnt get to meet Natalia but she was available through messages whenever I needed to get in touch. Her roommate Sergio was very kind and welcoming. The room is off to the side of the house and feels very private and cozy. Would definitely stay here again! Natalia was great!! very friendly and attentive, the place was all I needed for my stay with an artsy touch which was great :)	0
189	It was awesome  Had a wonderful stay. Very cozy. Canceled it after last minute notice that the bed was situated in the living room Good place to stay, not private at all though if you stay in the main area of the apartment.  Note that there is only a curtain surrounding the bed for privacy and other guests around as well. Daisy is very nice and she does her best to make everything works for you and make you feel comfortable. When I was there she was reorganizing her place, therefore I had to move around and switch rooms a little bit but it was fine since my trip wasnt long and I only needed a place to sleep. The place is very close to the bus stop to Chinatown in Flushing, to the stores and restaurants. But it takes more time to go to Midtown. The room was clean and cozy. Besides moving around but that wont be a problem later, I pretty much enjoyed staying there. 非常好的房子 房间干净温馨 适合旅游居住~ My boyfriend and I stayed here for our first airbnb experience. It was overall a good stay. I do suggest to invest in a more comfortable bed, it felt like we were sleeping on bricks. There was a lack of privacy due to a makeshift room located in the kitchen/living room. (We expected to be completely alone but were not.) However, our host was very sweet and quick to help with any problems, if any. This was absolutely the worst experience I’ve ever had with anyone. First of all as soon as I landed she was calling and texting about when I will check in despite the fact I told her I was busy and would later. She then tells me not to talk to anyone in the lobby. Turns out she isn’t even supposed to be Airbnb’ing the place (found out once I was leaving) which explains why we were chased out by the staff in the main lobby. She then sends her daughter down and my husband and I were taken through the back way, sneaking us in. We get inside and the place is dirty and the space for us is this horribly put together privacy wall made of sheets in her living room with a lopsided tiny bed. Here’s the real kicker, despite the listing saying it was the entire apartment and will be private, it’s not and you share with her daughter and herself.  I bring this up right away and the daughter claims to try and rectify the situation but while on the phone with Airbnb she isn’t able to verify her mom’s basic information. It really seemed she was just faking it so I would give up and stay. Her mom refused to do anything about it and was actually down at a restaurant. Once Daisy comes up, I don’t even see her and she disappears to a back room meanwhile she brought over 3 extra guests. She showed no remorse for what has happened and how I’m now stranded. I call Airbnb myself and received the most amazing support from Jose who guided me every step of the way out of that place and safely to a hotel.  I was extremely tired as I’m pregnant and in a new city and was left stranded while the host hid in another room. This was the worst experience I’ve ever had and clearly it was a scam because she still hasn’t changed the listing and apparently other guests were under the same impression.  On top of this situation she started harassing me and accusing me that I took her key. So while I was trying to safely get to a hotel, she was calling me over 100 times with threatening voicemails and texts about “not wanting trouble” with her and her threatening to call my husband’s place of employment to report him. It was insane. I’m still in shock this happened.  Great location, great building, great host. Extremely nice and accommodating. Would gladly come back again. Warm welcome The place is located at the skyview mall, convenient to shopping,  eating and transportation.   Really enjoyed my stay, Daisy is a wonderful host and I hope to return on my next visit	0
190	"The location was nice although it is far from nightlife. The host lives on the first floor so it feels much more like being a guest in someones house than if you booked a hotel, which can be a bit awkward; however, she is very nice. The place is very nice, but the rooms are tiny and very cramped with the beds in them.  Wonderful!! We loved the location and the apartment was comfortable and spacious. The subway entrance was just around the corner making public transportation easily accessible. There was a grocery store within easy walking distance so that it was easy to make meals at the apartment for my family.  We met another family in New York and they stayed in Patricias apartment below us. It was perfect! Patricia communicated well. She answered all our questions as soon as we asked. She was knowledgable and helpful. When we get to come back to New York we will definitely stay with Patricia again.  This was my first Airnb experience and it was a pleasure dealing with Patricia.  She was available for questions prior to arrival and promptly answered my questions. She met us upon arrival and didnt bother us during our stay. The description of the listing was exactly as expected.  The two apartments comfortably fit the 13 adults and 3 children in our party.  The subway was nearby and within walking distance. Thanks for making our stay enjoyable Patricia.  The directions to the place given by Patricia were very clear, easily understood and followed. Theneighborhood was safe and quiet. Patricias place was well prepared- very clean, beds all made up, kitchen utensils all ready for use. Even thebathrooms were complete including towels and toiletries. When she arrived she came up to welcome us but left us to ourselves the whole 5 days we were there. That gave us thefeeling that the place was all our own. Patricia also accomodated our request fora late night check out. All in all our stay was an enjoyable and comfortable one. Many many thanks! Great stay for our group of 15 people/4 households. Nice quiet neighborhood very close to a Metro station (ca 20 minutes to Times Sq). Fully equipped with everything.  We spent a wonderful week in Patricias house. The house is perfect for 16 guests. It is calm, ideally located on ABCD metro lines, and there is a supermarket 5 minutes away by feet. When we arrived there were apples, pears and oranges on the table, as well as orange juice. We highly recommand this place. Patricia is an absolute sweetheart. She was there to great us and was always available for anything that we may have needed. We loved hearing about the history of the house from Patricia. She is so friendly and a joy to talk with! She also had a lot of information on NYC available and was very helpful answering our questions regarding the subway, etc. This trip was my 70th birthday celebration and she made it very very special (she even had a birthday cake for me). There were 14 of us (all but 1 were family members) and we all had a fantastic time!! The Manhattan house is in a great location, we were right around the corner from the subway, grocery store, etc.  The house is completely furnished including a complete kitchen for fixing your own meals.  We have all decided we are going back to NYC and stay at Patricias Manhattan house again some day!  Patricia is wonderful to work with and her place met our needs perfectly. Nous remercions Patricia pour son accueil et sa disponibilité !  La maison est bien placée, le quartier est vivant mais nous navons eu aucun problèmes, les habitants du quartier sont très gentils. Patricia qui vit juste en dessous est très disponible et nous a fourni toutes les informations et laide dont nous avions besoin !  Je conseille vivement cette adresse si vous souhaitez passer un séjour à New York ! I really loved my stay at Patricias place. We were 12 people who were visiting New York and it was nice to be able to all be together under the same roof. We had the 2 appartments (that can lock individually) for us. The place was really clean and had clean towel, all kinds of shampoo, the kitchen had some basics that we didnt have to buy at the grocery and fresh milk and orange juice were in the fridge for us. Great place! We really enjoyed our stay.  Public transportation is very close.  Two blocks from ""The Grange"", Hamiltons home.  Plenty of space and host has thought of everything you might need.   Logement agréable, très bien placé, parfaitement équipé, adapté aux grands groupes. Quartier calme. Nous navons manqué de rien. Le petit plus : Patricia, facilement joignable, est dune grande gentillesse et ne manque pas de petites attentions pour ses hôtes.  House of Patrycja is very good place ! Very clean , large and comfortable beds , close to subway and supermarket. Apartment is well equipped . Patrycja is very friendly and helpful. I highly recommend! This was the perfect place for our group. We had 6 adults and 5 children and there was plenty of space and had great amenities. The hostess was fantastic! We had great communication before and during our stay. The neighborhood was quiet and safe, but very near the subway, restaurants, and a park. Stay here and you will not be disappointed! We really enjoyed this home it was clean, spacious, plenty of room to house my entire family of 10, the owner provided extra amenities, toiletries, washcloths, towels, great customer service prompt response to any questions, she even gave a complimentary orange juice and water. I will definitely recommend it to anyone looking to visit NYC! Everything was perfect !"	1
191	Elizabeth was a great host and treated my friends and I very nicely. There were some minor inconvenience as the place wasnt fully ready for Airbnb such as the lack of internet and had no hot water on the first day.  However, due to make up these things, Elizabeth gave us free drinks, provided directions on the best way to get to the city, and took my friends and I to the airport on the day we leave.   The place provided a great experience during our stay in New York.   Its a quite neighborhood and clean basement to live for picking up  ad waiting up to JFK airport. It was a little chill during the night and hot water was not excessive. Elizabeths place is great, I did enjoy my stay! Very close to the airport, super convenient :) And her brother drove us to the JFK airport, that was super nice as well! If u look for a place to stay over night close to the JFK airport, this place would be definitely a good choice :) I like it! Checking in is easy and close to the airport The host was very friendly! Though the locality is on the outskirts of NY, its very close to JFK airport! If you have a flight in the morning from NY and you need to stay in NY before that, I dont think there can be any better place than this. its very close to JFK airport and have park site.   The host is nice.   The hot water is not hot at night, but the next morning, it is good.  The Host was welcoming. Clean house.  I absolutely enjoyed staying with Elizabeth. She is not only an amazing host, but she is an amazing person as well. She was very accommodating, and a joy to hang out with. I thank her for opening her home to me during my first visit to New York :-)   My first Airbnb experience was a disaster. Jamaica is an isolated area, the directions were confusing, house difficult to find at night and not well marked? Arrived JFK evening and got a taxiI,  (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) st! 134 st is not 134 ave, the house is in 154 st, scary driving 1 and half hours around back streets of Jamacia asking people for directions. eventually found elizabeth who was OK. Did not feel safe and too tired, so bailed out and went to a motel. A very frustrating costly night  Great Place! I thoroughly enjoyed my time in NYC because of the great hospitality that I received from this host.  We had our privacy with a private entry.  Would most definitely return when I go back home again. First experience with Air BnB and it was a great one.  Close to the airport if anyone wanted a place to stay while waiting their flight.  Even though close to the airport you dont even hear the planes flying by.   I had a wonderful stay at Elizabeths. I came twice during my visit in NY -on the day of arrival and before I left. The place is very spacious, nice and clean and includes everything I needed. The host was extremely kind and also very interesting and fun to talk with, and always made sure I have all I need. The close area is not very interesting but is relatively easy to reach from JFK, so its a great solution for the night before your flight. I definitely recommend it and will be happy to come again. No one was there to provide us access to the the home when we arrived, so we were almost left standing on the sidewalk with our bags.  Luckily our taxi driver didnt trust the situation and hadnt left.  Elizabeth called us back after we had checked into a hotel and was very apologetic and said we would not be charged.   We submitted a request for refund but no one from Airbnb has contacted us after submitting two requests.  There seems to be no person to talk to directly as Airbnb seems to be deliberately inaccessible.  Not sure if Elizabeth has done anything on her part.    I would not recommend this location to a woman alone or a family, not a comfortable neighborhood.     Big tip for the taxi driver. a nice stay   in her (Website hidden by Airbnb)  is hospital ,when i need help,she is always  around me.and the room is near to JFK ,it  is a  good choice overnight  for the early and late plane. Actually, I did not meet Elizabrth, but through our texts message I can say she is a good person . Unfortunately, we could not stay at her place more than 2 hours because it smelled so damp besides there was no AC. If I was by myself, it would have no problem to spend a night there, but it happened that I have 2 months old kid. She partially reimbursed me. the hostess is kind and very careful arrangement~if it can be cleaned much more ,and have air-condition in the basement,it will be better~ Although there were people in the house, no one went out to greet us. It took me a while to find the stairway at the left side as instructed, which was actually at the right side of the house. And it was embarrassing that some people sitting in the garden at the next door were staring at us when we were looking for the door. The neighborhood of the community doesnt seem to be very safe. We packed some food at the nearby Burger King and went back soon without walking around as what we would usually do. The basement was kept clean, and had almost everything (except the hair dryer) we need to stay overnight. However, it was noisy in the basement because we heard steps and voices upstairs until very late in the night and early in the morning. Elizabeth was reasonable enough for not charging me an additional $25 because it was not mentioned by her until two days before we arrived. And the location of the house is very convenient if you have a flight to catch at JFK airport. It was prefect. Elizabeth is such a nice host!She told us the detailed way to the house and give us a lot of kind helps!But the place is hard to find indeed,especially at night.Guestsd better check in daytime~ I found that the value of the apartment was amazing. Great place to crash for a night. Elizabeth was a great host. Her apartment was clean and spacious. I will definently be booking in the near future. Overall decent housing for the night I had a great time in Elizabeths house. From the beginning she helped me with everything-such a good contact and great host! The house is in a safe area and good connected to public transportation-bus stop is just 2 min away. But To Manhattan its round about 1 hour.  I always used The Q6 Bus until Sutphin and then The Metro E To Manhattan.    The place was really nice and cozy. I didnt like that there was a lot of spider webs around and no AC. I didnt get to sleep on the bed because of the spider webs. The location was really far. I got lost a few times. The place needs a lot of cleaning and a tv.  This house is very clean and neat, I had a pretty relax moment while staying this house! Stayed at her place just to catch a flight next day. Elizabeth agreed to keep our luggage next day until late time for free, which was kind of her.   We travelled as two couples with little infant and it was comfortable enough for the price we paid.  The place is a basement of the house and has a little bit stiff air. Would recommend for quick stay to catch a flight next day or night.   It takes about 11 dollars on uber to Jamaica station and 7 dollars on LIRR  to get to manhattan. Roughly it takes 35 minutes. If you take subway from Jamaica it takes about an hour to get to Manhattan. The place was clean and very spacious. Although travel was far it was worth it and it felt like home. Could have a softer bed but overall stay was great Not bad Muy atenta  All good! Thank you! My stay was pretty good. The home was clean.Very convenient. Elizabeths basement apartment was just what me and my band needed for our stay. She was very nice, accommodating and easy to communicate with. if Im in the area again and her place is available I would stay there I think this air bnb is a great choice for students, travelers, campers, bands but I do no think this is a safe space for children.  I was traveling with my 7 month old and husband. The space is fairly large. So I set up her walker so she could stretch her legs a little. She moved one of the carpets and their is mystery powder in all the rugs and carpets. I assume its for pests or moisture but either way i dont know what it its or how toxic it may or may not be and needs to be vacuumed up.   The space is not sealed. You can hear everything, and their are tons of spiders and bugs.   My child now has several large bites I get to worry about.   Do not recommend for children.         We werent in the house much but we had everything we needed while there.  This place is clean. The owner, Elizabeth, is a nice person. If you are looking for the place around JFK, This place would be perfect for you. 지하라서 냄새나고 호스트집과 연결되있어 주인이 내려올수도있어요.  거미줄도 있고 청결하지 않습니다.  제가 가본 숙소중 최악이었습니다.  11월인데 너무 추웠고 온풍기 소리는 너무 컸습니다.  천둥치는 소리같아서 잠을 잘수가 없었습니다.  6일 예약했으나 1일만 묵고 다음날 새벽 바로 다른 숙소를 예약하여 떠났습니다.  도저히 하루도 지낼수 없는 숙소입니다. This place was just what we expected. Id go back every time. It was very clean and the host Elizabeth was easily accessible. We had a great time! Elizabeth was ever so helpful and lovely! She always replied to any questions I may have had really quickly.  Awesome place! Very near jfk Avantages : logement très proche de l aéroport JFK. Hôte très accueillante et disponible par mail. Inconvénients : literie trop dure et pas adapte pour 2 personnes. Beaucoup de bruit, mauvaise isolation. Chauffage d appoint pour 1 seule chambre (froid dans l autre chambre). Logement loin du métro mais accessible facilement en bus. Je recommande qu 1 nuit pour attraper l avion le lendemain. You will love the stay. Elizabeth is a great host. This place is an awesome value for the size. I only stayed here for a night to catch a flight at JFK, but Elizabeth was kind and helpful when I got in. I recommend blowing up the air mattress, since I didnt find the futons or twin bed super comfortable. Wonderful stay!  Spacious.  Clean.  Easy Check-In.  Easy communication.  Safe.  Comfortable.  RECOMMENDED! 离机场很近,10分钟车程 Great place to stay ! At a good price  Shes very nice  Celestes place was perfect for the short time we were in New York and only a 10-15 minute drive to JFK! Great location. Quiet and warm. Close to everything we needed.  Thank you. We booked for four people and pay for extra fee but there ware only two single bed so disappointed and the basement is so much cooler then outside, damp and smells moldy a bit. Horrible Horrible Horrible..!! Please dont book this place. The basic amenities like microwave and heater in the house were missing. Bathroom was very bad and having a very bad odor. Please dont book this place even if its extremely urgent as I did.Also its far from new york even if you come by public transportation. I would definitely not recommend this place to anyone.118$ for one night is extremely high for the dingy hole which I got.  很干净很小巧的地下室,住的很舒适,离机场很近! Celestes place was so comfortable, big, and clean. She was very nice and responsive. Thank you! Its very easy to find the house and it was very convenient for our travel. Celeste is very nice. Great stay at a great value! Only negative is no wifi,and that was my fault for not reading the listing correctly. Easily acc, cider in the fridge was a great personal touch. Very spacious.Cant beat the price in N.Y. either, very close to JFK. The place is real close to the airport so its a good pick. Other than that, the basement is really really cold. I dont think the heater even works. The basement had a strange odor. Its probably dust or something I dont know but me and my friend both of us caught cold that night and we were sneezing. The bathroom is really really tiny and small and really uncomfortable to bath. The refrigerator gives out an old smell too.  The beds are too hard to sleep on, I woke up with a very bad backache. The pillow covers looked pretty old and the sink too was extremely small. I tried communicating with Celeste several times. Although she replied lately, she responded to all our queries. I wouldnt really recommend this place to anyone unless it is just a one night crash in. It needs a lot of improvement and remodeling. Celeste was a great host with great communication and generosity but the bed was really small and uncomfortable. The shower was dirty and the stairs leading to the door was broken and my fiancé fell down the stairs.  Celeste is a nice person!She helped me and my friends to find a restaurant to watch NBA and and enjoyed a nice dinner!Thankyou!Celeste  Close to jfk Its convenient for commuting to the airport. Comodo per chi deve soggiornare brevissimi periodi in zona Jfk. Celeste è molto cordiale e disponibile. I couldnt wait to get out of there. The damp and the odour was a health hazard.  It appears from previous feedback that these are not new issues.  I have been assured that its been taken care of but tread with caution. I got a full refund. Great place. Thank you Great price and very close to JFK . Also Celeste was very accommodating	0
192	"I really enjoyed my stay in laurens home. Her setup is actually quite neat as she rents out all the other rooms to travelers as well, which allowed me to meet some people from different areas and backgrounds. The neighborhood has everything you need for a short stay. I never personally met lauren, but she was a very welcoming and helpful host and answered any and all questions i had. I would stay here again ! Awesome place and great neighborhood to explore. Loved the private backyard and comfy bed. Lauren was an excellent host and provided me with everything that I needed throughout my stay at her place. The room and facilities that I was given where perfect and worked accordingly to my satisfaction. I really liked that each room had its own key and the other guests who where staying there at the same time as me where very welcoming and friendly. Although I never met Lauren throughout my time at her place, she was always on hand to call or text me if there was anything that I needed. If I am every in the area again I would not hesitate to contact Lauren and request to stay at her place again in the future! Une confirmation très rapide de Lauren ma été donné suite à ma réservation. Le contact avec elle était très agréable, elle a répondu à toutes mes questions. Le logement est très sympa, comme des chambres universitaires avec salon, salle de bain et cuisine commune. La chambre était propre et avec des rangements. Le lieu est sûr et sympathique et le quartier bien plaisant! A côté du métro et avec un bus pas loin. Thank you so much for allowing us in your home. The place was beautiful and this was an awesome experience. Definitely would recommend this place to others and will more than likely be back in the near future. My friends stayed there, overall it was ok for them just they didnt like bathroom cleanliness. Good value room, as described. Nice to have an AC in the room and kitchen area nearby. Quiet neighbourhood. This was my first airbnb stay and it was a pretty decent one. I never met the host but the place was nice and well kept. I stayed on the first floor which had a nice sized community space and i appreciated the WiFi password and towels. I will say that the who ever cleaned the bathroom seemed to just wipe around the random hair strands that were on the floor and sink instead of removing them which was a bit gross and the shower curtain smelled like mildew. Another con about my particular room was that there was a daddy long leg spider in my bed and im guessing that was because our room had a backyard entrance and thats probably how it got in.  Laurens place is about a 4 block walk to the G line metro which isnt bad at all and the other people that she hosted were very friendly. So for my first experience it was a over all a good one. Nous navons pas vu Lauren. Cest un appartement comme une sorte  d’hôtel. Ca correspond aux images, cest très propre , serviettes et literie propre.  Chaque chambre a sa clè, avec garde-robe et lit tres confortable.  Il y a dautres locataires, ce qui peut etre difficile pour la cohabitation.  Nous avions la chambre qui a le mur commun a la douche, et les autres locataires ont pris la douche tres tard, ce qui etait tres derangeant car on avait le bruit des canalisations.   Appartement bien placé dans Brooklyn, 1h de marche pour rejoindre le pont.   Not the nicest area to stay in, but four Subway stations within a mile radius. Cheap and comfortable. Didnt meet the host and contact was zero. Was more like a hostel than an AirBnB. I didnt actually meet Lauren face to face during my stay in New York as I was out most of the time.  The room was clean, tidy and was supplied with clean towels on arrival. The room had a lock which made me feel a lot safer when sleeping there and leaving my possessions there when I was out.  There was also a keypad on the front door so that felt safe as well as you can only get in if you have the code.  My particular room has access to the backyard which is nice.  You have full access to the bathroom and kitchen, there are one on each floor so if your particular bathroom is busy you can use another.   It was comfortable and easy to access from the subway. The nearest subway station was a 10-15 minute walk (depending on how quick you walk) left out of the house down the avenue.   I felt safe and happy to walk around the area when I was leaving to explore and coming back on the evening via the subway.   The subway is useful as you can get a train out of Brooklyn and transfer onto any train from there which will take you pretty much anywhere! I would recommend the 7 or 30 day Subway pass as youll save a lot of money if youre going to use it a lot.  When I arrived I had a few questions and even though Lauren wasnt around I was able to text her what I needed to know and she replied straight away.   I didnt meet many of the other travellers but those I did were all very friendly and no one made a lot of noise or caused any bother.  The room was also very quiet and was able to sleep soundly in the comfortable bed.  Also, you are able to leave your luggage in the living room/hallway after checkout if you have a late flight which is so useful as you havent got to carry it around all day as my flight was at 9pm!  You also have access to the wifi which is really fast!  Overall, I had a great stay and would highly recommend this place and Lauren to anyone! Thank you. schlecht im Dunkeln zu finden, schlechtes Bett. sehr hellhörig, auch von Bad und Toilette. ungepflegter Außenbereich mit Rattenfallen. Kein Tageslicht im Aufenthaltsraum. Gastgeber taucht nicht auf, Atmo sehr unpersönlich. Great cosy room. Recommend  Overall experience was good. Room was clean and as described. Kitchen was nice as well for those who cook.  The description of the apartment was very accurate! Super clean and welcoming. Comfortable bed, good storage and great backyard for the summer! I would recommend this place for sure.   The description of the room and house were accurate. Room was nice as was the house. Didnt meet or hear from Lauren while I was in the house. I did email her before and got a reply, but emailed during my stay and got no reply.  There were issues with the heating while I was there, as well as withthe wifi, which I would say didnt work at least 50% of the time I was there.   Overall, my stay was fine, the house is about 10 mins walk from the subway and about 45 mins from Times Square   It was clean room & clean room. And I had comfortable days! This place is located in a quiet neighbourhood, a 15 minute walk from the subway station. We stayed on the first floor for 4 nights, in room #2. The common kitchen area was clean and cute. We had clean sheets and towels set up in our bedroom, so that was nice. However, when we first entered the bedroom, we were also greeted with 7 large house flies buzzing around which really caught us off guard. We had to spend some time swatting them with a towel, and they seemed to keep coming out from the lamps and curtains. Also, we noticed that the bars in the window facing the backyard do not cover the entire window, so with the bedroom being on the first floor, that worried us a little. The walls arent very soundproof, so we would heard other travelers coming and going, even in the middle of the night. The voice level really depends on who is staying in the house. Laurens friend addressed one of our concerns immediately when we messaged her, which was really helpful.  All in all, not a bad place to stay. You do get what youre paying for. I didnt Lauren but everything is ok. I didnt get to meet Lauren, but her place was a haven from the winter cold and conveniently located - easy to get to subway lines around the city.  This place is more reminiscent of a hostel than an air bnb. If youre looking for the real air bnb experience I wouldnt recommend it. Everything in the house seems to creak, Lauren wasnt around at all, and guests in one of the other 9 rooms there were loud and inconsiderate - which nothing was done about by the host. Its a bit disappointing to find a place like this on air bnb, but it was extremely cheap so it has that going for it. You just get what you pay for here, a hostel closer to town might be better. The floor was always creaking and the bed as well was not fixed. The sound proofing is the worst I have never encountered. We were woken up by the loud noise from the living room at 4 am on the first two days of our stay. Lauren did reply to my messages but there was no improvement of that. The neighborhood doesnt feel safe and there were shits everywhere on the street. If I could choose again I would have chosen to stay in somewhere else closer to Manhattan, even it means I had to spend more money. Anyway, it is still a place to stay. You do get what you have paid for. Laurens place was really Nice but she doesnt live here. Its just à lot of room for airbnb guest, which is fine because its cheap and  the appartment is pretty clean (dépending on your co-guests ofcourse, some people can be inconciderate when theyre not in their own home, especially when their is no supervision). Anyway, our room was on the 1st floor, and we realised the 1st night that the window did not close. We let Lauren know right away, asking her to get it fixed or to change room. She answered quickly saying that as it was friday night, she needed to wait monday to be able to contact the manager and that no room was available before 2 days later. (She Also said that she nobody had reported the issue even their was 2 comments about it.) Anyway, we had to stay in this room for 2 days so we used the wardrobe to kind of block the window and took our  valuables with uswhen we went out (not idéal when youre siteseeing! :-P ) So from what I understand, the window should have been fixed in the beginning of the week but Im not sûre as we moved to the 2nd floor for the reste of our stay. Bottom line: Nice appartement, can get loud and a bit unclean, subject to security issues as nobody actually lives there (this is actually a hostel and not an airbnb, despite laurens effort to maintain the illusion) but all in all, a good place to stay if youre on a budget! Everything was amazing! I just loved the place, it was clean and spacious. The neighborhood is very quiet and the place is super close to the subway! Also, Digna is a great host! I highly recommend this place. Digna was very lovely! I met her several times when she was checking in guests. She is very cautious of making her guests feel safe and answer your questions on her phone immediatelly. The place is warm and clean and the kitchen well equiped. Good value as well. Thanks Digna! I had another Airbnb reservation fall through only 3 days prior to my arrival in New York... So, needless to say, I was extra thankful to stumble on Dignas place. She was there when I arrived and showed me exactly what I needed to know for my stay. Very responsive by text and accommodating. PROS: Good price; everything functional; REALLY comfy bed; heating worked great on cold nights; relatively quiet neighborhood, walking distance to great food/coffee, reliable locks on room doors -- felt very safe. CONS: You can hear pretty much everything your housemates are doing... Very thin walls and creaky floors; not a super convenient location for Manhattan trains; because bathroom is shared, it can be tough to get in for a shower at a time you want; Wifi wasnt working for me very well (could be there were too many of us on at once). In all, I was happy with my experience. Any minor inconveniences were offset by the comfort and safety of the space. I would stay here again! Overall enjoyed our stay here. The room was clean and tidy, we were a little bit worried because it didnt seem like the window locked properly and we were on the bottom floor but we didnt have any problems with it. We liked that we could use the kitchen/prepare our own meals. Its pretty easy to get anywhere from here as well whether youre going to Manhatten or elsewhere in Brooklyn. The only thing we struggled with was that it was quite noisy. Both from our bed (which was really squeaky) and from other guests being up in the lounge late at night being really loud and then again early in the morning. Knowing this I would probably still stay again, but Id bring ear plugs. Thanks for having us! At first we loved the room because were from NY and it had a private entrance to the backyard, which was littered with stray cats. The second morning we saw a huge roach crawl across our floor, which is when we noticed there was dirt and dust covering the floors. The bed was old and so squeaky my bf lying next to me woke me up from just rolling over. The sheets on such bed were old and worn. We also had a huge issue getting to use the restroom because the allowment of people per room is too much. Having to hold your bowels in the morning because there are 5 people sharing one room next to you is rediculous. The price point for those things alone and  relevant to location to the train is a joke. Extremely disappointed. Digna has a great first floor assigned just for Air BnB. We were able to check in late which was really great. The whole area was lovely, clean and efficient.     The only thing that was really rough was there was a metal roof cover the patio in the backyard. It was raining that night and there was one, extremely loud, continuous bang on the roof from 2 am to 12 pm. I barely was able to get 3 hours of sleep because of it.  I have no idea of the noise was from the rain, because it was still there in the morning after the rain has stopped.     If the noise had not been there it would have been a 5 Star review. It was an alright stay. I should have done more research into the neighborhood and cleanliness of the space. With that being said, Id rather stay elsewhere.  My stay was great, mostly because of company. Digna gave me all the information I needed to check in and get comfortable. The floor was really creaky, the bed was also noisy, and the insulation was not very effective. It was easy to laugh off with my friend, until we woke up in the morning to other guests screaming about a cockroach. The bathroom smelled like mold and was missing a shower tile.  Transportation was pretty accessible and the neighborhood was decent. Based on the good reviews we chose this cheap option. Unfortunately, because it was quite a misery. In the room everything creaked loudly, the wardrobe, the door, the floor and especially the bed. The bathroom was in bad repair and super dirty and not cleaned in four days while we were using it with 3 rooms (about 6 people). Controlling the shower was very tricky, it was hard not to burn or freeze.   Neighborhood is ok, wifi is fine, and there is a good airco. Contact with Digna was very easy, she responded quickly. But weve been there as little as possible because of the uncomfortable conditions. Yeah, it was cheap but almost 300 dollars for this is crazy.    Pire expérience que jai pu avoir en airb&b, enfin si on peut appeler ca un air b&b car ça ressemble davantage à un hôtel (9 chambres dans la même maison). Chambre très petite, très sombre, humide et le lit une catastrophe. Nous navons dormis que très peu dune part à cause de la mauvaise qualité de la literie et dautre part car cest mal isolé et nous entendions donc tout ce qui se passait dans les autres chambres et pièces communes. Concernant la salle de bain, celle-ci est aussi humide et défraichit et à chaque fois que nous lutilisions elle nétait pas propre. Nous navons pas rencontré notre hôte pendant notre séjour (ni à larrivée, ni au départ). Inutile de vous préciser que nous ne recommandons pas ce logement.  The best place to stay in Brooklyn, very clean. The neighborhood is really nice! I will book again for sure! Digna was an amazing host. We had some trouble with the booking, but she stayed in contact with me until it was taken care of. I will absolutely book this place again in the future.  This place has all the basics for anyone trying to check out NYC.  Booked the room for my parents. Although their stay was pleasant and without much trouble, they did complain about too many people in one room. At one point there were 4 people in the 2 other rooms. There are three rooms on each floor with only one bathroom. So at one point there were 10 people using just one bathroom. they had to wait hours before being able to use it. Overall decent experience, less airbnb and more like a motel opened in a house.  very good , good location, thanks  Perfect stay. Everything I needed was taken care of. No complaints. Excelente hospitalidad para pasar unos días cerca de la gran manzana, Digna siempre está atenta desde su celular ante cualquier duda, el sector es muy bonito y tranquilo.. La recomiendo al 100%  It was good that we could leave our luggage earlier there.  The room and bathroom were not that clean as expected and the window was broken. There were 3 rooms sharing one bathroom, so we had to wait too much. We didnt meet the host, but if I wrote her or called her, she always respond.  But it was not that bad. Very easy check-in/out, 2 min to supermarket, 40-60 min to Manhattan with public transport.   During our stay we didnt seen other guest on our floor, so it was like a room with personal kitchen and bad.  She sends out the ittinerary after booking that specified the access to the premises, and its very helpful. The room is very clean and the bathroom is fine, even it was shared but really proper one. The only thing is, on first day the heather in the room was on and it was really warm and make some noises. But on our second and third nights, somehow the heater was not operating, so we felt a litle bit cold. The kitchen is great and neat, love it. The location is within walk proximity towards metro stations. Very reachable.  Nice place! Digna thank u very much!!! It was nice trip :) Digna ci è stata molto daiuto perchè ci ha sempre aiutato quando avevamo bisogno, sia prima del nostro arrivo, durante il nostro soggiorno e prima della nostra partenza dopo il soggiorno. La descrizione dellannuncio è abbastanza realistica, per migliorarla consiglio di aggiungere foto delle altre camere da letto e non solo della più bella. Il quartiere è tranquillo e la casa è a 10 minuti dalla stazione più vicina dalla quale si raggiunge il centro di NY in 25-30 minuti. Vicino alla stazione ci sono 3-4 DELI, sono dei negozietti che hanno un po di tutto e i prezzi sono bassi.   Abbiamo usato la casa come ""base"" nel nostro soggiorno a NY, la usavamo solo per rientrare a dormire quindi il rapporto qualità/prezzo è buono perchè chi non vuole spendere troppo e non stare troppo lontano dal centro di NY questo alloggio è consigliato, sopratutto per persone giovani. My friend and I had an absolutely amazing stay at this airbnb and I highly recommend it.  Thanks for a wonderful stay. The room was neat and clean. Digna was very nice!! Room was so small and a little noisy but the she is so kind and nice! I enjoyed a lot! Overall is a good place to stay. Digna provided a place with everything that you needed. Everything is kept clean as they clean every morning.  What a cool setup. Clean room and bathroom, definitely a great choice.  Extremely bad experience with no internet connection and unstable heating in the room under cold winter, unable to contact the host for help Es una casa super recomendable, nosotros nos alojamos 2 meses en la habitacion que tiene jardin, nos sentimos muy comodos y siempre Digna estuvo ante una inquietud, o si algo habia que resolver. Gracias por todo!!  Nice stay. Everything was fine. Dignas room was exactly as advertised. Check-in was easy, the flat was nice in a good location for public transport. One issue arose but it was dealt with quickly and efficiently. Easily felt at home. It was very nice to stay at Dignas place. I would recommend it to all those who want to explore Brooklyn or Queens. If you plan to see Manhatten the airbnb might be too far away. (I might have this impressions, because when I stayed the green subway line was under construction and it was not too easy to get to midtown manhatten)   The place has a very nice and full equipped kitchen that you can use. This is a great advantage if you want to cook by yourself. There is a grocery store at the next corner.  The shared bathrooms were very clean since someone came to clean them every day!   The accommodation was easy to find. It is conveniently located between different subway stations and shopping facilities are nearby. We arrived very late but through the door code we had easy access to the house. We found a fresh bed and in our room was the light on. We felt welcome. The bed was very comfortable. Unfortunately, we could sleep really well after we bought Oropax. The toilet flush could and should be repaired urgently. The entire condition of the apartment is simple. But absolutely functional and the ratio price / performance is in order. In part we had very nice neighbors! Thank you Digna. Clean, comfortable and close to two subway stations around 12 minute walk. Host was very helpful and always responded to concerns/questions promptly. Very good price for what you get and area is safe and nice! Would definitely recommend staying here.  Its a very nice place, its worth to come back Accurate listing, nice size rooms. The main issue is the bathroom because its shared... If you dont time it just right you could be left waiting to use the bathroom for hours. All in all would stay again!  Digna is very helpful with communication. I lost my card and sent it to the residence and it was waiting for me inside a few days later, it made my week.  This a clean, convenient and super cozy town home.  Digna was very friendly and communicated well. The room I was is was clean and had access to the back yard.  The room, Room 2 is small but was well suited for me. Might be a tight fit for more than one but Digna has other great rooms in the house too.  Nearby I would recommend Brooklyn Blend and Burys Coffee for eats. This was a Very nice place to stay.  I didnt get to meet Digna, but she was very helpful via messages. The room was good, the private yard was nice but there was no light on it so it couldnt be used at night. It is a place near to the public transportation and various restaurants. The place is is clean but could be a little noisy in the room. After all, living in this room is a pleasant experience for me Had a nice weekend attending a concert at a nearby park. This place was close to transportation and I loved how there was a private backyard just for your room. Would stay again for sure. Thanks for everything  Great place to stay! I loved having a private room that came with a key so I could leave my stuff without worrying about it. Great location with only a 10-15 minute walk to the G train. I was provided with clean towels, sheets and the bathroom was clean. Full use of kitchen appliances too. Digna was also very sweet. Необычный номер с собственным задним двориком для любителей природы. От метро находится в нескольких кварталах. Остановки автобусов рядом, в паре шагов от крыльца. Staying there was totally okay. The bed was comfy and the room was as described. The bathroom however wasnt really clean ( I am from Germany so maybe I am a little picky ).  The neighborhood looked a bit worn down but was fine and the metro station was as close as described.  If you need a place to stay, to explore the city you can stay here. Good place to stay, i liked the idea that the flat has a big commoun space. It felt like you had your own flat. The only bad thing was that the bathroom had a part of the wall broken and bugs got in Good location, host was very accommodating, let us keep drop our bags before check in and keep them late for checkout. The bathroom on our floor was being repaired which was slightly inconvienant. Daisy is a very responsible landlord. The room leading to the backyard is a surprise, you should have a good repair of the backyard, very beautiful. Unfortunately, I saw a lot of cockroaches in the bathroom. The other is great Very easy to check in and the space of the room is good enough. It might not be super close to Manhattan but is a good location. Like 13 min walk to Bedford station. Everything was good,the only bad thing is that the room and level where we stayed was quite humid. Price is fair, the room is nice, I give it four stars because the heater wast working maybe because it is still October. Overall its okay, nothing too bad or too good.  The place is close to bus stops (2 min) or metro (15 min).  Host was unreachable at the end of the stay.  The bathroom at ground floor was not really clean. Great community and location from Manhattan. Really enjoyed the set up a lot. It felt nice having a private room with a lock. It was super pleasant having our own private backyard even though we didn’t get out there much. The bathroom and common areas where all super clean. Checking in was really easy and a good example of how to handle Airbnb check ins. There’s a good chance I will be looking in to this location again next time I’m ready to come to NYC. We had a nice room with access to backyard. Bathroom was nice and cleaned daily. Kitchen was well equipped. Great location, close to the Subway. Very cozy and clean! Highly recommend. The room was not the same as the picture and the temperature was extremely hot and they cut it completely off and the house was extremely cold there was no medium I dont have a good stay here. First, the house looks much older, smaller and darker then the pictures show. Also, this is not the cleanest place I have stayed at. Second, the location isnt as close as what the host have described to be. The closest subway is about 15 mins walk, which I believe its kind of inconvenience.  Thirdly, the room I stayed in has a pipe that constantly makes super loud noise, especially during weird time. Such as, 4:30 am or 7 in the morning. This is super disturbing and I could barely sleep while staying here. The most annoying part for this stay is that, the host is almost impossible to reach. Not only does the host reply the message slowly, sometime the host will just assume everything is fine and ignore my questions. During my stay at Daisys, the host accidentally asked the cleaning ladies to clean our bedroom without permission, afterward we have lost some personal belonging.  Not only does the host DID NOT info us about the mistaken room cleaning situation on her behave, the host DID NOT help returning our personal belonging after we checked out the room. As the result, it is unfortunate to say but we still didnt receive our lost item, or proper apologize from the host. Overall, I feel like people could easily find a much better room with the same of cheaper amount of money. The room was clean, the only issue was that the heater didn’t work but we got a portable one, overall our stay was good! Daisys place is super nice! It has a social hostel vibe, and is very clean. Each floor has 3 rooms and 1 bathroom. Its perfect for the budget traveller who wants to be in brooklyn. Highly recommend! Quite far away from the nearest subway station. It was either cold or noisy (because of the house heater system) in the room. Had to ask for a portable one. Other than that price is good. And facilities are fine. This is a good spot if you just need a spot to sleep and are out most of the day. The room I was in, in my opinion, needs renovation and the bath could use a little more love. I did not see the host the entire time I was there and there was little communication between us. Not that there necessarily needed to be but it wouldve been nice to atleast meet the owner of the apartment I was in. The heater was lit though!!"	0
193	En Français plus bas     *********  We had a great time! the apartment is like the pictures, comfortable, clean, bright, warm, like the neighborhood! you will find all the convenience to eat, do your grocery shopping and your shifting .    The metro station is close by and the lines across Manhattan from north to south, facilitating access to all areas !!! no car needed!    Communication with Ijeoma is nice, she is available, attentive to our requests!    I really recommend this apartment for your visit, we will know where to go next time :)  *************    Nous avons passé un excellent séjour ! lappartement est comme sur les photos, confortable, propre, lumineux, chaleureux, tout comme le quartier ! vous y trouverez toutes les commodités pour manger, faire vos courses et vous déplacer.    La station de métro est tout proche et les lignes traversent Manhattan du nord au sud, facilitant laccès à tous les quartiers !!! pas besoin de voiture !    La communication avec  Ijeoma est sympa, elle est dispo, attentive à nos demandes !     je recommande vraiment cette appartement pour votre passage à la grande pomme, nous saurons où aller la prochaine fois :) lJeoma was a great host! My friend and I traveled to NYC for a quick trip over winter break. We were looking for places that allowed flexible check ins/check outs but were also affordable as we both are still students. Ljeoma’s studio in Harlem was very affordable and close to public transit (~5 mins walk). The coffee shop that holds her keys is close as well. She was very responsive when I initially arrived and made sure everything was good to go! Her place was very well decorated, cleaned, and fully stocked! I have been raving about the affordability and location of the stay ever since we got back to family and friends. Thank you Ljeoma for opening your place up to my friend and I as we had a great experience exploring NYC! We traveled for new year and the experience was amazing! The apartment is very comfortable for a couple, clean and bright. The station is close (line 3) for all the historic sites in NY. ljeoma is always available and nice. Thanks for your hospitality, we really felt like a home! Ijeomas appartment was my lovely house during my first trip to NY. I was there with my girlfriend and we enjoyed the place. It is exactly the same as the pictures, the bed is wonderful and it might be a problem for you to wake up and go visiting the city ^^ . The neighbourhood is quiet, everything around supermarket groceries and some restaurants, only 3 minutes by walking. There are many buses, the line 3 is 2 streets away and you can join the lines ABCD with the bus RX19 in something like 5/10 minutes . The RX19 stop is across the street of the line 3. So its very easy to move all around New York! To finish, Ijeoma quickly answered all my questions on (Hidden by Airbnb) , gave us some advices, a nice person :) .  Do not hesitate to choose this place guys! It was such a pleasure to stay at Ijeomas place! To say it was beautiful would be an understatement because her apartment was GORGEOUS!! From the decor to the inspirational quotes on the wall, I almost didnt want to leave! The neighborhood is very safe and in a convenient location near trains.    Ijeoma is also a caring host. When I struggled to fully close a window she FaceTimed with me in order to give me step by step instruction on how to do so. Shes also generous in offering to share the natural hair products she had, which made my afro very happy!    I would stay here again and I would recommend her space! 房东的房子很棒,风景超级好,楼下虽然有地铁,但是公交车其实更方便。街区吃的很多,虽然是黑人区,但是治安也很不错。这个价格绝对对得起这个房子了。 Charming, fun, and classy host with fluent commication.   Appreciated the decor,  tidy well kept home, and generously provided amenities.  The location turned out better than expected, busy area with frequent trains and busses servicing the area. Thank you! The host made me feel welcome, and was very responsive to my questions. The apartment was clean, well-equipped, and had great wifi and furnishings. Exactly as described.  Ijeoma was such a great host. She give us all the infos we Need about her house and always reply back very quickly everytime we write to her.  The apartment is as beautiful as described in pictures.  The kitchen is fully equipped With everything you could need to cook.  Clean bathroom full of Ijeomas haircare products.    We had a lot of fun With the TV, Chromecast, Netflix and wii. Me and my boyfriend who came from Madrid we really enjoyed the apartment.  It was big, the areahas a lot of shops. We were worried about the area...but nothing to be worried about, we were walking down the streets at midnight...and it is safe.   Wery good apartment. The apartment was really nice, clean and cozy, perfect for a couple. It was a quiet neighborhood and it has a train station near the apartment (5 minutes). Ijeoma was  very nice and accessible.  We really enjoyed our stay at Ijeomas apartment! Everything was clean and tidy and very welcoming. She wrote a welcome to us with important info abut our stay. She was easy to contact via phone and text. The neighborhood was fine for us- no problems there. I would definitely recommend this apartment to anyone wanting to stay in Harlem. Really enjoyed our stay in Ijeomas home - it is beautifully decorated with everything you need. Ijeoma was kind enough to meet us on arrival (late - which was great) & is really friendly and helpful. The area is good with access to the subway nearby (a 5 minute walk), close to a supermarket for supplies. It takes about 15-20 mins to get into Times Square region and roughly 30 mins to Downtown on the subway. (best to get a week pass if youre there for a few days) Would recommend.  AWESOME!!!! No other word to describe this experience. Can not wait to come back! Hermoso lugar! Llegamos y aunque ya nos había comentado que no iba a poder estar, nos sentimos muy bien recibidos. Todo limpio y cómodo. Excelente para ir con tu pareja y conocer nueva york. La línea de subte 3 esta muy cerca sobre la 145 y te comunica con prácticamente todo.    La cocina es chica pero lo tiene todo, desayunamos y cenamos casi todos los días ahí muy cómodos.     El baño es muy lindo y limpio, lleno de productos para el pelo.    La cama y el sillón los ame todos los días, despues de caminar desde temprano y llegar muertos, tirarse a mirar una película o descansar un rato era lo mejor. Muy cómodo todo.    Super recomendable, no tuvimos ningún problema y el barrio es re tranquilo.  Nice apartement, ideal location to go to the center of New York.  I recommend ! Dès le premier contact pour la réservation Ijeoma a tout mis en oeuvre pour que notre séjour se passe bien et il sest merveilleusement bien passé! Les photos sont fidèles à la réalité, Ijeoma veut quon se sente bien chez elle et cest réussi : on est chez nous, en plein coeur dHarlem! Tout le clos est sécurisé mais aucune crainte à avoir, le quartier est sûr et offre de bons endroits pour diner, se balader et faire du shopping! La ligne 3 (express) est à quelques pas et dessert les endroits clés de Manhattan (et au-delà puisquelle permet de bonnes connexions vers Brooklyn et Coney Island par exemple). Je pourrais parler de cet appartement des heures tellement le coup de foudre fût immédiat! Si vous cherchez un endroit où logez à NY, si être uptown ne vous dérange pas et si vous avez envie de vivre au coeur de Harlem, nhésitez plus, réservez!  Completely loved this space!! Comfy, clean and well decorated! Thank you so much! Very quick walk to the 3 subway station and felt safe. Super appreciated Ijoemas recommendations for night life prior to our trip as well. Key pick up and drop off was super simple too! Everything about my stay was amazing.  The location was perfect and the host was great.  Staying at her home made me feel as if I was in my own spot. I didnt need for anything.  Definitely will be going through Ijeoma in the future	1
194	"Great place! Location was amazing and easy access to anywhere you want to go! Very nice and roomy apartment! Would definitely book again! 特别好的房子,干净整洁。 Great apartment! Excellent apartment and we have already recommended it !! more than we expected !!! Thanks for the good place Well located and the pictures were exactly how it looked. Marlena is very prompt in responding and answered all our questions. We had a great time.  Wish had 2 elevator keys. Absolutely gorgeous.  Very clean & in a great location! The location of this apartment is very convenient to numerous eateries, grocery and alcohol stores, and within walking distance to the theatre district. Absolutely loved this home. It is very spacious and modern. Its in a great location and walking distance to the subway, restaurants and bars. The beds were comfortable and there is plenty of closet space. Bathrooms are very modern and spacious as well. The bedrooms each open to a small patio in the back. You can sit there and enjoy a morning cup of coffee or a nice glass of wine in the evening. There is a coffee maker, toaster and microwave. Plenty of dishes if you plan to cook. Nice large refrigerator and dishwasher as well. I would definitely stay here again! The place is like the pictures. Spacious and clean. The location was awesome, and the fact that it had an elevator it allowed us to have our elderly family members without accessibility problems. Excelent apartement and location close to everything we need. Very spacious and clean.  The kitchen miss some basic goods, Like dish towels, and other small utensils very easy to solve. Marlena did always responded quickly and helpfull.  Highly recomended. Location was awesome and the host was quite responsive. Strongly recommend staying here! Close to many restaurants, shopping, and the MOMA. plenty of space, clean, and quiet even though location is steps from the action. Only complaint is there was a slight odour, possibly because it was very humid outside. The A/C was great but the power breaker to it was off when we go there so it took us a few minutes to figure out how to get it to work. Thanks again for the wonderful stay! I was very blessed with the stay at this apartment. Clean as said in profile and looks like pictures provided.  The host also were available arrange earlier check-in which was awesome.  If I will need go to NY again I definitely will stay in this apartment. Superbe appartement en plein coeur de Manhattan, idéal pour visiter cette ville époustouflante ! Laccueil est parfait et Marlena très réactive à nos demandes. A recommander ! Todo resulto perfecto. El departamento era tal cual indicaban las imágenes publicadas o mejor. El departamento estaba impecable, la ropa de cama y toallas impecables. La ubicación para ser mi primera vez en NY me resulto excelente y ahora conociendo algo la ciudad repetiría no solo por el departamento si no también por la ubicación, ideal para caminar a los lugares de atracción (nos gusta caminar) o para acceder a transporte público que te lleva perfectamente. La atención de Marlena siempre inmediata y muy atenta. 100% recomendable desde todo punto de vista. Gracias, ojalá podamos repetir pronto.  Everything was perfect, the apartment was exactly as pictures or even better. Cleaning of the apartment was excellent. This was my first time in NY and the location was perfect for me. Now that I know a little more the city I would chose it again not only for the apartment but also for the location that went great for walking to the city attractions (we like walking) and also for public transportation. Marlena always answers immediately and very kindly. Thanks a lot Marlena for your kindness and recommendations. All so easy from start to finish! Thank you! For the most part this apartment is just as good as advertised, but before booking I recommend verifying that all of the appliances work, which at this price point should not really be a concern.  Over all its a great location, a nice apartment, and very spacious.  Check in and check out was easy.  A few of the cupboard doors are broken, and I never like feeling as though I need to take pictures to document broken items.  The shower curtains are covered in mildew, which is gross and easy to fix if they paid attention to it.  Additionally, neither of the shower fixtures work completely.  The biggest disappointment is that this apartment is advertised as having a dishwasher, which it technically does, but the dishwasher is broken and they admitted to knowing it before we arrived.  I realize that these things happen and nobody can predict when something is going to break, but I spent the first 5 or 6 days of our 8 day trip trying to work with the owner to get the dishwasher fixed.  Every day I was told that they had called someone and that it would get fixed.  It never got fixed.  I had to talk to three different people, and got different answers (Nancy, Marlena, and someone named Shai).  In the end, the final explanation I got was: ""The dishwasher was advertised as working 3 months ago due to the fact that it was functioning 3 month ago...The kitchen has a functional sink which you were welcome to use.""  Like I said, its nice apartment, but make sure you confirm that everything is actually WORKING as advertised. Great place - very accommodating, picture is exactly what the condo looks like - clean , great communication.    Will stay there again. Great location, close to subways and midtown attractions. Clean, roomy and ideal for a family visiting NY. This apartment is on its own floor with elevator access. The location is excellent with an easy walk to subway, shops, restaurants, grocery, etc. Our flight was cancelled but the hosts worked with us to make sure we got checked in after a late reschedule. Plenty of room for our family of 4. This is clearly a unit that is rented out, not lived in, but all of the basics are provided. Great neighborhood and quiet location! Lappartement est très bien situé, facile daccès et très calme.  Larrivée de lascenseur directement dans le couloir est un atout supplémentaire. Tout le nécessaire sy trouve, laccueil de Nancy est parfait et lécoute de Marlena tout autant parfait sinon PLUS ! Nous ne pouvons que recommander cette location et nous nhésiterons pas à y retourner lors de notre prochain voyage à NYC. Un grand MERCI à toutes les deux.  Marlena and Max’s is a great place, very clean and perfectly positioned next to shops, restaurants and bars. The host communicates/responds quickly and definitely a gracious host, accommodating early check-in request. I highly recommend the place. It’s perfect for business as well as a pleasure/family stays.   Thank you! Marlena and Max’s apartment was perfect! It was in a great location for us and we enjoyed their spacious, modern and beautifully kept living, bedroom and bathroom spaces. We highly recommend this apartment. The apartment was amazing! It was close to restaurants and shops but on a street secluded enough to be quiet and restful even though you’re in the middle of the city. It is a great central location as we were only 30 min max from most everywhere in Manhattan. We will definitely stay here again when we come back. Marlena was very responsive and helpful while we were there."	1
195	Thank you so much for everything you did Marlon you are a phenomenal host and went above and beyond to cater to us and help accommodate us very last minute on short notice. Marlon is very helpful and generous and his place was great.  Marlon was very accommodating and friendly! The room was clean and overall I had a very pleasant stay here.  The pictures are very different from the place !!  Location was not as pictured and was actually under construction.  I booked from Mon-Fri, worked overnights the first few days and didnt sleep in the room.  Showed up on Thursday to find out two people were living in the room I had paid for.  Regardless, Marlon was an extremely nice and pleasant guy. Marlon is a reliable person, always there to help us.  Economical, quiet and well located accommodation, + the neighborhood is very safe. Do not expect luxury but it is very suitable for the price. I recommend!  Thank you Marlon, we hope to see you again!  Sara and Jimmy   Place is same as it promisses. Todo genial! El metro está muy cerca del (Website hidden by Airbnb) habitación grande , limpia y sin ruido The apartment is nice and cozy, in a great location (right next to the 116th St subway stop) and clean. Marlon was a gracious host and was quick to reply anytime I had a question or concern. Interesting neihgborhood. Good conections with lines to downtown. Marlon was a very gracious host and he assisted me with everything I needed. The location of the apartment was excellent, right next to the metro station and in a vibrant (but safe) neighborhood with lot of fast food restaurants around. Room was as pictured - the only downside is that it didnt have air conditioning, only a fan. Overall, a positive experience. :-) Run away Construction loud and noisy  Shower not available  No hand soap or toilet paper  Most dirties kitchen  Host dont answer his phone  Its 3 days I couldnt take a shower and while I tool shower before gets cold and so hot tens times unwanted  No heater in the room and every. Ugh to woke up because of cold  Just run away Smaller than expected, floor of shower needs scrubbing and bedroom sheets were in poor condition. Communication with owner went well.  It was nice staying at Marlon’s place. He is very helpful and understanding, takes effort to make sure your stay is comfortable. I would highly recommend this host.	0
196	Close to everything. Subway on 49th really helped us get uptown and downtown quickly. It was super hot in NYC while we were there and the apartment did get warm but not completely unbearable. Would stay again.  Gigis place is a fantastic place for you to stay in the NYC. It is close to the Time Square, broadway and the circle line sightseeing cruise. The only problem is that it may not be that good for four people to stay. The sofa bed which can sleeps two is not so comfortable. This place was really good, close to many restaurants. We were 5 adults and we fit in there comfortable. The only problem was that the weekend we were there it was very hot and the air conditioner was located only in the bedroom. As such the rest of the place was very very hot. Gigi was very helpful and always on op with the communication. Overall its a good place to stay at for the price. Que no es la dirección y te induce al error porque está más lejos de lo que uno piensa respecto de los lugares turísticos. No hay sábanas suficientes y las frazadas huelen muy mal. Para ir al baño debes pasar por encima de una de las camas y el departamento nos es para 5 personas. No hay relación de precio servicio. La cocina es muy amplia y limpia. El baño está bien, salvo lo anterior. No hay aire acondicionado en todo el departamento y hace mucho calor. La ubicación no está mal pero no es la que indica la web. Great host, highly recommend ! El departamento está muy buen ubicado, a pocos minutos de Times Square y del metro. El sector es seguro y tranquilo, con buenos Deli y restaurantes. El departamento está en muy buen estado, decorado con gusto y bien implementado, sólo nos faltó una tostadora que ya debe haber provisto Gigi. Es un poco caluroso pero tiene aire acondicionado en la habitación principal y ventilador en la secundaria. Mi único problema relevante fue la llegada: la dirección que envió Airbnb era incorrecta y el mapa era otra dirección incorrecta. No pude hablar con Gigi por la plataforma Airbnb, debí hacerlo por SMS. Una vez nos comunicamos no hubo problemas. Salvo por este gran inconveniente inicial, todo cumplió nuestras expectativas. Die Ausstattung entspricht genau den Fotos und Angaben (nicht zu sehen: im 2. Raum sogar ein weiteres richtiges Bett). Die Gastgeberin hat auf Fragen stets sofort reagiert und war hilfreich (auch beim Koffer hochtragen!). Der Empfang war persönlich und sehr freundlich. Während unseres Aufenthalts war es sehr heiss in NYC, das war leider auch in der Wohnung sehr spürbar, vor allem im Badezimmer und 2. Schlafzimmer. DIe Klimaanlage im Masterbedroom funktionierte aber sehr gut (wenn auch laut). Das Master-Bett ist groß, hat aber nur eine sehr dünne Matratze: Wer gerne auf einem Futon schläft, für den genau richtig. Die Lage ist ok. Logement conforme à la description et très bien situé (5 min à pied de Time Square). Idéal pour 4 personnes voir 5 max. Gigi et Jazzy sont disponibles. Nice place with a great location within walking distance to a lot of great shops and restaurants. Heating was too hot. Using the bedroom was a real problem.	0
197	"Mosis place is great quiet and minutes away from public transportation, if he isnt available somebody just as great as him is always around to answer any questions or assist upon request. The place Is well kept and very comfortable I enjoyed my stay here and wouldnt hesitate on coming back.  Good job, regardless the condition of that general area, the host actually did a great job at making us feel better and safer. It is good for solo adventruer and group of ballsy friends who wants to explore the city. Never got to meet Mosi and forgot the name of the host who lives upstairs but, really good job.  Mosi was the absolute BEST!. He tended to our every need promptly. We no need was unmet. If you come to Brooklyn,I definitely recommend staying with Mosi! The rooms are clean and Mosi is nice. Thank you! Appartement très intéressent (lumineux, grand, climatisé, et bien dautres choses) Not the best experience ever. Big flat in 10 minutes from subway. There were no problems with it. Right line to Manhattan  Mosi, communication is a 5 star!!! Mosi and Nikki were readily available for questions and solutions to any problems that we had, (which was only one)... If we come back to Brooklyn we will definitely check to see if this location is available... Lappartamento di Mosi è perfetto per un gruppo di persone come il nostro. è spazioso e areato. Ma il fatto che il campanello non funzione può creare dei problemi. è vicino alla metropolitana, ma in compenso ci si mette 1 ora  per arrivare a Manhattan, a lungo andare è faticoso.  la zona non è tanto bella da vedere ma tranquilla e le persone sono sempre gentili. Ive done AirBnBs for a long time now and I have NEVER seen a place like this.  The host knew we would be coming in around 1:30 - 2:00 a.m. and told me to just keep him posted.  We arrived around 1:10 a.m. and sat outside the home for about 25 minutes, all the while ringing the bell and texting him, before his sister called to apologize for the wait and informed us that her father was in the building, but (URL HIDDEN) word from Mosi himself.  The father finally opened the door and helped with our bags up the stairs.  The bathroom was deplorable (I have pictures as proof) -- dirty floor with stains and un-swept, shower filthy, TOILET WITH POOP SPLATTERED ON THE UNDERSIDE OF THE SEAT AND BOWL, HAIR AND FILTH ON THE BASE OF THE TOILET, HAIR ON THE TOILET TANK, BROKEN FAUCET -- PEDESTAL SINK COVERED IN DUST.  I immediately texted host, around 1:45 a.m., attaching pictures and letting him know of our dismay.  He responded and promised to have it taken care of...the next day we were gone all day and upon returning around 12:45 a.m. that night, i saw that the bathroom had been MINIMALLY CLEANED...there was STILL HAIR ATTACHED TO THE BACK OF THE TOILET SEAT AND THE SCUM ON THE SOAP STAND IN THE SHOWER WAS STILL THERE, leaving me to believe that whomever ""cleaned"" did a very poor job.  The ceiling in the kitchen was water-logged, the chairs in the dining room were ALL ripped, the brown sofas in the living room had stains on them, ceiling fan dirty...this is not what was listed. The host promised to refund our deposit but i believe he should refund ALL of our costs.  Book at your own risk. Really spacious place in Brooklyn at a very fair price. The proximity to public transportation was a real blessing for us. Even if we had problems with our wifi connection, Mosi was really committed to solve the problem and the communication with him was quick and efficient. Thanks for everything Mosi! The apartment is a good fit for a small amount of people. Not very spacious, walk way is small, bathroom is small. Great place to stay if you’re looking for a nice quiet spot but accessible to the city! Highly recommend! It was really great this was my first time. I had a blast. Very private !! And very understandable and he was very nice. His father was very funny and helpful through the tine being. Side note: theres one flight of stairs."	1
198	In my opinion the best location in Manhattan. Selena was a friendly and accommodating host. Ill definitely stay here again.  Great place, great location, great scenic rooftop patio and great host! Die Wohnung ist so wie auf den Bildern zu sehen. Klein, aber fein. Selena ist eine sehr freundliche Gastgeberin. Am Abreisetag durfte ich den ganzen Tag in der Wohnung verbringen, da mein Flug erst spät abends ging. Die Ausstattung (vor allem Küchenutensilien) ist teilweise veraltet. Die Kaffeemaschine rinnt zum Beispiel. Es gab leider keinen Fön, was an sich kein Problem ist, da man ja einen mitnehmen kann. In der Beschreibung ist jedoch zu lesen, dass es einen Fön gibt. Die Bettwäsche und Handtücher waren sauber. Die Wohnung war nur leider staubig und sehr voll geräumt. Man hat keinen Platz, um die eigene Kleidung aufzuhängen. Es gibt keinen Kleiderschrank, was bei 4 Wochen Aufenthalt etwas ärgerlich war. Die Lage der Wohnung war wirklich super. Die Umgebung ist wirklich toll. Der Balkon ist als zusätzlicher privater Aufenthaltsbereich einfach grandios. In Summe ist die Wohnung, vor allem für Kurztrips, auf jeden Fall weiterzuempfehlen. I was unhappy with the host and the apartment. The host seemed to think it would be OK to have me buzz every apartment in her building to get in the front door. The worst part was the air conditioner! It couldnt cool the apartment even when I had it blasted!! The hallway was way cooler than her home. The apartment was not clean. Food was left in the refrigerator. Dirty laundry was left in the hamper. The place was very cluttered and you had nowhere to hang your clothes or unpack. There was a used sliver of soap left in the bathroom as well as some kind of toilet paper goop in the bathroom wastebasket. She expected me to empty her  refrigerator and wait around for a repairman to fix her A/C after spending 1800 dollars. She refused to return all the money I paid. I had to scramble to get another place to stay. This host is not trustworthy and her place is not as nice as the photos make it seem. The walk-up is worth it. There is excellent sunlight and a perfect writing desk. I spent more time inside than I expected because it was a great writing space. Sad to leave it behind... Exactly as advertised. Great home base for adventures around the city. The neighborhood was amazing - we really enjoyed exploring what Nolita had to offer. Selena was a great host, pleasant and easy to get a hold of. She also provided some great recommendations and wasnt wrong about this possibly being the coolest area in town. Highly recommend staying here and in this area. Dont miss Rintintin, Tacombi Fonda and any pizza joint. Well be back. Actually I should give the poorest possible rating of this place. just to make sure, it stays available, when I apply to come, next. But it would be unfair to the rest of the AirBnB world. Ladies, Gentlemen: go there, this is an amazing place. Best NY neighborhood. And a breathtaking view. Rooftop in front of your nose. literally. Further to that, Selena is a great and caring host. Great location, wish that the apartment was cleaned before I arrived. Selena was a wonderful hostess, who was extremely helpful and communicative. I highly recommend her and her wonderfully located apartment! Logement propre et fonctionnel, emplacement idéal dans un quartier vivant et animé. Great host! Responds very quickly. Selenas place is in a fantastic location - perfect for walking around lower Manhattan. The terrace on her floor has an amazing view of the city and is relatively private.  Its very quiet in the apartment as well - very little street noise.  It has a really nice desk and some other amenities, and gets lots of natural light. Selenas place is in a fantastic part of them with lots to do, but her location at the top of a six floor walk-up made for a very quiet atmosphere, when in NYC with the windows open! The roof access was gorgeous, with incredible views of Manhattan. The only challenge of course was the walk up the stairs, which we were aware of in advance so it was not a problem at all.  Selena was very responsive and checked in frequently which was nice. The space, while small, was comfortable for two. I highly recommend it. Great host, value, and neighborhood. Id stay here again for sure. Selena is a great host! The most flexible host that se ever had. Were been in her apartment for 8 days and was so great! Is in the middle of soho very well located! The clean and the bath were greats! This apartment is not represented accurately --its not neat and tidy like the pics show, but rather a lot of personal clutter. In addition, no wifi (a problem if you are working), no heat (only blows cold air), and no free parking (when you list this as an amenity, you expect some allocated space, finding your own on the street shouldnt count). Great spot for a vacation stay. Easy to get anywhere in the city. A lot of delicious restaurants and hip bars within walking distance. Selena made our stay very simple and the apartment is in a phenomenal location! The location is so good. The flat on top floor has a terrace with nice view and parking is free in the street. Thank you Selena for your responsiveness. The flat was up to expectations. Best stay ever awesome location	0
199	"Staying at Tracys was awesome!  Her apartment is beautiful, spacious, and comfortable.  There are some great spots to eat nearby and short walks to convenient subway lines. Tracy is super nice, very accommodating, and definitely on the level.  I had a wonderful stay for a great price. Id definitely recommend staying here. Tracy was a very good and welcoming host. Very willing to help which made everything incredibly easy as well. The apartment is very clean and has lots of space and the area is very welcoming as well. All in all a very good airbnb experience I loved the Neighborhood. Close to trains and buses. She was very flexible and went out of her way to  accommodate me last minute. Would book again.   Tracy was very welcoming and accommodating. Her apartment is greatly located close to the J train, and the room is big and nicely decorated. Definitely recommended! Tracy was an awesome host on my visit to NY! She was very personable and made me feel at home in her great apartment. The location was convenient in the East Bed-Stuy area of Brooklyn, and very close to the Subway J Line (15 min ride into Manhattan!) a few blocks away. The apartment was large, vast, and airy, with special touches throughout, which made you feel you were in Tracys home. The room was very quite and allowed me to sleep after a long and bustling day in the city. I would highly recommend Tracys place to anyone wanting a unique Brooklyn experience! Tracy was a wonderful hostess. The room was great and the apartment very welcoming.  I plan on reaching back to Tracy next time I visit the City. Tracy was an amazing host! Her place was awesome and comfortable, and conveniently located next to major train stations making it very easy to explore the city. She made me feel super at home and had a lot of helpful tips about exploring the city. 10/10 would recommend!  Great experience from check in to check out. Comfortable room with a small fan. Clean house. Good neighborhood, not far from the train or places to eat. Tracy was nice and helpful. Would definitely stay here again.   Amazing airbnb stay. The apartment is lovely and really convenient for getting around. Tracy was a wonderful host who made me feel immediately at home and was great company. Had a great stay, tracey is a good host. nice and clean room Tracy was a great hostess. Very helpful answering all my questions about local transit and good places to eat! Ill def stay again when I make it back to NYC! Very comfortable and welcoming.  20 out of 10.  Sweet place to stay at. Very sweet. Tracy was an amazing host and the location was perfect for getting around the city. Accommodations were very comfortable. TL;DR- Youll love this place!    I couldnt have asked for a better spot to call home than Tracys place. the place was tidy, convenient, but most importantly had a host who was completely accommodating and understanding.     If you enjoy running outdoors, try staying here and take a run down the beautiful tree line Putnam Ave.     The room and its 3 windows were always the best to wake up to.     The whole Apt. has a ton of natural light which was awesome to just relax before classes as well.  Theres also a pretty kitten named ""Catha"" who was just the best too ^-^. Im tend to be allergic with cats, but since the place was very clean I had no issue!    Theres a deli on the corner, I would definitely order a BEC sandwich from those guys.     tracy is so nice ! the room is ok, brooklyn a nice spot, and its very easy to take the train to the downtown. very nice adress ! think you tracy for the nice time to your apartment. See you soon !  tracy donne un formidable accueil, tres gentille, et son appart est bien situé par rapport au centre ville : un quart dheure de marche pour prendre le train a kosciusko station et le centre ville en 10 minutes en metro pour 3 dollars. Une super adresse, un quartier super sympa avec un shop au coin de limmeuble pour prendre le ptit dej. Un vrai spot digne du routard ! Tracy was very friendly and helpful during my stay in Bed-Stuy. The neighborhood was beautiful and conveniently placed near several subway stops. I was constantly taking trains into the city but knew my room was never far from the station. The room was comfortable and the amenities were all useful. This is a great value for what you receive and would easily choose this place again. Tracy rocks. This is one of the best air bnb experiences Ive had. Cool neighborhood, great apartment, comfortable room! Tracy is great! Super nice, helpful, and accommodating. The only downside was that she didnt let me steal her cat.  My trip to Brooklyn was one of the greatest experiences Ive had and a lot of it was due to Tracys wonderful apartment. I was gone mostly but her apartment has this home away from home feeling thats almost rare. Very clean, very well maintained and the neighborhood is beautiful to walk around. Tracy is super welcoming and authentic and does her best to make sure you feel at home. I felt so comfortable throughout the duration of my stay and would recommend this place to anyone; thanks so much Tracy, Ill be back for sure!  My time here with Tracy was so amazing. Apartment is clean, travel is convenient and easy. Tracy is incredibly sweet, welcoming and accommodating. 10/10 would stay here again. :) Tracy was a superb host who made the stay a great success. The apartment is in a super location & I would have no hesitation in recommending a stay here! Cool little kitten, a funny, honest and really helpful host. One of the best beer bars ever only a few steps away... and a clean room with some hilarious decorative items. Definitely recommendable! La descripción y fotos del anuncio son correctas, con excepción de dejar en claro que el departamento está en un cuarto piso sin elevador y que se accede por una estrecha escalera. El vecindario me encantó, mucha vida y negocios de comestibles y servicios. Tracy amable en lo justo, pero muy poco comunicativa. En general fue una agradable estadía. Como sugerencia a la anfitriona, a futuro podría agregar algunas facilidades que harían de la estadía un mayor agrado, como son un TV, una lampara de lectura en el dormitorio, y un espacio disponible donde ordenar uno sus cosas. Pequeñas cosas que son necesarias y no costosas. Gracias Tracy por todo y suerte.  This listing is just as described! The room is spacious and private with great windows. Super close to the J train which takes you straight into Soho. Would definitely recommend to anyone!  A nice cozy place to stay. Great location for me as it was close to the location of a wedding I was attending.  Tracy is a very friendly lady, her place has good character & isnt far away from Manhattan - great for visiting the city! If youre foreign and rent a car, dont be as stupid as I was and park directly outside the apartment as youll get a $115 fine for blocking a fire hydrant (oops). I had an absolutely amazing time staying here. Tracy is an amazing host and everything was so fantastic. Would highly recommend. I had a great stay at Tracys place! Tracy was very helpful and kind and the check in and out process was super easy. The space was clean and close to the subway line which made getting around New York convenient. I would definitely recommend Tracys place :) Hostess provided banana nut muffins! Friendly and well behaved kitty. Excellent communication, good place for short term stay, recommended.  good for the price Comfortable, homely apartment close to the subway station in Brooklyn. Our host, Tracy, was super friendly and accommodating. Overall, was a good stay and would recommend!"	1
200	"My mom enjoyed her stay at Katies apartment.  It was clean, and the view of Manhattan from the kitchen balcony was a plus! I didnt meet Katie, but her co-hosts, Edward and Eliza, who live across the hall, were there and they were both welcoming and friendly.  From what I understand, I actually stayed at their place, not hers, but they seem to be sharing the whole venture/responsibility thing.  The building is brand new and Room B had a private balcony which was a both a bonus and a surprise.  The room was clean and the bed was comfortable.  I was told there were a total of seven rooms in the apartment - six which are available for guests and one where Edward and Eliza stay.  If they had a fully booked flat, maybe it would feel a bit busy, but as it was, they werent fully booked up which was fine by me.  Also it was very good value for money.  If youre looking to stay in the Clinton Hill / Bed-Stuy area (right on the border with the nearest stop being Classon), I would recommend it.   This is a lovely place to stay for singles or couples.  The spaces are pristine, bright, sparely but beautifully furnished, and quiet.  We highly recommend Katies. My boyfriend I had a great experience as guests. It was our first time using Airbnb, and we definitely will be looking to using it again. Katie was very friendly, and gave us great tips on getting around Brooklyn and Manhattan. The nearest train line was close (about a 7 min walk), we both felt comfortable in the neighborhood and with our stay. We both liked that the unit was very clean and well kept up with. Katie was super friendly and allows guests to leave their luggage the day of check in and check out.    Room C was cozy and bed was very comfortable. Bathroom was clean and so was the small dining area. Neighborhood is quiet. Decently easy to get to Manhattan and easier to get to other parts of Brooklyn.     The rooftop is an added bonus. It was nice to hang out on the swing and look out at Manhattan skyline.      Katie was awesome and very helpful! The apartment was clean and so was our room.  I only saw Katie shortly but she was very kind, the bedroom and apartment in general ver clean, the kitchen had everything needed to cook a meal, though I didnt. The neighborhood is nice and close to the train station to get you wherever you want. The roof is a MUST..... I will be contacting Katie when ever I go back. we had a lovely stay at katies. would recommand it to everybody else.thanks a lot again - it was nice meeting you. The place was great, exactly as pictured: in an up and coming ""hipster"" neighborhood, and the apartment was inside a modern apartment building. The apartment itself was really nicely-decorated, and so was the rooms.  Excellent experience, lovely place, good bed, very clean, nice view and friendly host. Katies place was extremely nice and clean! The amenities a that follows the condos were absolutely amazing.  Our overall experience with this Airbnb was negative, contrary to all my former experiences with Airbnb. I did complain already with Katie during my stay about the misleading information on the website. Things that caused our negative experience:  - misleading information on the website, it is not clear that you will share a kitchen and a bathroom and that you will end up with 15 other people is a very small apartment instead of having your own facilities.  - when I complained about that I had no respond from the owner other than: you can check out if you want.  - there is an incorrect phone number on the website and we had really offending responses to our text messages via that number as we tried to get in contact upon our arrival.  - there were far to many people in a to small appartment, which seems very dangerous to me in case of fire. It is more of a hostel than the luxury appartment that is advertised.  - our food and drinks got stolen from the shared fridge.  - on the last morning there was police on the door. Katie had mailt us not to open the door for anyone. So we did not, but of course it is a very akward situation when the police comes to your door.  - later the police waited for us downstairs and we were interrogated about the situation. Once more not a very pleasant experience.     We felt most welcome. Room is is VERY small and this was not so clear form the website. The apartment itself is modern pleasant and immaculate and well furnished. The location is excellent. This is one room out or 5 rooms that are rented in a duplex, this was not entirely clear on the website. Katie was friendly and helpful. I would recommend such a room for travelleres who plan to spend very little time in the aprtment itself. The upstairs roof facilities are as described. This is the second time Ive had my mom stay at Katies while visiting from out of town. It is a fantastic deal, a beautiful can clean apartment in a wonderful area.  The roughneck view is truly one of the best in Brooklyn. Thanks Katie! Having nowhere to go at the end of your long trip is definitely the worst experience that could ever happen in your dream vacation. Trouble getting into the room bc hosts did not place the key where it is supposed to be was just a starter. Room was supposed to be ready bw 1 to 5pm, and we got back at midnight after long trip in NY, and room was still full of trash, hairs, wet towels, and bed which had been used by some random person. Hosts were not around nor answering the phone(it went straight to voicemail). While we were deciding if there will be a hotel around, a guy knock on door saying ""housekeeping"".  He said, he maintains 17 rooms and forgot that we are coming. Well, things could happen, but not in a hotel or even a motel thats 50 bucks. You will always have someone to ask when things go wrong. At airbnb, or at least with Katie and Chris, nothing is guaranteed. The apartment itself was nice, but with their busy schedule, things could fall apart again. We got extremely tired after worrying about finding a hotel in midnight, and kinda ruined our dream vacation in New York. The guy took my number and said he will text me the direct number so i can reach them when i need to, he never did. We never met Katie and Chris who seemed to be nice hosts on website. FYI, If you are visiting this place, BRING YOUR OWN TOWELS. Otherwise you will have to deal with 1 tiny, thin, loose towel for whatever the days you are staying there unless you are lucky enough to see hosts or their employees. Good luck. Chris and Katie are fine hosts, and exemplify the best of airbnb.  Their place is clean and spacious, and Chris and Katie were responsive and welcoming.  The neighborhood is great and this location was perfect for getting around and seeing Brooklyn.  The added bonus of the great rooftop deck was icing on the cake! Todo excelente Great apartment set-up...modern building with new facilities and appliances and fixtures...terrific roof too! Katie was very helpful nd communicated well throughout my stay.  Staying here was not bad after we realized the other people in the apartment were other guests. We thought we would have the apartment to ourselves and it was hard to decipher that on the page before we booked. We were nervous that we were supposed to act like we lived there when other people in the apartment were talking about us being new. However katie was always responsive to me when we had questions or concerns and after the first couple days we felt fine staying there. You do share a bathroom with the other guests and I would recommend bringing your own towels and a pillow case. The bedding was fine and seemed clean but there were some black stains on the sheets and pillow cases. Overall the apartment was nice to stay in, the upstairs roof has a beautiful view and a fun atmosphere. If you are okay sharing an apartment with about 10 other people you will like being here. If your plan is to have a place to yourself this is not the place. But katie was very nice, and very responsive. My only big complaint would be the stained bed sheets and the bathroom towel also looked very dirty and I wish I had brought my own. As far as the area and neighborhood we always felt safe and it is fairly close to a subway station. Katie and Chris are great hosts. They are easy to talk to and easy to communicate with. Their place is nice and accessible.  I needed a spot to crash super last minute and they were able to accommodate me! Everything looks as shown in pictures. Cool neighborhood, cozy room and bedding as well. The rooftop is pretty groovy. Graham was super chill, he offered me some gnarly OJ. I would recommend this spot to anyone.  Замечательное и комфортное жилье со всеми удобствами. Спасибо Грэму за его помощь в каждом шаге!  Was only a short stay. The host was welcoming, the place was clean. A good first introduction to Airbnb! This is a nice place to stay... The place is modern, adequate and mostly clean, the rooftop terrace and gym are pretty cool too. However... I have to be honest here and say this is basically an unlicensed hostel/hotel so dont expect anything like a true AirBnB experience. The whole entry/exit routine and warnings about not opening the front door... even to the police!! leave you feeling a bit like an accomplice...  We never met the hosts at all but did bump into a few other tenants...  All in all this left us feeling more like posh hostel backpackers than Air bnb guests, which I suppose is fine. However NOT what Air bnb is all about.   Sorry to be a bit scathing Katie and Graham as the place is nice and im sure you are lovely people (had we met you) but you are capitalizing on and taking advantage of a good system... and frankly this is why you have police knocking on your door. Beautiful place, clean, with nice rooftop patio and gym. I didnt meet Katie (or Graham) but they left us clear instructions and there were even suggestions of places to eat, see and shop nearby. Overall, a great but short stay for us!  The listing description was decent but never met Katie or Graham.  However, there were two numbers of people that were helpful in a moment of trouble. It took a while for them to respond but it did get resolved. We were down here for the weekend apartment hunting in New York. Really convenient location, a lot of places to eat. The apartment is modern and clean. Just note that you are staying with potentially five or more other ""housemates"", this is not a whole apartment. Shared spaces are clean and organized.  This is a beautiful apartment and I had a great time here (despite some initial problems with checking in). The neighborhood is nice and Graham was helpful when I had any problems. Very cozy atmosphere and attentive hosts : ) The rooms are pretty small and basic, feels like a student dorm room.  Also the kitchen was a little dirty but you are sharing with 5 others so to be expected.  However, the actual building and the location is great, really close to the subway and in a nice neighbourhood.  The gym and roof space is awesome, amazing views of Manhattan.  But all in all a little over priced for what the room actually is. Beautiful apartment, very well situated but if Im being honest, it didnt feel like Graham was much of a ""host"", whenever I needed to ask a question or something he made me feel as though I was a burden, despite my paying for the stay..."	0
201	This place was a dream, staying here completed elevated my NYC stay.  We had a fantastic stay in her place . All works super from the beginning of our conversation till the end of our trip . The reality are nicer than the fotos . Very , very clean and great enough for two person . Its very , very quiet . You here nothing from the street noise The bed is large and very comfortable . All the furniture show the love for details. The kitchen was new . The internet runs quickly . The neighborhood ist the best what you can find in nyc. I have been 4 time in nyc . Soho , Greenwich village , noho, west village , little Italy . Broadway !!! All in walking distance . Going out late night you always feel secure . Highly recommend !!!!!! Thanks for all that you make our week unforgettable  Gabriella was an amazing hostess.  Her apartment is incredible.  It is really quiet, in the rear of the building, in the middle of the block.  The location is perfect.  Couldnt ask for anything more.  Highly reccomended.  Gabriella was such a wonderful host and the apartment is fantastic!  Gabriella was a very welcoming host and her apartment is a real gem in the heart of village. A lot of nice places to go, good shops with bio food and nice groceries. The apartment was very quiet and birds singing in the morning made it feel especially comfortable. The heating system was a little too loud for me but it is an old type of building with the beauty of high ceiling and nice fireplace so it was the price to pay. However after few days you get used to this and it is nothing compared to the street noise.   Also I want to say that apartment is perfect for one/two people. Spacious enough and all you need is there. I felt especially comfortable with the style and feel of it. We had a problem with the kitchen which was unexpected and Gabriella did her best to fix this. I will surely come back to this apartment when I am in NYC.  Thanks Gabriella, your apartment was perfect.  We collected the keys easily and found your apartment large, clean and beautifully decorated - you have great taste.  The terrace is a big bonus, the bathroom and kitchen modern and clean and the main room a really good size.  The location was ideal - it was our first trip to New York and it was perfect to stay amongst the brownstones in the village. Really nice to have easy access to brunches, restaurants and bars in Greenwich and around too.  We walked almost everywhere and the subway links are really convenient as well.  Nothing to improve ...    Thanks again! I come into Manhattan often and have stayed at Inns/apartment-like accommodations before but this was my 1st experience with Airbnb-having grown up in Manhattan this was like coming home.  Gabriella was lovely and her apartment was exactly as pictured. it was relaxing comfortable and ideally located. Having an outdoor seating area was the best perk as we relaxed there before heading out for the evening, and surprisingly you couldnt hear the traffic outside. there were no noisy neighbors if my stay was longer I would have spent at least one evening relaxing there with a cocktail. Gabriella is a great host. I had a great time staying in her apartment. Very stylish, light space,also has patio with flowers. It is spacious in NY terms and has a good atmosphere. Strongly recommend! The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great to be staying at Gabis apartment. Very nice space and terrace. Also quiet and cozy. The host canceled this reservation 22 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. We had a wonderful time at Gabbys very large studio apt. Its light, bright, really nicely appointed AND quiet. The private deck was a huge bonus and the interior decor helped us feel like we were in a Paris-meets-NYC oasis. The pictures dont do it justice. Hostess was very responsive, warm and helpful. Highly recommend!! The host canceled this reservation 4 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great location and very cozy apartment in the heart of the West Village. Convenient for any type of visit if you are looking for a place to recharge after dynamic NYC pace. One of the best blocks in downtown! Gabriellas apartment is the perfect respite from the city. Its quiet, serene and perfectly comfortable. The private garden patio surrounds you with mature foliage and nearly doubles the apartments living space. The pristine, full-service kitchen and luxurious marble bath complete the experience. A staying here is a great reminder to not book a hotel! What a stylish and fantastic place to stay. Gabriella was very friendly and the place is gorgeous. Definitely interested in staying again. Thanks If this listing is available, book it. Beautiful home with an even more gracious host. The location is stellar - one of my best stays in Airbnb to date. Close to trains, restaurants and coffee shops. Amazing private outdoor terrace, too.	1
202	Really nice place and cool guy Clean, cozy and private The host canceled this reservation 17 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host was great. He replied quickly to everything hat was needed. He never interrupted everything was great! Jermaine was super helpful and accommodating. Would definitely stay again compact, convenient studio in the heart of williamsburg. a great place to rent for spending time around the city. not a luxurious place, but has everything you need. The best thing about this space is the location. The room itself offers limited amenities, but it’s one of the more affordable places to crash in the area. Jermaine was kind and responded quickly. Jermaine was fantastic, truly. Very communicative, helpful, 5 stars to him. The place was by far the most affordable option in Williamsburg which as most know is incredibly expensive these days. Check in was easy, no issues at all. My only qualm was that I couldnt tell if the sheets had been washed. Overall the place is very tiny and bare, but if youre looking for a place to simply lay your head for the night, you cant be the price and reliability of a great host like Jermaine. Great for a solo traveler Perfect just for a centrally located bed to stay the night. Just as described and Jermaine was responsive and helpful! Thanks! Nice and quiet The room is way too small for the price that the host wants, and there was no effort it seemed when it came to presenting a clean room. Good location in Brooklyn. Very walkable and a good place to rest your head. Jermaine was very responsive and accommodating	0
203	"It was a great experience. The apartment is lovely and the area is very nice, quiet - but still youre in Manhattan in no time. Mervyn and his girlfriend were helpful when necessary and always nice. Excelente ubicación, a 1 estación del Central Park, 3 del Rockefeller Center y 4 de Times Square. Roosevelt Island es una isla muy tranquila y segura. El duplex es cómodo y limpio. Mervyn es una persona muy amable. Recomendable.    Excellent location, 1 station from Central Park, 3 for Rockefeller Center and 4 for Times Square. Roosevelt Island is very safe and quite. The duplex is comfortable and clean. Mervyn is a kindly person. I recommend this Duplex. Mervyn was friendly and very accommodating. The room I stayed in should be on the ad, good sized room. Bathroom was pretty clean, you might be sharing with another guest, if that matters to you. 10min walk to & from subway/tram made it easy to get to Manhattan. Mervyn picked me up at the entrance of the building and helped me with my suitcases. He is very helpful and nice person.      I Stayed here for 11 days for apartment hunting in NYC. The location is fantastic and very close (1 stop) from Manhattan. Great location very next to Manhatten. Nice and clean appartment. Mervyn is very friendly and provides all required help. Mervyn is a great host, very friendly and helpful. The location is very convenient, its 10 minutes from Manhattan via the F line. The apartment is very clean and situated in a very safe and calm area. The view of Manhattan from the island is amazing. Thanks Mervyn for hosting me and definitely recommended for anybody traveling to NYC. Amazing place, and terrific neighbor, absolute recommended Manzi was very accommodating and cool. I barely saw him in the 10 days I was there, so I pretty much was able to do my own thing. The room is spacious with a comfy bed and I had access to the kitchen and a separate bathroom.    Roosevelt Island is a peaceful place to stay if you are tired of the noisy Manhattan sounds outside your window at night. If you dont mind taking the F train, its a nice change of pace from the hustle and bustle.  Manzi was a good host, calling and making sure I made it to the apartment efficiently and easily. I was running a bit behind schedule as I wanted to grab dinner on the island (service is significantly slower than NYC which was unexpected) but nonetheless, he was very accommodating. I did not use much beyond the room and bathroom, so cant comment on the rest of the apartment, but it was very clean.     The neighborhood is nothing exciting, but is a block/short walk from the East River which is a nice view on the way to the Tram/city. It was a bit noisy at night as well but nothing unbearable as I was out of the room most of my time. Manzi is a friendly and very easy going host. The room is clean and private. Highly recommended! I had a perfect one night stay at Manzis place on Roosevelt Island. The apartment is spacious and tastefully decorated, and it is very conveniently located in a safe and calm residential neighborhood, only a couple of minutes away from public transportation that will easily connect you to Manhattan and Queens (subway + tram). The island itself offers amazing views of NYC, especially at night, and its a wonderful gateway from the frenzy of Manhattan, while being only one subway stop away from the main attractions. The location is also perfect for those who will be traveling to and from JFK or LaGuardia.   The room was great for a short stay: it has a double bed, desk, mirror and large closet, as well as its own AC unit. The apartment is structured on two different floors, giving the bedroom area plenty of privacy.   I would definitely come back! Manzi is a honest and friendly man. He helped me about my questions of New York. He is a very good man. The house is enormous, the living room is the times bugger my homes living room jiji and the communication of Roosevelt island  is on time and close to center of New York.  I recommend this home, I think it is on value. I was just too comfortable! The listing is exactly as is. I will always go to Manzi whenever the flat is available. The neighborhood is awesome and people are very kind.  Manzi and Danielle are very hospitable people.  Manzi helps you carry your luggage down the flight of stairs and meets you in the lobby of the building, they provide you a fresh towel and a clean bed upon you arrival with a big smile.    They are very respectful of your private space and do make you feel part of the living household. They kindly welcome you to cook, make grocery storage space for you and share the fridge. They show you what a true Roosevelt Island hospitality is all about.    I stayed there a little over 1 month; they provide occasional maid service; and are prompt at addressing guest issues if you voice them. They replenish paper toilets and other supplies to make the home enjoyable.      The experience was as described, within walking distance to the F train (7 min) or just hop on the free bus that drops you off in front of the Tram or Subway station in 3 min (bus station is at the foot of the bldg).    The best part is the Kitchen which has gaz cooking, many utensils and accessories to prepare real meals. There is a basement laundry which you are welcome to use.    The only improvements which I would recommend is a better Internet connection as the WIFI does get weak at some points of the day.     The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Estuvimos muy comodos en la casa de Manzi. El y Daniella fueron muy amables y muy  atentos en todo momento. Cualquier cosa que necesitamos siempre estuvieron a nuestra disposicion.   El barrio es muy seguro y lindo y tranquilo. Esta muy accesible de Manhattan por tramway o subterraneo en menos de 10 minutos. La habitacion es muy amplia, tal vez no tan luminosa, pero igualmente esta muy bien. Tiene un armario enorme con muchas perchas. El bano esta bastante bien y la casa tiene muchas comodidades.  Sin dudarlo volveria a parar en el mismo lugar!    Manzi was an excellent host and accomodated to my crazy work schedule while I was there.  He was easy to stay in touch with and made sure I was comfortabke throughout my stay. The room is clean and private. Would definitely recommend.  The place was exactly the same as in pictures. It was clean and cozy. the communication was great and Manzi and his girlfriend responded quickly to all my questions. Overall, a very comfortable stay. Manzi is very welcoming, the apartment was exactly as described and located perfectly near to NY while still being in a very residential and quiet area. Everything was lovely.  This is a good, cozy place! And we are having a good time!  Manzi was great. Helpful for my short stay and very welcoming. I definately will stay again when in town. The host is very friendly and welcome me at the lobby. I had a great time there.  Very cozy and good apartment. Strongly recommend to stay here. Good location, clean, quite. Hope next time to stay here again. Roosevelt Island is a quiet space away from the madness of NYC, and that means more than just a good night sleep. There is no traffic, and there is only one subway station, conveniently located 3-5 minutes away (walking). Buses, on the other hand, are available. Manzis place was ideal for me, since I was spending most of my time in Midtwon/Upper East side, which was a few subway stops away. However, I did feel the burn when I unexpectedly decided to visit Brooklyn. If you are going to Brooklyn, stay in Brooklyn. The house is quiet, and with many amenities. I dont know who would spend time inside the house while traveling to another city, but if this is your case, you may like it here as well. The room was cozy, clean, and has access to a balcony. It is well furnished, and there is even a desk. Manzis room rivals any hotel room I have been to.  I will certainly stay again, without a doubt.  Manzi and Danielle are intelligent and gracious hosts. We had some brief but interesting conversations. The apartment has two floors with two guest rooms on the lower floor and a very clean bathroom. The upstairs floor has a well equipped kitchen, well lighted by a window with a pleasant street view of budding trees and a large patio that Manzi hopes to update this summer. The living room and dining area are very large with large windows and many books and DVDs.  My room had a full size comfortable bed with a desk, a roomy closet with many hangers, several lamps, a bookshelf, window and a door leading to the patio mentioned above. The building has a 24 hour man posted at the entrance. Slightly to the left of the entrance is a market and slightly to the right of the building is a dry cleaner that does washing and folding. Both businesses are very friendly. The free Red Bus stop is within a moments walk and the bus is very frequent. This bus drives folks a few blocks to the ""F"" subway train which heads to Manhattan (the next stop away) or in the direction of LaGuardia airport. The island is a special treat to experience...a quiet respite away from the noise of Manhattan...with many trees, walkways and bike paths. As you walk or ride you see the United Nations, the Empire State, Chrysler and World Trade buildings. At opposite ends of the two mile island are a lighthouse and park area and to the south end the elegant FDR memorial. And the whole island is set in the East River made for endless, restful viewing.  I could go on and on about this wonderful place to stay but check it out for yourselves. Great place! Close to the F line subway station. Great place to stay on Roosevelt Island! Everything I read on other reviews and descriptions were accurate. I want to add that its very safe for a solo female traveler as well. Manzi and his girlfriend were nice, cool and proper hosts. Transportation is convenient if youre mainly visiting upper east Manhattan."	1
204	"Jackson is the perfect host in many ways: 1. Respectful (allows privacy if desired and was super quite and never noisy) 2. Provided recommendations for different events/locations/sightseeings 3. Super level of care (makes sure you feel home) 4. Very knowledgeable especially about the Bronx as he has been living here for about a decade (and about MAGLEV :) ...thx for the good conversations) Location: 5min walk to Subway Station 167 th street. Super location to take out your bicycle as well (Highbridge Park is just 10-15 min bike minutes far away). 7 day-metro ticket (includes unlimited bus rides a well) cost 33 USD. Elevator can be used in the building if needed (apartment is on the 5 th floor). Either you park your car in one of the close by parking garages or you move your vehicle once in awhile (every 2-3 days) depending on the road cleaning times of the city. Make sure you consider the ""Dont park in front of a church parking rule"" in NYC :)   It was the first time that Jackson hosted Airbnb guests, but it felt like he did it for decades.   Super host & location in our eyes.  The trio! Jackson was a great host, he was very accommodating. The space was clean and comfortable. Located near the blue and orange lines it’s around 30 min to Manhattan. Although the blue line is being worked on during the weekend. His cat is cute and lovable. Jackson was an amazing host. We only met him on our first day when we arrived to New York but he made sure that we had everything we needed and made us feel very welcome.  The room was clean and the location of the apartment was not far from the train station. We really enjoyed our stay and we would definitely come back. Jackson will help you out with any info on attractions. Hes a cool dude that knows a lot of information. The room was a good size. Other than that its an okay place... Jackson est un hôte tres sympathique. Il sait etre présent quand nous avons besoin, mais sait aussi etre tres discret. Nous nous sommes senties comme chez nous. Lappartement est idéalement situé, proche du métro et dune epicierie ! A recommander sans hesitations ! Jackson is definitely a guy with whom you would like to spend some time with. His place is definitely worth the money! Hes been helpful at all moments when I needed him, also suggesting me things to do by text (so he dedicated some of his personal time just to help me enjoy my stay - i do appreciate that!).   His place is indeed spacious and clean! Hes been quiet and discreet, giving us total privacy. If you dont mind staying outside the city centre, this is a very good choice! Keep in mind that you have to spend around 20-30 minutes to go to midtown.   As for transportation, we used both 4 and D train lines, which are pretty close to Jacksons apartment. Line 4 operates in late hours, too.   Special detail of Jacksons place; his cute cat! If you like animals, youd love that one!  We totally enjoyed staying at Jacksons place. Till next time, buddy! Jackson is really hospitable. He was very flexible with our schedule changes. Its in a great location next to major subway lines. The room IS massive as he says and the heating was excellent, even during our winter trip. Our stay was very pleasant. Although we only stayed for the day, Jackson made us feel welcome in his home. The room was larger than expected and the bed was super comfortable. I absolutely adored his sweet cat, Jordan. I would definitely stay here again. Jacksons place was really close to public transit, easy acces to times square and all touristic points by subway. He is a great host , quick response whenever we needed to get in touch or had questions. Recomanded Love the location as it is less than a mile to Yankee Stadium. We also were able to park about a block away on the street for free  and enjoy the city through public transportation and Uber.   Jacksons place had all necessary amenities along with an extra cuddly cat, which we wanted to take home. Jackson communicated efficiently, and was able to help us with our stay in the city.   The only downfall for us is we miss the quietness of home. It was not easy to sleep as the city noises kept us up, but that itself is part of the city experience. Cozy room, clean, and close to public transportation and shops. Really comfortble and he is so helpfull. Definitly will stay again here next time If you want an authentic New York Bronx stay — then  this  is  the  place.  If you want to talk about real-life and then hit the Streets to Experience it firsthand with excellent recommendations — then let Jackson be your Guide. I had a very enjoyable experience at Jackson’s place. The location is convenient to the subway and the neighborhood felt safe. I would definitely stay here again. The room is very spacious, and I even had enough space to practice my yoga unobstructed. The cat Jordan is very lovable.  Thanks for being amazing Host,Everything was clean and quiet.Jackson Made sure we were comfortable and relax.I didn’t even hear a word from this guy.Location is 5-7 min walk to subway so it can get you anywhere needed.Only reason I wouldn’t recommend this place if you were going some where on the far side of the city.But if you don’t mind,Don’t even second guess.Room is even bigger in person.Firestick TV and a friendly cat.I appreciate,You Jackson.Felt like I was in town staying by a friend from college 10 stars Jackson is a great HOSTER, he is very friendly, very kind, very educated...His place is amazing, big, cozy, I´m very happy with his place. It´s all perfect Jackson was great! We loved our first trip to New York and Jackson helped us enjoy it to the fullest!"	1
205	"My husband, Larry, stayed in Regges apartment while in NYC for work. The view was absolutely amazing, along with the location - right by Prospect Park and the subway. Definitely an inspiring place for an artist in NYC. Regge is a really cool guy, too. Will definitely be booking here again. If you plan on visiting Brooklyn, this place was perfect. It is right at Prospect Park and close to the Botanical Gardens and the Brooklyn Museum. The place was clean and tiddy. I recommend this for anyone looking to have easy access to culture and the train to the city is less than 2 blocks away. It was our first time using airbnb, and our stay at Regges place was amazing..  The location was absolutely perfect for the event (labour day weekend), right by Prospect Park! Just one train away from Manhattan, we spent most days outside of the apartment, and got to see the side of Brooklyn we wouldnt have if we stayed in a hotel, did a lot of shopping down the street then I would have in the city.  Id say only downside was there was no WiFi to help us plan our day, but but we were advised there wouldnt be. Regge is a super host! He was a complete star when we had a last minute change in plans, wed stay here again and again!  5 stars! Our stay was cut short, and we did not really get the full experience. This place is ideal for somebody that is very familiar with the area and neighborhood, that is looking for a low cost place to stay. I would not say this place is ideal for out-of-towners who are not familiar with the location. The host was extremely accommodating, took our reservation at the last second, and was a nice person. The building this unit is located in looks to be under renovation, and at the time of our stay it was very rough as far as cleanliness and visible condition. As with anything in life, you get what you pay for, this is a low cost place to stay. Be prepared to literally be sleeping in a small apartment with all of the owners belonging.  Our stay at Regges place was really nice, we didnt stay too much in the appartement because we were visiting the city all day long but the bed is comfortable so we had great nigths - in a clean place - to recover for our walks. The view from the roof top is perfect with prospect park and Manhattan. Subway is just a few steps away and the neighbourhood is nice and safe even in the middle of the nigth. Staying at Regges flat for a week was a pleasure! Super close to the Prospect Park, Restaurants an the Q/S trains that will connect you to anywhere you want to be.  We are sorry, but we wouldnt recommend that apartment and Regge as a host. In our opinion the apartment isnt cozy but  dingy and little smelly.  Since august there is work going on in the apartment building. The subway station around the corner was not  served from one line because of different works.  We choosed that apartment because it had a kitchen and looked cozy. But there is a reason why you cannot find a picture of the kitchen (and the bathroom).  Before booking we got in touch with Regge, he responded quick but didnt mention something about the works at the interior of the building or the Subway.  After booking we had to wait three days till he answered our question.  When we arrived it was stiflingly warm in the apartment. So we put on the AC. We left, because we had to buy toilet paper (there was only half a roll left).  Also there was still cleaning powder on the toilet seat. (I dont explain here more about the ""sponge and the other thing"" we found by and next to the bathtub!)  When we came back to the apartment at night - it was still  warm. The AC didnt make a great job. The one next to the bed didnt work well and the other one was behind the couch.  So we had to open the windows and there was a nice breeze. But also very noisy.  We tried to sleep. The bed sheet didnt  cover the mattress - or only the first 3 inches.  The kitchen was full packed, the things were sticky. There was no  chance to feel comfortable. The trashcan was dirty. No clean towel supply.  We get in touch the next morning. We apologized because we didnt like the apartment and after some hours he responded he was sorry about that and we would found a resolution. We tried one more night. But then we decided to leave and told him. He wanted to know quickly when we would leave but he didnt answer our question how the resolution would be. We waited. After one day he just wanted to know exactly what time we would leave. We asked about the resolution his answer was fast and short  ""no resolution, all is like it is listed!"". We know now that we had to get in touch with airbnb within 24 hours to have any chance do get earlier out off that deal and thats maybe the  reason why Regge was talking about a ""resolution"" and denied it later!  Brooklyn it self is super cool with some great neighborhoods and you should definitely not spend all your time in Manhattan, just choose one of the other airbnb places! By the way, we are used to travel the hole world (with sleeping on the floors), but dont remember when I was that much disappointed of what I paid and what I got!   My girlfriend and I had a great stay at Regges apartment and would stay again.  It is as advertised, small but in a great location, just across the street from Prospect Park, which was great, and the subway, which was super convenient for getting all over NYC.  Also the bed was very comfortable.    It looks like the negative reviewers dont really understand how airbnb works in the U.S. or else they dont understand New York.  No, for $100/night you are not getting a suite at the Bellagio, this is Regges home, so yes, his belongings are there, and yes the building is a little old and funky.  Its also cheaper than any other nearby listing by at least $30/night, comfortable enough for a weeklong stay, and offers great access to Brooklyn and Manhattan.    Regge could not be more accommodating, fitting in our last minute travel request and leaving the key with the 24hr doorman, making coming and going easy.    Great value, may not be for older folk or those who need hotel-like  atmosphere, but great choice for seeing New York on a budget!  Very close to the metro station, safe neighborhood, perfect place for staying in NY and visiting the city. I can not thank Regge enough for his hospitality and responsiveness. We didnt get to meet him during our weekend stay but he was communicative and easy to reach.     Apartment: Very clean, cute and well-kept. Previous reviewers complained about the owners belongings being there, but come on- this is AirBnB! Book with a hotel if that is an issue (which it wasnt for us). The building was undergoing a painting job on our floor but Regge had warned us about this beforehand and we were ok with it.      Location: A previous reviewer suggested this place for someone that is already familiar with the area. Which I can see, but to be honest, if you are here you will get to see a side of the New York City area that not many get to. It was fun exploring the different parts of Brooklyn and although we did not get a chance to see it, everyone told us how beautiful Prospect Park is. Drive to Manhattan takes twenty minutes without traffic. Cant speak for public transportation since we didnt use it.     Parking: If you are driving, there is a parking lot nearby you can park in. Sunday is free, and we paid $10 for overnight which is not bad at all. Street parking was difficult for us to find, but that is probably because we looked for it at times that everybody else was too.  The room is as pictured, except yes it is pretty cluttered. I feel like everything he has is just pushed over to the side. If youre a neat freak, or even a clean freak, this place is not for you. It wasnt exactly what we were expecting. The place just needed to be cleaned up a little more, example; there was finger prints on the glass table. Maybe some mopping/dusting too. Its just not that ideal I guess. But I guess you get what you pay for. (Kind of)The q train is practically across the street along with prospect park so thats a plus. The city is about 4 or 5 stops away and the neighborhood is fairly safe. This was kind of our last choice. Not an ideal place.  Check in & out was flexible. Although our check in time was pushed two hours later due to a cleaning. We lived in an extremely dusty home for our complete stay. (Mon-Sat) Slept restlessly throughout the night. A bad scent in the air and bug bites. Bottom line the cleanliness wasnt there. We made the best out of the place. Swept up lots of debris, opened the windows to air out the place, lit up scented candles, and brought our own amenities. We were only there to sleep. Even to come back and freshen up was very discouraging. We never looked forward to it. Up side is the subway is across the street to catch the Q. Not much youd want to see around the neighborhood.  The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting."	0
206	The nature of the visit to NYC was a business trip. From start to finish, Sarah was prompt and friendly with her responses. It was so easy to liaise with her about the fabulous apartment.   Clean, modern, beautiful and brilliant are just a few of the words i would describe this home.  Would highly recommend!  The apartment was as good or better then photos. Clean, homely, and comfortable. Great location. Sarah and Asha were accommodating and gracious. Would gladly stay there again!    We loved the apartment. The images and the description was spot on. Nice decorations, comfy beds and a true New York feeling. We felt welcomed and there was space prepared for our things and clothes in the apartment.    The apartment is in a nice neighbourhood with restaurant just round the corner and in walking distance to other neighbourhoods in lower manhattan like East village, Soho, Noho, Chinatown. Sarah was very good host and answered us quickly if we had any questions at all. Very professional. We would definitely stay there again! Sarah was not good with her communication with us, both before we arrived and around our departure.  The apartment was old but reasonably clean. It was in a very noisy location and construction work for a new building was being carried out next door.  The entrance was spectacularly underwhelming-and the keys were difficult to operate for both the front door and the apartment door. Even the person designated to open the apartment had difficulty with the keys. Nice, clean apartment in an older building. Lots of room for a NYC apartment. More than adequate space for four adults. Prior reviews mentioned the noise in the area. There is some noise, but it is NYC. I am a very light sleeper and had no problem sleeping. I was able to turn on a fan in the bed room and that blocked out all of the street noise.  Very accommodating hostess. Several markets and restaurants in the area. Not to mention that the apt is only 3 blocks from Katz Deli. We went there for breakfast a few times. (no lines for breakfast, long lines the rest of the day). Russ & Daughters is also nearby.   Sarahs apartment was great. We stayed the whole family, two teenage kids and it was a great choice over expensive NY hotel rooms. Sarah was a very welcoming host and met us when we arrived and showed us around. Lower East Side is an exciting and busy neighbourhood that I know well and Sarahs apartment is close to great restaurants, music clubs and the east river promenade. I would definitely recommend staying at Sarahs.	0
207	Lovely host and eclectic apartment totally fitting for the Bushwick area.  Jonathans apartment was very clean and very comfortable.  Its in a 3 story walkup, very quiet. Apartment has been completely redone and updated. Jonathan kept in frequent communication with me to make sure I was comfortable etc. He is an excellent host. If youre lucky enough to stay at his place, by all means do so! Great host!  Will return:) Jonathan is an amazing host. From the moment I arrived he made sure I had everything g I needed and helped me with whatever info I asked about. His place is really cool and the area is very nice for young ppl who love to explore new places in the city of NY. Jonathan was always available when ever I texted him. Fun to talk to and informative as well.  Incredibly well kept flat with  Jonathan is a stellar host. Hes friendly, responsive, and available to help with anything you might need. The room is great. Good amount of space and tons of natural light. Would definitely stay here again.  Great location and friendly host..I recommend to you Jonathans place was really nice, in a great area and super close to the L train. Couldnt have asked for a better and affordable spot. He was very nice and was very accommodating to any needs! Clean, comfy bed, great bathroom, kitchen with all needs. Was just what I needed for a homebase for the week. Nice place. Very close to transport !  Pleasant host.  I recommand  A most welcome stay, super clean apartment situated in a vibey area... Jonathan is an amazing person. So helpfull, kind and open minded. The apartment is cool and relaxing. The location is perfect!! I had great times there and Ill be back for sure!  Fantastic deal. One of the cleanest, air bnbs Ive stayed in and Ive stayed in many all over the world. Lovely bedroom overlooks back garden, very quiet. Jonathan was a very gracious, friendly host and was very flexible with my late check in time. Très bon accueil. Hôte flexible et à lécoute. Chambre confortable dans un immeuble typique. Supermarchés et métros à proximité dans un quartier alternatif et sympa. Je recommande cet endroit à tous ceux qui souhaitent découvrir New york et tout particulièrement Brooklyn. Merci pour les conseils Jonathan! Lovely apartment in Bushwick with super convenient transport links and lots to do in the area. Bushwick is cool!Jonathan and his girlfriend were very pleasant hosts and the apartment was everything I was looking for, during my short stay. Thanks! Overall: 5 Stars Pros. Location, only one block away to Jefferson station (L train) & laundromat. Fast wifi, quite apartment. Johnathan allows me to use kitchen amenities. Super great & helpful host! I miss the room already Very accurate description. Perfect for me: quiet, clean, pleasant. Close to subway and natural food store. I had a very good stay. Excellent host and living space. Best Airbnb Ive ever had! Excellent rapport qualité prix dans un appartement, très proche du métro, à 20 mns de Manhattan. Jonathan is friendly, attentive, and he was always just a text away if I needed anything. His home is super clean, quiet and peaceful. By far the best sleep I’ve ever had in New York! The room also faces a few backyards lined up with trees, which was nice to wake up to. The neighborhood is perfect, close to the subway and a plethora of good eats, and the street art...amazing! Awesome stay, would definitely stay again. Great host, clean, quiet, and sunny room. Very nice apartment in Bushwick, close to the Jefferson St station (L line). The room is big enough and the bed is very comfortable. Jonathan was always willing to help with any kind of doubt. My stay at jonathan’s was great. I was there for most of a week, and that was long enough to feel calm and relaxed in the space. The room has a nice view into the backyard, and its own adjustable heater. Good shower too! Its a very short walk to the L train, and an amazing home base for work or fun. Theres lot of food options, maria hernandez park and a great grocery nearby. Thanks so much jonathan for opening your apt to me! Nice, quit place in Bushwick, totally recommend. I felt save in the Neighborhood, good restaurants nearby and only a few metro stops to downtown Manhattan. Jonathan is a great host, very relaxed and friendly Beautiful place. Close to the station. Jonathan is easy to communicate with and very hospitable. Definitely recommend staying here Jonathan’s place is nicely decorated and very clean. The room is full of sun with a nice view.  Its location is pretty convenient, just 2-3 blocks away from L line. And Jonathan is a great host, very responsive and accommodating. I highly recommend it! Jonathan is a lovely host and his apartment is beautiful. Its a very good choice for someone flying solo in Bushwick. Jonathan place is cozy, modern, neat, and has everything you need during a trip. its very close to the subway station which is really convenient. Jonathan was very accommodating he made sure of everything going smoothly There was some sort of a mouse in the room under the bed, so he offered me to sleep in the other room/or couch which was considerate of him. Jon was a great host. His apartment was lovely, clean and had trendy Bushwick style decor. I had a great time in Bushwick and got to experience something different out side of Manhattan! The L train was one block away which made it easy to get anywhere at anytime. The neighbourhood has a lot of bars and restaurants, with Jons apartment be close to everything!! Really appreciate the time Jon took to explain the neighbourhood and everything else around the apartment.  Thanx again, Alice!! Mon expérience chez Jonathan cest très très bien passer,  Pour commencer l’emplacement est idéal : même pas 5 minutes à pied du métro, laverie à coter, supermarché à proximité, beaucoup de petit restaurant typique et pas cher dans le quartier ainsi que des boutiques vintage à foison (pour les amoureux du shopping ça compte).  Le quartier est safe et on met environ 35 minutes à aller dans le centre.  La literie était très bonne, la propreté impeccable.  Jonathan est quelquun de très amicale, gentil, toujours prêt à aider ou à donner des informations.  Jai passer un excellent séjour et cest avec plaisir que jy retourne en mai.	1
208	"The first time with airbnb for both Carine and us. Carine is friendly, helpful, and enthusiastic. She gave us good tips for our visits/restaurants. She was also arranging for our check-out as our return flight was late in the evening. Simply the perfect host and a great 1st experience in NYC ! Highly recommended. Carine was a great host and her place made for a cozy spot on the Upper East Side.  I highly recommend it...you wont go wrong and the next time Im in NYC I hope the space is free. Für unseren ersten Aufenthalt in New York hätten wir es nicht besser treffen können mit der Wahl für Carine ihre Wohnung ! Es ist sauber gemütlich und hat seinen ganz eigenen Charm...Carine ist super nett und Hilfsbereit sie gibt viele Tipps vom Essen gehen bis zur super Entspannung´s Oase...Wenn wir wieder nach New York reisen, würde Carine sicher wieder unsere Wahl sein....Nur zu Empfehlen !!! :) Wir hatten einen schönen Woche und konnten nach den ganzen Wanderungen und Einkäufen bei Carine entspannen, Sie war immer hilfsbereit und eine nette Gastgeberin. Es war mal was anderes als immer im Hotel zu übernachten. Die Wohnung liegt Zentral und ist gut zu erreichen, alle Geschäfte die man braucht sind in der Nähe. Nous avons été merveilleusement bien reçu par Carine. Nous étions comme à la maison, le tout dans le respect de lespace de chacun. Ses petits conseils pour visiter la ville nous ont été précieux. Le quartier est très sympa, très bien situé et calme. Lappartement agréable à vivre et Carine une Hôtesse parfaite! Merci encore. The apt was in a great location on the upper east side and really made my stay in NYC wonderful.  I was able to walk everywhere I wanted, central park was 4 streets away, and the subway was 3streets.  The neighborhood felt very safe and comfortable.  Carine was amazing.  She was very flexible on coming in and when I left.  She made me feel very welcome and comfortable.  I would highly recommend!  Thank you again for everything!! . Fantastic location.  Very warm and welcoming place, felt like home!  Carine is very welcoming and friendly, a great host.  I would definitely recommend her and her place to anyone.  Very nice apartment, everything was clean and  in a good neighborhood. The subway is very close so you can travel easily. Carine is very friendly and helpful. She gives you a warm welcome. The bedroom is a little small, but there was enough space for two suitcases. We had a pleasant stay in NYC! Our experience at Carine appartement was a real succes! As everybody described her, Carine is a great host, ready to give any tips she has and to do her best to help you for anything. Also The communication before booking was perfect. About the appartment: no surprise it is exactly like described, the only negative point is the small rooms and bathroom but again it was described on her advertissement and not so important for us...It is very well located, close to subway in a calm neighboorhood. If you get the chance to go there dont hesitate to much, it was a pleasure for us... The room was pretty small, but its nice and tidy. The location was great, just 2 blocks away from subway and its in the safe area of Manhattan. Carine was a wonderful host. Unfortunately, she was busy during the time that we visited so we didnt have chance to chat much with her.     The only little thing that irritated me and my friend is that it was extremely hot (~90 to 95F) when we were in Manhattan. There was no air condition in this Apt. However, Carine provided us a big fan which was not too bad at all.    Overall, its a good experience. Ich habe mich bei Carine sehr wohl gefühlt!     Die Lage der Wohnung ist wirklich großartig – nur 5 Fuß-Minuten vom Central Park entfernt, unzählige Bars, Restaurants und Shops befinden sich in unmittelbarer Nähe – in der Gegend ist was los! Die UBahn-Station ist auch gleich um die Ecke.     Die Wohnung selbst ist aber nicht vom Nachtleben-Lärm betroffen, hier kann man ganz beruhigt und in Ruhe schlafen. Alles was man braucht ist da: Kühlschrank, Herd, Kaffee, Tee und Töpfe dürfen mitbenutzt werden. Die Schlafzimmer sind zwar recht klein, zum Schlafen reichts dicke. Dafür ist das Wohnzimmer umso gemütlicher (die Bilder seht ihr ja).    Mit Carine habe ich mich wirklich bestens verstanden, sie ist sehr herzlich, interessiert und kennt sich in NY gut aus - wertvolle Tipps sind also garantiert!     Da ich mit NY noch nicht fertig bin (eine Woche Urlaub dort reicht nicht!) werde ich auf jeden Fall nochmal wiederkommen und mich wieder bei Carine einnisten :)    ***** Lappartement est très bien placé à deux pas du métro et laccueil très chaleureux. La chambre est un peu petite, comme dit dans la description. Carine est très sympathique et a des bons plans à faire partager.  You enter Carine’s place expecting a host and you come out with a friend. Excellent, 1st time experience in NYC and with Airbnb. Great location, super clean apartment and a beautiful host. Highly recommended. =) This was our first experience with Air BnB and we had a very nice stay in NY. Carine was a friendly host and very flexible. Her apartment is a clean and beautiful place, well located near Central Park in a safe and calm neighborhood.  We definitely recommend it. I just had a great stay. She is one of the greatest person iv ever met. The place is clean and beautiful. If i go to NY again, definitely want to stay here. And I want to say "" thank you"" to her again:)  We had a very nice week in NY. Carine was away during our stay so we had the entire apartment for ourselves together with a German couple.  Even if she was away, Carine was taking care of our requests from France.    The rooms are quite small but there is space in the corridor to store the suite cases etc. The lounge is very nice and large with 2 big sofas.    The apartment is  well located, in a residential area, next to central Park. Subway station nearby.    Nicolas&Ulrika It was my first time in NYC and Carine has been the best host i could ever have.  She is welcoming, friendly and so helpful.   As i was alone she spent time explaining all i could do within a short time.  It was a pleasure meeting her and i would be glad to welcome her in Paris :)  Regarding the place, it was clean and i felt really as at home! Great spot.  Totally as advertised.   Would definitely stay again. Carine was a great host.  No complaints.   Thanks Carine. Carine was very thoughtful, accommodating and helpful.  The place is extremely well located in NYC and relatively quite. She has two small bedrooms for rent. As a crash pad, they are totally enough. The beds were comfortable and clean. Overall, It was a very pleasant experience for me.  I had a wonderful stay in this cozy apartment! The location offers great opportunities for leisure, gastronomy, sight-seeing, and sport activtites. C.!, the host, is very hospitable and friendly. She would answer any of your questions and help to organize your stay in the most convenient way. I strongly recommend to stay in this apartment in the Upper East Side.  I had a perfect stay at Carines home. Dont hesitate !  C was such as nice host to us. The place is just 5 blocks from practically from everywhere you want to be in downtown New York like central park, Fifth Avenue, Rockefeller Center and Chrysler Building. If you have spare time you can always jog at central park which is 5 minutes away from Cs place. If you are planning for a bed and breakfast type, this is your place. A great apartment in an amazing location. Carine was a great host and was very helpful with the questions I had. Very convenient apartment; close to 77th & Lex subway, Central Park and almost everything else in NYC.    Thanks Carine! Carine has been an awesome host! Carine is amazing! Shes a really really nice host and she really does make an effort to make you feel at home and comfortable with the place. The apartment on the other hand: AMAZING! Super super great location for good food (theres a french bakery just a block down and a really nice italian place on the other) Getting around isnt so difficult from where we stayed. The place is nice and cozy. Would love to come back here :) Thanks again Carine! It was a really nice experience to live in her house. It was a lovely place, full of the wonderful decorations. She is so nice and friendly, just feel like living at home. Moreover, the place was really convenient. I would love to choose to live here again if I visit NY next time!   I had a wonderful time at Carines place. Thank you Carine !! Carine was a very friendly and helpful host! She has a small but awesome apartment with a nice location in the upper east side, perfect for our sightseeing in New York ;-). She also had good hints where to go and what to see, because we basically came to New York without a plan. All in all we felt home and comfortable :). We would do this anytime again. Unser Urlaub bei Carine war toll. Das Appartement hat eine Top Lage für New York. Die Gesellschaft war sehr nett und angenehm. Unser Zimmer war sehr klein und hatte kein Fenster, eher eine Abstellkammer. Aber es hat gereicht. Ist halt New York. Leider hat das Haus-Türschloss nicht funktioniert. Etwas ungewöhnlich, aber letztendlich ist nichts passiert. Das Bad sollte dringend renoviert werden. Eventuell auch die Ausstattung. Aber wir waren selten im Zimmer.  A nice trip to NYC. Great Host. Great location.  Unfortunately we didnt get to meet Carine. However the other people staying in the apartment were so much fun! Air con wasnt very good so was quite warm at times in the apartment but was still worth it! Perfect location for subway and museums! carine was a super nice and friendly host! but i would recommend this room only to people who are really super easy going and dont have high standard.  Had a great stay here. Prime location, close to the 6 and a short walk to plenty of good food and places of interest. Carine was super helpful and was able to accommodate our arrival and departure times. It was nice chatting with the couple renting out the room next to ours too!  Everything was ok!!! Carine is very very nice. Room was ok, but no window in it. Carine is a really nice person and the location of the apartment is great (very close to Central Park and subway).  But it was my first Airbnb experience and it did not meet my expectations: 1) she was out of town when we arrived (luckily her friend sent someone to welcome us and give us the key upon our arrival). 2) We didnt know there was another couple staying and it felt a bit unconfortable to hear unknown people walking around. 3) The bathroom was not clean and the flush didnt work properly  4) The room was tiny and with no window so it felt hot and stuffy.  Then again, when she came back to NYC and we finally met her, she was very kind, helpful (she had the flush repaired) and flexible on our departure (we left the room at noon but came back to collect the lugagge at around 5pm). So overall, she is very good as a host, but I expected more from the apartment. Everything was ok, the room is small and cosy as explained in the description. And it was fine for me.  Carine is very friendly, a nice person and can give you some advice to visit the city. It was a very nice week.  The appartment is not far of the subway and not far of central park.  a nice place to stay to visit New York           Super séjour grace à carine, emplacement idéal, logement conforme à notre attente .  We had a lovely stay at Carines place, we were warmly welcomed and got really good tips for our visit! Also the location was perfect. We would go back anytime :) We had a great stay in NYC also due to Carines app. It was like pictured, sure small, but totally fine with that. The only minor issue was the bathroom. It was tiny, tiny and very old, also the water was constantly leaking. When we were in the app with 6 persons it just wasnt enough to have only one combined shower and restroom. But nevertheless would love to come back!  Carine was so nice and helpful. The apartment was very well located, next to central park and subway line 6 (which connects you from uptown to downtown). The area is very safe. Very recommendable. The apartment is very well situated, although one only bathroom for almost 7 seven people could be too little.  There is one big bedroom with a queen bed and windows to the yard, but unfortunately we got instead a small one without windows. The bed was comfy, and as we had no window we had no noise or light, so we slept well.  Kitchen and living room are nice, bathroom a bit narrow.  Shes very friendly!   Carine is an awesome host!!!! I wish I had time to get to know her!!! She really took care of me! Her place allowed me to get a real New York feel. I could have stayed at a hotel but I had a better time at the apartment. If anyone is visiting New York stay here! You are near the museums, central park and the subway! Thank you Carine for your hospitality!!! Cant wait to come back :) Carine is a great host and it was so much fun being in NYC with her around. She was very helpful and the room and bed was perfect for me.  If you have the opportunity to stay with her I would jump on it.   We enjoyed our stay at Carines apartment. Its in a great location. Although we never met her, she communicated really quickly and clearly before, during and after our visit. And her friend who handled our arrangements was patient (we were really late getting there) and courteous. Our room was really small and without windows but we really didnt spend much time in it. The futon was fairly comfortable. Carines other guests were up early on Sunday morning so it was a little hard to sleep in. But if youre a sound sleeper, you should have no problem! Overall, our visit at Carines apartment was good. First of all, pick the bad thing is shower wasnt come out hot water well so i have to quick shower,,  But near the Guggenheim, MET museum & cheap supermarket are near to stay can save money and Migdalia was really kind for me so I want to recommend here and want to come again ^-^!! Many thanks. Location and neighbourhood are very good. Too small room but it was ok for us.  Absolutely wonderful host!  She was very helpful and knowledgeable about the city.  The apartment was cozy and warm which was perfect after being outside in the cold NYC winter weather.  I couldnt have asked for a better host.  She is an absolute joy to be around!  Really nice stay, really friendly host! Staying with Carine was great. As the first time in NY she gave me a lot of tips of how to get around, what restaurants and museums to go to, and was just there to chat as well. She seems to host a lot of people from France, which was cool since I enjoy meeting people from other countries.Place was clean, there was a nice kitchen. I would certainly recommend her.  Carine is a delight!  I know that she is in the process of moving and I am not sure if she will continue renting but certainly if she is I would not hesitate to rent from her again Carine was really friendly and make the experience very easy. The apartment was cosy and in a great location - Id definitely stay again. Un fiasco! Carine nest pas organisée et surtout pas honnête. A mon arrivée à New York je vais à son travail comme convenu pour récupérer les clefs de lappartement, elle mapprends quelle  a déménagé 1 semaine auparavant . Lappartement est peut être mieux place mais il est au 5eme étage sans ascenseur. Elle sexcuse de na pas avoir eu le temps de préparer lappartement pour notre arrivée mais nous assure venir des quelle terminera son travail après 19h pour nous changer les draps . Je me rends donc à ladresse indiquée. Rien nest prêt, les anciennes locataires sont parties dans la journée en laissant leurs poubelles et les toilettes bouchées, le lit nest pas fait et surprise, la salle de bain mesure moins de 2m2 ( avec les toilettes à lintérieur ).pas de serviettes propres comme convenu...nous sommes fatigués du voyage et souhaitons nous coucher , Carine narrivera quà 21h30! Nous nous sommes endormis sur le canapé qui se trouve dans la cuisine en lattendant!  Je suis furieuse et ne souhaite quune chose...partir! Elle sexcuse en arrivant et quand je lui dis que je veux prendre un hotel à la place car lappartement ne correspond pas à ma réservation , elle me dit quon va trouver une solution en me proposant sa chambre dans lappartement quelle partage avec un ami. Je visite le nouvel appartement le lendemain, il est beaucoup mieux mais elle ne peux nous y accueillir que 2 jours après . Le jour J je prépare mes valises pour le changement dappartement mais dans la journée je reçois un texto me disant que la reproduction du double des clefs de lentrée de limmeuble ne peut se faire avant quelques jours donc si jaccepte sa proposition de nouvel appartement il faudra que nous rentrions aux mêmes heures !!!!!!!!! Vive la liberté pour mes vacances, non?  Je suis tellement énervée que je décide finalement de rester dans lappartement du départ (appartement que jai finalement partagé 2 jours apres mon arrivée avec sa nouvelle locataire Alice , française vivant à nyc)  Quand je demande un dédommagement à Carine au milieu de mon séjour, elle me dit que jaurais du lui dire que lappartement ne me convenait pas et que si je voulais je pouvais partir et quelle me remboursait la fin du séjour. Pour mes 4 dernières nuits je ne me voyais pas refaire encore une fois mes valises et celles de mon fils. Je lui ai demande 2 nuits de remboursement elle men a accordé une soit 80€ de remboursé. Je tiens à dire quaprès cette conversation téléphonique je nai plus jamais eu de ses nouvelles malgré mes messages , elle a fait passer largent par la nouvelle locataire de lappartement.  Bref je vous déconseille fortement de réserver cette chambre .  Le ménage na jamais été fait , pas de balai ni daspirateur pour le faire moi même. Les 2 chambres sont coté à côté et il ny a aucune insonorisation.  Bref fuyez! Et encore jen passe faute de place! Staying at Carines apartment was really nice. It is well-located so we did not waste too much time with transportation. We did not encounter any problem during our stay, so next time Ill go to NYC Ill probably contact her again! Abbiamo passato una buona settimana da Corine, anche se non labbiamo conosciuta. La casa era molto carina, peccato non fosse quella che avevamo prenotato visto che ha traslocato un mesetto prima. Camera piccola ma comoda, bagno troppo piccolo ma il fatto che non avessimo limiti di orario o cose simili ha fatto molto piacere a una coppia di ventenni :) E soprattutto labbiamo usata solo per dormire visto che tanto si è sempre in giro dalla mattina alla sera. La metro è molto comoda, e la zona molto tranquilla! Tutto sommato una buona esperienza Première expérience Airbnb très décevante. Malgré la sympathie de Carine et dAlice, il y a eu des problèmes dorganisation et de communication entre elles. Notre chambre était coincée entre deux autres, donc très peu dintimité, et pas pratique pour nous et pour ceux qui logeaient dans ces autres chambres. En 10 jours, nous avons vu passer 3 couples différents, cest une vraie auberge de jeunesse. Pas vraiment ce à quoi à on sattendait. La salle de bain était non seulement minuscule, mais surtout extrêmement sale...  Au final, un peu cher pour ce que cest.      Todo muy bien!. Carine fue muy amable y nos ayudo en todo lo que le solicitamos.  El departamento es suficiente y esta muy bien para una estadia pasajera donde uno solo lo usa realmente por las noches para dormir. El precio es justo y muy bueno comparado con el resto de las posibilidades teniendo en cuenta la privacidad. Lo unico a tener en cuenta es que hay que subir y bajar 5 pisos por escalera, usted debera tenerlo en cuenta si tiene dificultades para ello, no es tan grave pero hay gente que no puede realizar eso.  La ubicacion es muy buena, zona residencial, tranquila cerca del central park y de linea de subte E, a pocos minutos en subte de cualquier destino en NY.  Seguramente recomendaria a un amigo su estadia alli y por sobre todo contactarse con Carine. The host is really nice, and welcomed. And the house really worthies this price, since its so cheap. Be to honest, I had high expectation before I went to New York, but the house really disappointed me, the bathroom is so small, it barely can let one people stand in. Btw, there is no elevator, u can get a lot of exercises while the days in NY. Also, there is no air conditioner in the room, the only thing host provided is fan, the fan worked well, just too noisy during the night. After the first night lived there, my friend and I got bite by the flea I guess. However, the worst thing is the position of the room we lived, if we wanted to get into our room, we need to get in through other peoples room, thats really stupid! And the last tip, dont ever trust the photos! Thats not true!  Quick & Dirty Details You Need to Know:    The dece:   The hostess was nice and accommodating. If there’s a problem, she’ll work with you. She offered to pay our taxi fare because we went to the wrong address originally provided by AirBnB (make sure you doublecheck with the host after making reservation!!).     The bedroom was small, but cozy enough. The mattress – well two single beds mattresses together – sat  on the floor with a small platform underneath. There were enough electrical outlets for our needs. I never felt like it wasn’t enough room; it just wasn’t a lot. But who wants to be inside too long when visiting NYC anyways? It’s a good thing it wasn’t too comfortable.     The good:  The wireless was reliable and worked the whole time we were there.    The location is great. I went downstairs at midnight and got an amazing breakfast burrito for $5 and the portion was good enough for another meal! I love NYC delis! We were a ten minute walk from the metro and could travel downtown in about 20 minutes. There were lots of great French restaurants nearby and Oslo coffee shop is close and damn good!    The bad:  I’m healthy and in good shape, and I felt pangs in my legs walking to the top. Beware if you are overweight or have any difficulty climbing stairs.     I struggled to fit my slender body in the bathroom. It was teeny tiny. One foot in the tub and one on the tiles did the trick. There were no blinds (hi, Tom!) and the toilet seat was broken.     One issue was that our room was behind one of the other rooms that was rented out on Saturday night. Although she was friendly and barely there, it was just unusual and not felt more like a hostel or camp rather than an apartment.  After we left, the worst by far was all the bug bites we had discovered. There must have been bed bugs all over. I briefly glanced at a bulletin board in the entry way that said something about “doing your part to prevent the spread of bed bugs.” I was excited to be in New York City at the time so I didn’t care much when I came back late at night … I was just happy to have a bed … but in hindsight the sheets and blankets didn’t feel very clean.      Would I stay again? Well, when you’re watching your money, you can’t afford to be too choosey. The location is decent and the neighborhood is the draw. It’s also a great feeling to have a place to come “home” to. No one was there most of the time so it felt like we had the place to ourselves. However, I would only consider it again if the room next to us wasn’t booked and there weren’t bed bugs. Otherwise, I’d rather find a place just as decent and experience the thrill of trying something new.    It was a wonderful stay at Carines flat in Upper East. The appartement is really good located with all you need. Next time in NYC I will stay here again.  nice neighbourhood, a lot of breakfast and dinner option, close to the Green metro line and the F line.    Nice cosy NYC apartment. fresh towels and amnities.    Easy access to the housekeys. C. is great, attentive and cool. The apt is ok, everything as described and no big surprises: good location, not too much privacy, tiny bathroom, nice room with a view of 1st avenue, 6 floors up the stairs. Tip: nice terrace (if it is not too cold).   All in all, it fit me and it was worth it, but no luxury if that is what you are looking for.    Thank you C for everything and i expect you in Buenos Aires. Thanks C.!,  The pictures and description are accurate, the location is great and the area was safe and with everything that you could need nearby.  C. is lovely, warm, and great to talk to.  She was careful when selecting the airbnb guest that I stayed with.  I would recommend this location to anyone (maybe with the exception of people with limited mobility/difficulty walking-many stairs and tiny tiny bathroom). Accueil sympathique, appartement très bien situé et plutôt agréable. Manque dintimité quand il faut traverser une autre chambre parfois occupée pour rejoindre la cuisine et les sanitaires. Prévoir de renforcer lhygiène. Bons conseils pour les sorties et informations pratiques. Cozy, great location  Nice and cosy apartment which is easily to be found. Typical New Yorker block of flats with its special charm.  Carine is very nice and made big efforts to make me feel comfortable.  The contact via email and messages was regular and obliging. Merci, Carine! My experience in this apartment was completely positive. The place was ideally located for my needs (I had to work at NYC presbiterian Hospital).  It is not far from Metro (10 min walk), in case you want to head downtown. Carine gave me very good hints about restaurants around, I tried every and I promise she is very expert, especially on Sushi bars! Finally, the roof of the building is superb for a beer on warm summer evenings. I definitely suggest you this apartment for a nice stay in Manhattan. Perfect for what I needed - staying close to the hospital while tending to my mother. Carine was excellent at staying in communication! The place is also conveniently located only a couple of blocks from the subway so if youre from out of town its great as a homebase! Everything was ready for arrival and a great week. We enjoyed staying and it is very close to the Weill Medical Center, where I visited a conference. The Place is clean and cozy, and we found everything we needed.  Since temperature have been hot - very hot - we had to open the windows and so the NYC street noise visited our ears quite a lot. Of course this is part of the city, and nothing anyone can change. Really nice and clean appartment! Our original host cancelled at 4pm on the same day so we were in a hurry to get a new place to stay at. Carine was really understanding and flexible and totally saved us! Would recommend! The host canceled this reservation 4 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. A cosy and characterful place to stay. Love that part of town which Id never seen before. Carine was brilliant and really helpful, so it all worked out very well.  The overall experience of staying in this apartment wasnt great.  The biggest contributors to this were the cleanliness and the check-in.  The bed sheets and pillowcase did not seem like they were washed since their last use, and the bathroom did not feel especially clean.  The plumbing of the apartment was also an inconvenience.  Due to poor plumbing, there is a notice next to the toilet requesting that toilet paper be thrown out in the very small trashcan rather than in the toilet.  Trying to get the key to check in was very stressful because we were out in another neighborhood entirely at 1am trying to find it rather than it being located closer to the apartment.  However, C. was relatively responsive throughout our stay, and she was gracious and kind enough to hail and pay for an Uber after we were out so late trying to retrieve the key.  It was relieving to at least have such a nice host. My stay was less comfortable than I was expecting. The weather in NYC became cold, and since the heating in the building was not turned on, it was cold inside as well. The apartment has only one electric heater, which is quite weak.  I was trying to ask for extra heater, but got nowhere: I was suggested by the owner Carine to buy another one myself, to be reimbursed later. To that I suggested that the person in charge of the apartment should buy it himself, carry it upstairs (6-th floor, no elevator), and install it. The result was that nothing happened.  A very good sushi place - Shabu Shabu - is on 70 street, between 1 and 2 avenue.   Nice location, you definitely get a Manhattan vibe when you are staying there (including the street noise which is to be expected)), cosy and clean. One thing to remember - there is no elevator so if you have heavy suitcases it will take an effort to climb to 5th floor."	0
209	She was wonderful!  We arrived and she showed us around her place. On the bed she had a basket with essentials like towels, soap, lotion, water, snacks, cotton swabs, and a welcome note. She bought bagels, cream cheese, orange juice, yogurt and fruit for our stay. She also had a printed copy of places we can go around the area and museums we can check out. Her place was close to the subway which made it easier to go anywhere and it was a 5minute walk to central park. She was very sweet, made me feel welcomed and really made my trip awesome.  Rasheeda is so thoughtful and attentive. She was always quick in her response to me and when I was running late, she was so accommodating! The bed is so BIG and comfy! Easy getting around right near the train. Ive rented many airbnbs and Rasheeda is by far the most attentive and accommodating host! Thank you!!! Staying at Rasheedas was wonderful and definitely made our visit much better. She was patient in waiting for us to arrive, and greeted us with toiletries, food, etc. She made us feel very comfortable and gave us everything we needed, and more, without us having to ask. All her recommendations of where to go in the area were on point, and going to these spots definitely made our trip more enjoyable. She is very kind and friendly and I highly recommend staying here!  Rasheeda was a very generous and thoughtful host. She was very considerate of our privacy and space and her level of involvement was dictated by ours. Rasheeda was willing to review our proposed itinerary and provided great feedback on making the most of our time.  She sent a text to see if we arrived in New York and another departing text wishing us safe travels back home.      Rasheeda’s apartment is conveniently located near the subway line and only a few blocks from Central Park. Her apartment is in a safe cultural neighborhood with plenty of options for restaurants only a few blocks away. The bed was comfortable and the room was spacious for the two of us.  Rasheeda was consciences of our comfort, offering us warmer blankets if needed, providing towels, and a nice welcome basket.  The common living area and kitchen were open for use and our host was very accommodating would we have chosen to utilize it.     We can’t recommend her enough and if she still has an Airbnb operating when we return to New York, I know where we will try to stay.    Great place, great owner, close to subway and central park. if you want to feel the NY - Rasheedas place is great!!! Durch Rasheedas offene Art haben wir uns sofort willkommen gefühlt und nicht eingeschränkt. Das Zimmer war schön eingerichtet und ein kleines Willkommen-Körbchen hat uns erwartet. Rasheeda hat auf einem Zettel Informationen zu Geschäften in der Nachbarschaft geschrieben und uns auch so geholfen in der Stadt zurecht zu kommen. Rasheeda ist sehr freundlich und entspannt, ich würde sie jederzeit wieder als Gastgeber wählen. Rasheeda is a very nice person and was very helpful choosing restaurants and places in the surrounding. If you look for a comfy place to stay a little out of the city centre,but very quiet,we would recommend staying with her in any ways.	1
210	We had an amazing stay here. The house is beautiful and so comfortable. Oswaldo made sure everything was taken care of, and we really enjoyed our week long stay in his house.     The ferry station was really, really close by. My family actually preferred the walk there (in the winter cold) rather than to take the car---which is a testament to both the short distance and the view of the walk.     Oswaldo was very nice to make an exception for our dog, which we appreciated very much. Also, we had a full kitchen to use, and so we got to prepare a small but festive Christmas dinner during our stay too :)     All in all, wonderful host and wonderful home :) Would definitely stay again if my family returns to SI!    Oswaldo was very helpful and gave us lots of helpful local information.  His house is lovely and spacious - ideal for a family to chill out after a day in the city.  Getting into Manhatten is easy and enjoys a daily trip past the Statue of Liberty.  The ferry is only 10 minutes walk away but if you jump on the bus using your metro card you get free transfers to the subway and with sightseeing in NYC being so exhausting is sometimes a good idea.  I would recommend staying at Oswaldos house.  La casa de Oswaldo esta en buen estado , muy bien ubicada y a 10 minutos del ferry que va a Manhattan el cual es gratis. Mi familia se divirtió mucho y disfrutó de la compañía de Diana, ella vive en el sótano y esta ahí por las tardes si se le necesita.  Gracias. Located just 15 minutes from the Staten Island Ferry Terminal (less than 5 minutes by bus), this spacious, warm house is a great place to come home to after exploring the electrically chaotic city. The neighborhood is very peaceful and green, and the host was extremely helpful and friendly. Great for families, couples, or friends who are seeking a nice house at an affordable price in NYC. One of the nicest places we’ve ever stayed in using Airbnb. The host canceled this reservation 98 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Oswaldo fut un hôte merveilleux ! Toujours possible de le contacter pour nos questionnements. Plusieurs suggestions dactivités et restaurants géniaux de sa part. Sa maison était hyper grande, propre et bien située. A 15 minutes du ferry gratuit pour rejoindre Mannathan !   Jy retournerais sans hésiter ! Ce fut des vacances parfaites pour ma famille et moi ! Nous avons pu profiter de la ville de NY tout en vivant dans un quartier sécuritaire et calme. Nous avions même une belle terrasse avec un set de patio pour les soupers et soirées a lextérieur. La grande galerie a lavant de la maison fut grandement appréciée pour les buveurs de café matinaux :)  Encore merci Oswaldo ! We had a relaxing stay in a lovely home within easy walking of the ferry (except for my 78 year old mum who preferred to take the bus which runs close to the house, to avoid walking up a hill on the way home.) Everything was as described and I always felt like I could ask my hosts any questions. We took their advice and went to the Chinese Scholars Garden at Snug Harbour on Staten Island which was worth a visit. Mostly we went to Manhattan via the ferry and it was a great way to start and end a day. We had a really comfortable stay and would come back if we ever needed to be in New York again.    Our family of 5 absolutely loved staying in Oswaldo’s home!  The house was much larger than we expected.  The house was a beauty!  She had some age on her, and some the creaks and sticking doors that you would expect, but nothing that was an issue.  It may be old, but the interior has been updated with modern features and is beautifully decorated. The house was very clean, no signs of dirt or bugs.  It was very quiet in the house at night, you can occasionally hear some traffic from the front of the house, but not often.  There are 2 main bedrooms on the second floor, a large Master with a comfortable king bed and a second bedroom with a queen size.  Both rooms had window AC units that kept it quite comfortable, even with afternoons in the high 90’s. The third bedroom on the second floor was a small kid’s room with one child’s bed and a single bunkbed over the child’s bed.  This room has a circulation fan in the window, it did a fair job of cooling the room except for the night after our hottest day, especially for the top bunk.  We did’t use it, but there is also a third floor with an extra bedroom (with a pullout bed) and an office.  The bathrooms were modern and well appointed.  The downstairs bath and kitchen both seems to be recently renovated.  We were able to find everything we needed in the kitchen for the few meals we had there.    The Staten Island ferry is about 5 blocks away, but there is a bus stop just 50 feet from the front door that will take you straight to the ferry.  On returning it will drop you off a block and a half from the house.  The buses are timed with the ferry, so go straight out to Gate D and get on either Bus #42 or #52.      Oz was very responsive to all my emails and questions.  He was a joy to work with! I wouldn’t hesitate one instant to stay here again!  LOVED IT! Its my first experience with airb&b. The house is just like the photos showed in the website, very clean and very cozy. Its near to the ferry which can directly takes you to Wallstreet in 25 mins. Very convenient! Although Oswaldo was not there, he responded quickly  to any of my questions and helped me a lot. I like this house and will definitely recommend it to my friends who will come to NY. Ten minute walk to the ferry but we preferred to uber back at night due to the neighborhood. Suited our needs for our first time visit to New York and first time using air bnb for accommodations. Oswaldo was a good communicator and responded quickly. No issues with self check-in.  Couch and love seat in living room were not very clean and had a bad odor and probably need to be replaced. Wifi worked well. Parking on the street was free but quite limited and people parked close together. Updated kitchen was nice. Access to washer and dryer in basement.  This is a lovely, old and quirky home. Oswaldo, even though we never met, was an excellent host warning in advance of potential problems and giving full check in instructions. Its an easy walk to the ferry, a little bit steep on the way home, easier if you use the steps by the courthouse. The supermarket, Key foods on Bay street, had everything we needed for eating in. We ate a great breakfast at Gavel Grill and excellent evening meal at Enoteca Maria, quite pricey but delicious italian, both on Hyatt. For a family travelling to New York City Oswaldo’s place cannot be beat. Just don’t tell anyone because we want to come back. We live in France and I actually lived in NYC for 20 years, including Manhattan and Brooklyn, and I finally ended up on Staten Island in a house. I grew to love Staten Island, and the ride in and out of New York on the Staten Island Ferry. There is nothing quite like this boat ride.  So returning there was a homecoming of sorts. Oswaldo’s house is a short walk to the ferry, so you don’t need a car. And after a long day slogging around Manhattan its a pleasure to take the boat and arrive on Oswaldo’s green and elegant street. Staten Island is kind of a state secret. Its New York City but its also has...a small town vibe. And try matching the price for a group or family in Manhattan! The description was correct about the house. As an anciente house as the woods noises. Nice house, spacious, great for a family!  Oswaldo reacted always very promptly. Next time we want to come  back !	1
211	Grant place that is centrally located in Queens.  Everything was very clean and orderly!  Communication was on point and no other issues.  I will be staying here again for sure! 房东人很好。有问必答。有求必应。门口就有公交巴士站 还算挺便捷的 。卫生干净,房间很温馨。整体合格! Very helpful host and very good location .  Great place to stay! This place is super convenient and in a quiet area.  I love staying here whenever Im in town!   Great clean room and bathroom with all the basic amenities like ac and wifi, great location close to flushing and its expansive chinese food options For guests staying here while planning to visit Manhattan, this property although adequate, was slightly too far away.  We wanted to use the public transportation system during our visit and it proved just too arduous to make our daily commutes to and from NYC and its boroughs. Tammie was very helpful and communicative.  The property is set up to accommodate 3 separate guest rooms.  With only one bathroom, this made for waiting periods in the morning and evening. thank you ^_^ will stay here again in the future Quiet environment and good value in NYC Great value for the location.  Weekly subway pass only $33, which can also be used for buses.  Best way to see New York City on a budget. It was a nice peaceful place, a nice experience and a good price. A nice and loving living area in Flusing. It is a good choice Thanks to you, It was comfortable trip. Excellent location in Flushing, Queens with nice host nice home .. looks exactly like pictures ... its clean ... 超棒的房源,乾淨且溫馨,附近感覺很安全,晚上在附近走也不覺得危險,不到30秒的地方就有公車站牌,推薦給大家。很棒的住宿環境! Good place. A little issue about the heat too hot and dry. Great place very nice host El cuarto fue exacto como en las fotos. Lo único canson era esperar por el baño compartido. El bus pasa al frente de la casa  Bastante conveniente. En general muy buena la estancia. Its a nice place.  Great location,  close to a bus terminal.  Decent communication. She will go out of her way to make sure that you enjoy your stay. 干净、安静、方便出入	1
212	We needed a plae on short notice so they responded very quickly, they were were nice hosts, very welcoming and ready to share information.  Apartament was very nice, with big bathroom and cool kitchen with TV, very fast internet. Room was big, great bed, great air condition. Nice neighborhood with close subway, nice shops and bars. Great experience and would recommend to everyone. Really large bedroom with a dresser, some closet space, and desk with a computer where you can surf the Internet. Great location and friendly, courteous hosts. Had a great time in Brooklyn thanks to these two! Nice location and hosts!!!Their place is less than 5 mins walk to subway station. Great and spacey room to stay. We didnt get there until late night but they were super nice and patient helping us moving in.  Great location, super friendly, super accommodating Toya was welcoming and then left us our privacy over the five days. Their Air B&B offered easy access to the metro as well as a healthy walk to the Brooklyn Art Museum and the Botanical Gardens. Close by, Bedford and Franklin Avenues are interesting streets offering up all sorts of good restaurants.   It is a diversified neighbourhood in transition, there is a  Wholefoods store nearby, as well as a great little place, Crêperie Paris-Dakar (on Nostrand) only three blocks away.  We were there during the first heat wave of the summer, it was so good to have a working air conditioner in our room. The room size is generous, the bed comfortable, closet space with lots of hangers, dresser drawers and a computer, which we did not use as we had our IPads.  You need to be someone accustomed to the noise of major city traffic and, also, there is a frequent commuter train which runs long hours on an elevated track.  The subway is only a seven minute walk, the express A line, as well as the C line, both which go directly to Penn Station.  Overall, Toya and Femi made every effort to make sure we were comfortable. Femi and Toya were very kind and helpful. The room and apartment were clean and comfortable. The location was an easy one from which to operate. I would surely stay there again. Femi and Toya are excellent and friendly hosts - their communication was fast pre-booking and during the stay (including getting locked out of our room and helping us solve this quickly!), with great recommendations and advice.  For light sleepers, be advised that youre on the second level above a busy road with LIRR trains passing very frequently and at night, too.  For the price, we (two people) felt fine, but felt that the cleanliness of the room could be better.  A/C window unit works well for summer.  Location was super easy - two blocks from Subway station with lines A and C.   The owners were very nice and welcoming. There was clear lines of communication and they were ready to give tips on the area or answer questions about the listing. Rules and guidelines were outlined clearly, and they were willing to work with my friends and I. This has been my best Airbnb experience and Id recommend this listing to anyone. Truthfully appreciated the hospitality provided by these 2. Super sincere and genuine. Just off Nostrand Avenue super convenient. Great feel for what Brooklyn has to offer at such an affordable price. Saw previous reviews in regards to noise, its NYC what else would you expect. Ive lived in Alabama and I live in DC. Its not that bad and Im a light sleeper. Regardless would go again Very nice host and room is comfortable. Close to subway. We enjoyed our staying there. Toya was great. She was super responsive and our stay went very smoothly. This is a great place to stay for the value. I would recommend! Toya and Femi were wonderful hosts, made our stay pleasurable and provided us with helpful insight about all of New York!  Couldnt thank them enough for everything.,.,  Awesome experience, felt like we were visiting family. Femi and Toya were very helpful. They gave us suggestions for local restaurants and she was a walking book of knowledge about Brooklyn. They were kind and never made us feel unwelcome. They made our stay in Brooklyn enjoyable!   Great apartment! Very nice and clean. Its very close to the subway which will get you anywhere. We also were able to walk to the Prospect park and Brooklyn Botanic Garden. Hosts provided everything we needed to make our stay as comfortable as possible. We personally knew Femi & Toya which made it even better but their place gives you the real feel of nyc with the subway near the window which I loved. New York is a busy place so I like hearing the train in the middle of the night. Femi & Toya were fast responding to our texts and there place was nice and big will be staying here again when we come back. Femi & Toya son excelentes anfitriones. Nuestra estancia en su hogar fue placentera y con sus sugerencias pudimos aprovechar el poco tiempo que estuvimos en su ciudad. Es una opción genial para hospedaje por  calidez en el trato. Agradecemos todas sus atenciones. Saludos afectuosos desde Pachuca Hidalgo, México Femi and Toya were great hosts! Near transit. Id stay again if visiting Brooklyn. Very friendly people and a short walk to the next subway station. My stay with Femi & Toya went great! My partner and I visited NYC for a couple days late August/early Sept. and we enjoyed the place + the good location it was in. The place was near quite a few train stops that could get you into the city or other parts of Brooklyn. Thanks Femi & Toya for letting us stay! Def recommend/would stay here again. A lovely, clean room in a convenient neighborhood. Good value! Great place with very friendly couple. Big room with A/C and comfortable double bed and double air bed mattress. I had ear plugs to combat noise but it really wasn’t as bad as people have said in other reviews, and I’m a light sleeper! Great supermarket across the road and other gift shops if youre after some Brooklyn souvenirs. Good security with double locked doors and privacy with own lock on bedroom door. I’d recommend staying here if you need a place in Brooklyn! Stay with Femi & Toya was amazing! They are very friendly and lovely cople! The location is amazing and very close to train stations and good places to eat! The room is large and airy, plenty of space for 2 queen beds. Femi and Toya are lovely hosts. The location was very convenient for the subway and busses and there is a great supermarket close by. It is close to the train and so somewhat noisy at night however ear plugs worked for me! Femi & Toya were both incredibly welcoming and accommodating hosts! The room was large, with an A/C and a comfortable and spacious double bed. The train was a little bit noisy at night, but it was fine. Really convenient location from the subway and not too far from Franklin St which had an array of restaurant selections. Id recommend staying here! Everything was great! Just know that the metro line is right there through the window, so you could have problems sleeping if you’re a light sleeper. Otherwise - great value for the money! Femi and Toya were very responsive and helpful. Located conveniently near the subway that takes about 30 minutes to Manhattan. Femi and Toya have a good solid place to stay and it worked well for my weekend.  It’s on a busy street so a little noisy, but I did have the window open and hey it’s Brooklyn, so I expected that. Parking is time limited in front M-Sat. so I parked on a nearby block for my time.  I can recommend it if you’re looking for a place to stay. Great place to say and so close to the subway! Great room, and super nice hosts! Large, clean bedroom! Easy access to subway. Femi and Toya are great hosts, very communicative and flexible. Its a really good appartment! Its a perfect location. If you don’t want to pay to much, this is perfect! Nice host and easy in communication. Great location and they had excellent local recommendations.  Close to grocery stores, bodegas and two blocks from a main subway line.  Please read their description of the city noise environment.	1
213	"The appartment was very clean and perfect for what we needed. Just steps away from central park and many stores and wonderful restaurant in upper west side. I was able to leave my car in the street without being afraid of it disappering.  In brief, Charlie was a great host, leaving me and my bf tourist books of new york and maybe advices. He also answered all our questions concerning our trip in NY. Thank you. We stayed at Charlie’s place in December while on a 4 days visit to NY. His place is centrally located in a lovely quiet and safe street and well-kept building. The appartment is spacious, warm and practical and Charlie had prepared really well our stay with excellent notes, a guide book. All was clean and in good working order. It’s the perfect place as a base to discover New York and though Charlie was not there he had organised keys with friends. We definitely can recommend his place and hope to be back soon. Thanks Charlie  Charlie was an excellent host and his place was just as advertised. It is in a great location in the Upper West Side and very close to the subway. There is a lot to do around that location as well from restaurants to sight seeing. My girlfriend and I were only staying there for 1 night but wished we could have stayed longer. Charlie was out of town while I was visiting so I didnt get a chance to meet his but we discussed everything over the phone and via email before hand. He made all the necessary arrangements and accommodated me as much as he could. Because he wasnt going to be there in person he arranged for his friend Bob to delivery us the keys and also made sure that the place would be clean and that we would have clean bed sheets for when we got there. I would highly recommend this location for your visit to New York and I would definitely recommend Charlies apartment. I couldnt have been happier! We had a nice stay in New York . The flat was very quiet,very clean comfortable and well located . Ideal for 2 persons ! Charlie was such a good host! And his place is great, you should booked it! We had a great time in Charlies place. Everything was perfect, thanks a lot! :) Charlies place was great and exactly as pictured. This is a perfect location in a beautiful building steps from Central Park and very close to trains, Lincoln Centre and great shopping and restaurants. Just a couple of train stops to Times Square. The place was clean, the bed was comfortable and it is very peaceful and quiet which can be hard to find in the city. There was lots of hot water and great air conditioning when needed. Friendly people in the area and it is very safe. Ill be back. I could not ask for a better place. Charlie was great.. the apt perfect and the location superb, I wished I stayed longer, for sure coming back. We stayed at Charlies apartment for 3 days. The apartment is very clean, convenient, and very well located. The bed is also really comfortable. Charlie is a very good host, very welcoming... He made us feel like home. I would recommend this place to all Air BnB guests. Thank you for everything, Charlie! My boyfriend and i stayed in Charlies apartment for one week at the end of August. The apartment was great and had everything we needed for a importable stay. Charlie was a great host and made us feel welcome when he met us with the keys. He was also flexible with us handing the keys back as our flight was later in the evening. The apartment is in a great location, 2 min walk to Central Park and a easy 15 min walk to Times Square. There are also lots of nice bars/restaurants within walking distance as well as a few subway stops. Would definitely recommend Charlies apartment and would stay in it again I ever visiting New York.  Charlie is wonderful host! The aparment was exactly what we expected : clean, warm, comfortable, in a really great bloc and really near from the subway and central park ! Also, Charlie is always available if you have any questions, he answers very quickly and hes very acomdating for your arrival and departure time. So : go to Charlies place!!! Charlies apartment is in a fantastic location and he was a very gracious host.  The apartment is ideal for couples but my mom had two friends with her and they were all comfy.  I Highly recommend looking into this apartments availability if youre coming to New York.  Charlies place was great. Such a wonderful location right next to the park and great location for restaurants and shopping and even the subway. Couldnt get better. The building was safe, clean and beautiful brownstone in a great neighborhood. Charlie was very responsive and made sure we knew exactly who we were calling and meeting when we arrived. Also, his friend was very patient as we were later than we expected. Great weekend! Would definitely recommend.  Charlies place was wonderful, close to Central Park and subways to get around NYC. The apartment was clean and comfortable. As Charlie was out of town his friend was on hand to help us with anything we needed to know. Charlies apartment was great! It looked exactly like the pictures show.  It was spacious, clean & very warm - which was great since it was snowing. Location was fantastic, Central Park at the end of the street, 10 min walk to metro station, 30 min walk to Times Square. Charlie was very helpful and responds to messages quickly. We felt privileged to stay in his apartment and hope stay there again next time we are in New York. Charlies apartment was perfect for our 10 day stay.  Its literally a couple minutes walk to the Central Park, 50 yards.  2 Subway stops are very close with different trains.  Museums were within walking distance, we went to the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the American Museum of Natural History, and the Henry Clay Frick Museum.  The street away from Central Park had good restaurants, a little market that carried everything we needed, as well as a Starbucks and desert bakery very close.  We did not meet Charlie, but he made arrangements to get us the key with his friend and everything went exactly as arranged.  Our flight in was delayed, so we arrived 3 hours later than planned and that did not cause any problem with getting the key.  When we arrived, Charlies friend was waiting for us.  He showed us everything we needed to know about our stay.  The apartment was clean, we made use of the kitchen every day.  The bed was comfortable, and the couch was comfortable too.  It was snowing when we arrived and below freezing for the first three days.  The heater in the apartment worked well; the apartment was very cozy all night.  When the weather changed, there were two air conditioners to cool the place down.  While there, we enjoyed early morning walks in Central Park, breakfast at the Central Park Boat House which was a 15 minutes walk from the apartment.  We were there for Christmas, as were so many other people.  When we went down to Time Square there were a lot of people, so when we returned to our neighborhood we appreciated the peace and quiet.  I look forward to returning to NYC and Charlies apartment.  This has been my longest stay at an AIRBNB place, and it was totally worth it.  Laundry in the building was very convenient.  The place was clean and comfortable, which made our trip that much better.   Nice apartment, near the subway. Charlie was not there but He left the keys with a friend. Everything was Ok! Charlie was my first airbnb experience and even we didnt meet personally, everything worked very well. It was well organized by Charlie with his friend. The Appartement is very nice, good located and clean. So I highly recommand Charlie and all I can say is Thank you so much for everything! We stayed for 5 days in Charlies apartment in January 2013. Excellent location near Central Park and near subway stations. The apartment was clean, warm and comfortable. Good bath/shower; Excellent bed! We can really recommend this apartment.  The apartment is very nice and quiet, just as described. Location is great. Charlie was away during our stay, but his friend Bob took care of everything. When there was a minor problem with the heater, they took care of it right away. We would definitely recommend this place.  The reservation was canceled 105 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Charlie was wonderful.  I think if we lived close enough to see each other regularly, I would love to have him as a personal friend.  There was not a single thing that went wrong or could have been improved. As a first time user of Airbnb I was impressed with how well it all worked. Charlie was very helpful, friendly and accommodating.  The apartment was as advertised and had what we needed.  Convenient location on a quiet street. 1/2 block from Central Park, 1 block from subway.  I would certainly recommend Charlie and this location. Charlie was a wonderful host. He was very accommodating (even changed his schedule when I was later than expected and helped us carry in our ridiculously heavy bags). His place is just as pictured, very clean and comfortable. The location is fantastic - quick walk from subways, Central Park, restaurants and more. I would definitely stay at Charlies again. Excellent experience, excellent host! Lappartement de Charlies était parfait pour notre séjour à NYC. Vraiment très très proche de central park et du métro. La plupart des musées (MET, Guggenheim, muséum dhistoire naturel) sont accessibles à pied en longeant ou traversant Central Park. Charlies à été très accueillant avec nous. Ce fut un plaisir.  Charlie was a great host, he was so helpful with information about places to go and things to do and see around NYC. He showed us where we could print out some documents (he does have a printer in the apartment, however I could not connect my iPad to it).  We stayed at Charlies for 2 weeks and were very comfortable in his apartment, there was plenty of room for all our luggage (we had 4 large suitcases) and we could still walk around inside easily. There is an air conditioner which we didnt really need to use and also a large fan.  The apartment was the perfect place to come back to after long days exploring the city, best location and room to spread out and relax.  We would definitely stay at Charlies place again. Thank you so much for everything Charlie!!! Charlie was a welcoming, well-organized host.  He provided us with a written summary of important details related to the apartment, and went above and beyond, describing nearby grocery stores, laundromats, et cetera.  The apartment was exactly as listed.  Cleanliness? Immaculate.  This is a terrific location very close to Central Park, and in a quiet neighbourhood, which makes sleeping no problem at all. Very nice interactions with Charlie and the friends he asked to assist us while he was out of town. Really welcoming and pleasant.    Place as described. Great & easy communication with Charlie, always responded promptly to answer any questions. Location was great, close to everything, easy transport & places to eat. Charlie left tips on things to do! Had a great time!  Charlies place is roomy and in a super location. Even though he was out of town, he was prompt with all his communication. His friend Bob was there to open the place, hand off the keys and answer any questions. We had a great four-day stay and loved the convenience to the neighborhood, the park and multiple subway lines. Would stay again when we return to the city.  Charlie was a great host, very organized and detailed which made the entire process very smooth.  The apartment is in a perfect location and is ideal for a short or extended stay.  Definitely would stay there again! We had a pleasant stay at Charlies! The apartment is spacious,bright and clean. The location is Perfect, just a 2min walk from the metro station and near to one of central park entrances. Also the neighborhood and the apartement are very quiet which is perfect after a day in manhattan to have a rest. Chalie was very nice. We had some problems with the wifi and we couldnt tell him the exact time of arrival but he waited for us very kindly.he gave us maps and useful tips to visit the city. Were very happy with this experience. Thanks Charlie! Charlies house is very good destination , near of the central park and times square. House is very cute and comfortable.  It was good experience for us and hope to see you again :)  Charlie was an excellent host!  I cannot stress enough what a value his place is.  The location was perfect and Charlie was very helpful, courteous and his place was perfect for my needs.  If youre planning a trip to Manhattan and want to stay in a central location, this is the place to be! My time at the ""Near Central Park (studio apt)"" was great. Charlie was very friendly and let me in when I arrived from the Airport. He showed me everything and afterwards we had a coffee in nice Cafe close by. Also he showed me some nice places in the Central Park and recommended several others in New York. The apartment was clean and exactly like in the pictures. For such a central location in the middle of Manhattan, the street was quiet during the night and I could sleep very well. There is also a nice Café 5 Minutes away in Central Park where I used to have my breakfast and enjoyed the start of the day. The next subway station is also 5 Minutes away.   In total, I had a very good time in New York and I would come back to Charlies place whenever possible.    The place is perfect even if you are going with your baby! Everything works perfect and Charlie is super helpful. I did use the app because Charlies reviews are great, so it make me feel confident. Please mark this place as one of your options! ;) It has been such a pleasure staying at Charlies apartment. Amazing location , everything i needed was readily available. . And Charlie has been very easy to communicate with.  Definitely i would pick his place if i intend to visit again.  My host met me at the apartment and answered my many questions about the apartment and the neighborhood. He was very gracious and knowledgeable. He also check back during my stay to make sure everything was going well. The apartment description and pictures were very accurate.   Charlie was very hospitable and kind.  The Apartment was spotless and Very comfortable!  Great neighborhood, a stones throw from Central Park, quiet and clean.  Cant say anything but Great things about Charlie and his Apartment!  5 stars, Highly Recommended! L appartamento e fantastico e situato in un ottima posizione! A due passi da central park e vicino a due linee della metro! Inoltre la zona è molto tranquilla sia di giorno che di notte ed è facile trovare qualsiasi cosa di cui si ha bisogno (ristoranti supermark..) l appartamento è come lo vedete nelle foto e l abbiamo trovato molto pulito!!  Charlie inoltre è una persona molto disponibile e gentile!! Charlies place was perfect for our New York adventure. Very close to Central Park and the Natural History Museum, as well as easy access to several subway lines. The walk from the apartment to Time Square is also nice (if you not I the mood for the train) and takes 20-30 minutes. We arrived later in the evening and Charlie was happy to meet us when we got there.  He showed us around the flat and left us a detailed ""how to"" pamphlet that answered all our questions about the place including Wifi login information (wifi was lightning fast).  Most important: the place was very clean and the neighbourhood very safe.  We were quite comfortable wandering the streets at all hours of the night. Charlie got us situated and gave us a good tour of the surrounding neighbourhood. He showed us shops, restaurants, and the market and also recommended a few non-touristy place to visit (be sure to take notes...he has a lot of info to pass on, lol) All in all we couldnt be happier with our experience.   Thanks Charlie! This is a great place to stay. It is kept very clean & that meant a lot to us. Charlie is a terrific host & will try to get any info you may need for a fabulous trip! You cant get any closer to Central Park with an entrance just a few steps away from the front door. This area of town will spoil you. You will want to go back again & again. Thanks from cousin Cindy    Amazing experience the Aprt as same as the picture.  Close to Central Park , metro station, bus station as well.   The  neighborhood is safe and everything close by such as restaurant , Laundry, bars and supermarket.    The owner is very flexible and make our stay amazing.   Thanks for everything  The flat is near central park. This flat is beautiful, we had all we needed inside.  This 69th street is very nice and quiet.  Charlie is a nice guy and  he was arranging with the time of departure and arrival.  My advice: do not hesitate to rent this apartment.   My wife and I spent a week at Charlies apartment on the upper west side.  The apartment is a wonderful large studio, with a nice compact kitchen, and a fine bathroom.  It was immaculately clean and has three big windows looking out on a tree-lined quiet street.  Even better, it is located steps away from Central Park and near many lovely restaurants.  Dealing with Charlie was a delight.  He was there when we arrived, showed us around the apartment, and then showed us around the neighborhood.  All in all, the apartment and Charlie exceeded our expectations. Charlie è stato accogliente e ci aspettato nonostante fossimo in ritardo sullìappuntamento. Lappartamento corrisponde esattamente a quanto descritto dallannuncio e illustrato dalle foto. Il quartiere? Tranquillo, a due passi da Central Park e dalla fermata della metropolitana, vicinissimo anche al centro. Cosa volere di più? Tutto bellissimo, vacanza stupenda.   The apartment was charming and as pictured. Lovely neighborhood, steps from the park and every conveniences.  We were met promptly at our arrival to receive the key and tour the apartment and Charlie was only a phone call away should we had any questions. A wonderful experience and a wonderful trip! Highly recommended. Die Nähe zum Central Park und zu den öffentlichen Verkehrsmitteln U-Bahn Richtung Downtown).    Charlie ist sehr freundlich, hilfsbereit  und unkompliziert.     Die Wohnung könnte etwas besser ausgestattet sein (bspw Geschirr). Ist alles etwas alt / gebraucht, aber funktional und insofern für einen stressfreien Aufenthalt auch angemessen.     Ab 6 Uhr morgens und wenn größere Kraftwagen durch die Straße fahren, hört man schon den Verkehr. Insofern ist es für absolut ruhebedürftige, die auch noch mit der Zeitumstellung kämpfen, möglicherweise etwas laut.    The host canceled this reservation 137 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Charlie was  very welcoming even though we were a late arrival.  He even took the time to show us around the neighbourhood.  Full marks !! The apartment was wonderful with everything that we needed. Its exactly as in the pictures and the neighborhood was very nice. It is only 50 metres away from Central Park and one block to the subway station. Charlie was very kind, nice and helpfull. He received us at our arrival and helped us to reach the airport when we leaved. It couldnt be better than this. Five stars and absolutely recommended. Thank you Charlie sest montré très arrangeant pour que nous puissions déposer et reprendre nos valises en dehors des heures ""normales Airbnb. Très familial, très amical.   Le studio est assez grand, très propre et très agréable. Beaucoup de place pour ranger nos affaires, cuisine et salle de bains très fonctionnelles.   Joli quartier, bien desservi par le métro tout près et distance à pied des musées et de la 5eme avenue.   Nous avons été enchantés   Charlie is a lovely person, who greeted and devoted his time to introduce us and showed us the details around (about where to buy supplies, as well as tips and tours). His apartment was perfect for us (and well equipped); even he made an extra set of keys, to give us greater independence. So great!... A pleasure to meet people like him.  Charlie met me at the apartment and even carried my suitcase upstairs. He is a delightful host, was quick to respond to my emails, and helped orient me to the neighbourhood and important things like coffee shop, delicious Japanese/Chinese restaurant, grocery store and metro stops.  The studio is comfortable, clean and quiet, and the location couldnt be better. Central Park literally three houses away, and Columbus Circle an easy 15 min walk.  Thanks, Charlie, for letting me use your space. I had an awesome time!! I recently stay at this lovely studio apartment in Central Park. The experience of living like a local was incredible. Charlie is one of the best hosts I have ever had! He was prompt to reply to every email and every question I had regarding my stay. He waited for us and showed us around the neighborhood and was extremely gracious. The apartment is exactly as the pictures and had everything I needed for my stay. The location couldnt be better. Right next to Central Park and the upper west side with so many restaurants, markets, bars, laundry, movie theater, Lincoln Center. You are in the middle of everything exciting. Would definitively recommend and return whenever I come back to New York. Thanks Charlie Great location and good place at a reasonable rate! This place was perfect!  The accommodations were just as described - clean and comfortable.  You cant beat the location.  Charlie accommodated our late arrival and checked in on us.  We would definitely stay here again.   I felt very fortunate to have snagged the July 4th weekend at this truly great studio. Its very spacious, bright, quiet, comfy temperpaedic type bed, excellent shower, great AC, beautiful building and street, literally steps from Central Park. A very nice desk space by the window to work; terrific wifi. Charlie is an interesting and perfect host. Immediately responsive, thoughtful, kind and helpful. Lots of great books in the bookcases, you sense that Charlie is learned and accomplished in his field, has lots of great ideas, a major marathoner athlete, but very humble nonetheless. This place is exactly as described: minimalist, clean, convenient -- no surprises. Perhaps I benefitted from a weekend where many were gone, but the street was super quiet (unless you object to birdsong), taxis easily accessible, and restaurants, shops and famous bakeries ready to greet you at the other end of the block on Columbus.  You cant go wrong with Charlie or his friendly, open space. It would be my ""go to"" if he rented it more often. So if you have a chance, dont hesitate. I just may beat you to it!! Thank you, Charlie, for an excellent stay. Charlie was very helpful. He seems like a very nice guy and his place was exactly as shown. Eric and Maeve Charlie was a gracious host.  We were a little late in arriving and he flexed to accommodate us.  The location really is fantastic.  1 block from subway and steps from Central Park.  I hope that others get to enjoy his wonderful studio apartment.   Charlie is a great guy.  The place was exactly as described.  The location is very good, especially for morning runs in the park.  B&C subway station within 2 minutes walk.  Will surely come back.  Charlie nous a très bien accueilli. Il nous a même facilité notre départ, en nous laissant partir beaucoup plus tard de lappartement.  Le studio est très propre et spacieux.  Le logement est un studio typiquement new-yorkais, et très bien situé à 30 secondes à pied de Central Park. On est donc en plein centre de New-York. Flexible, easy, and a beautiful apartment in an amazing spot. Would definitely stay there again Charlie communicated early and often. In fact, he met us on the steps of his apartment building; he also communicated with us toward the end of our stay about how to best close up his apartment. Charlies studio is ideally located--very near Central Park, near the 72nd Street subway entrance, near two CitiBike stations, near two great coffee spots, not too far from Fairway Market or Trader Joes, and an easy bike ride to the Hudson River Greenway or Times Square.  I definitely recommend his apartment for your stay in NYC. The apartment is cozier than the pictures show. It has everything you need and Charlie was easy to get ahold of, knowledgable of the area, and overall a wonderful host. We couldnt have been happier :) Also, the bed was comfortable, location was walking distance to everything, roads were quiet for NYC at night, neighbourhood was beautiful and clean. Jusy awesome! Great location, very authentic place Ottimo ed economico per la centralità dellappartamento! A pochi passi da Central Park e pochi minuti da Hells Kitchen e Metro! Quartiere residenziale e tranquillo! Appartamento provvisto di tutto we liked very much the location, street, neighborhood and closeness to central park, the subways, Lincoln Center and the upper west side restaurants. The host canceled this reservation 98 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Charlies place is as good as it was described.  I just find it dark with a very few lights available, but thats fine.  Its very spacious for 2-3 pax.   Its in a quiet neighborhood, very near Central Park. In a few blocks, it will get you to the 72nd station and Boulevard Avenue where establishments are found.  Hes also a great host, very accommodating and replies immediately.  Despite being out of town during our stay, he made sure Amanda, his friend, provided us smooth check in and out. :)  He also provided bath towels; something that travelers like us would need.  For a male host, having a hair dryer is such a plus.   Thank you, Charlie for letting us use your space. It made our stay so easy and cozy. :)  Just the place you need to visit NY!!! Great location, only a 2 min walk from Central Park. The whole building was kept at a great temperature and the apartment is a decent size, bigger than I expected. Charlie and I never met but he was a great host and made sure someone was there to let me in and I got to enjoy his Apartment for our time in New York We had a thoroughly enjoyable stay at Charlies. The apartment was exactly what we were looking for. Excellent location with the 72nd Street subway just around the corner. I would definitely stay here again if visiting NYC Everything was great. The apartment is in a fantastic location with easy access to everything you could want. The apartment itself is lovey and relatively quiet for New York. This was a great place for us. It is very close to Central Park and we could easily walk to the Metropolitan Museum, the Frick collection, the Museum of Natural History, Lincoln Center and a whole lot of restaurants. The apartment is a studio that was big enough and had everything we needed. Dont expect elegance. It reminds me of a bachelors pad, but it is comfortable and at a very good price. The neighborhood is quiet and very safe. Charlie is extremely accommodating and friendly. My wife and I would be happy to stay there again on our next cultural trip to New York. Great place. Fabulous location.  Location was absolutely excellent and we loved the whole feel of the place. Also loved the heating given it was sub zero temperatures when we went there. Would def stay again"	1
214	"Julia was a great host. It was difficult finding a place that would be willing to accommodate children. I was traveling with a one year old and Julias home was perfect. We stayed on the third floor, with a small kitchen and restroom. We had access to the whole third floor. The romm  in which we stayed in was a good size. Julia and her tenant on the third floor were so sweet.Julia offered us umbrellas for the rain and made sure that our saty was as cozy and warm for the little one  as possible since it had been snowing heavily.  The neighborhood itself was conveniently close to the subway lines, grocery stores, cafes and night life places such as lounges and what not. Everyone I met in this neighborhood were extremely nice and welcoming, suggesting their favorite local spots. Kind hosts, little further from the city than expected but overall excellent for the price! Street parking is a little scarce, but at least its not metered. Read the parking signs yourself rather than trusting anyone else to interpret them for you. Street cleaning from 8AM to 10AM on some days, on alternate sides of the street means you just need to move to the other side of the road to avoid a ticket. This also means if you arrive just after 10AM then the parking should be available still. The accommodations are multiple bedrooms in a large, 3 story house. We stayed when there was only one other family there. With only 2 bathrooms it could get pretty busy there! Contrary to other reviews, we were given towels. If your room has a TV and you plan on watching it then have the host turn it on and show you how to use it! This is a reflection of the local cable company remote being the most unintuitive device ever made. This is a budget hostel with private rooms. If you think youre buying something else then keep looking. We stayed for 3 nights while taking daily bicycle tours into Manhattan. For this, it is perfectly located. By bicycle you must take the Williamsburg bridge (it is made for bikes and pedestrians with separate sides!). Whereas the Brooklyn Bridge is ok too, but very crowded with pedestrians wandering into the bike lanes. Visit ""Central Station"" for dinner and a beer (nice patio in the back). Excelentes y atentos anfitriones Hosts were super friendly. Place was decently clean. Good choice for the price! Bring your own linen. The place is near the subway!! Close to line J and M that goes straight to Manhattan. It takes around to 20 min to get to Times Square. There are some grocery shops around the house but it is difficult to get to Target or Walmart by train (there are Walmarts only in New Jersey and to get to Target you will have to take another subway line). Julio and her wife were very kind, helpful and trustable. Me and my friends ordered a lot of things from (Website hidden by Airbnb) (including an expensive laptop) and I delivered to them before I get to the house. They stored my goods with no problem and when I got home they were handed to me. It is safe to deliver stuff even though you are not home. The room was huge, with AC, 2 queen beds and 2 sofas. It is simple but matches the price. Good for short stay (around 4~5 days).  Good place of you travel on andres economic budget and are not looking for a fancy accommodation,  Ideal for friend or families and close to public transportation Julios place was close to a metro station which was helpful in checking in from JFK airport. Do note that the place has three levels and is mostly full of Travellers so the toilets are usually occupied. Kitchen was a little humid after cooking especially without much ventilation.   Julios Mom was very nice and kind to help us with any questions we had and offered some places to check out in the vicinity. However, there was additional taxes to be collected that wasnt reflected on the Airbnb portal so just take note!   All in all, we had a nice stay. :) thanks for the house! Cheers 6명이 사용 할 수 있다고해서 예약했는데 어른두명 아이4명이 사용했어요 6명이 사용하긴 많이 좁아요 지하철역에선 8분정도 걸리구요 동네가 조금 무서웠어요 아이들 데리고 밤늦게 들어갈때 긴장되더라구요 4일 지냈는데 수건 6장 주셔서 4일동안 6명이서 수건 빨아가면서 사용 했어요 주방 사용하기 편하긴 했으니 냄비가 아주 오래된? 느낌이었어요  Awesome value for family to see NYC. Very short walk to Metro. Small markets liitterly on every corner. Laundrymat couple of blocks away. Room was very comfortable with patio   . Shared BR was no big deal, we never had to wait to use. Owners were very friendly  I was a disappointed by the place. The host makes an additional charge of 38 dollars, which has to pay in cash. The room is small and the bathroom should be shared with the people living there. The room is on a third floor, so moving the luggage is difficult.  Also, the neighborhood is dangerous and dirty, even a neighbor advised us not to use the subway at night. However, the subway station and several stores is close to the house.  Easy access to transportation around Brooklyn and into the city. Clean home and spacious rooms. All you need in a budget friendly stay.    Chambre privée relativement propre et calme pour des courts séjours. Le metro Le plus proche de situe à 7 minutes à pied. Et 30 Minutes de Manhattan en metro. Communication très compliqué avec lhôte ( qui dailleurs nest pas sur place). On avait convenu avec lui darriver à 4pm, puis on reçoit un message 2 jours avant ""6pm?"". On accepte pour pas que cela soit plus compliqué. Mais arrivé devant la porte, personne! On sonne,personne... Obligé dutiliser mon cellulaire pour contacter la personne( donc des frais en plus), et la, surprise, ce nest pas julio mais une femme très froide, ne se présente pas, ne dit pas bonjour,et me dit ""ring the bell"" alors que ça fait déjà 10min que je sonne, tape à la porte, et que je viens de lui dire quil ny a personne... Je lui demande donc de trouver une solution. Et la elle me raccroche au nez... OK why not.. Je me dit quelle appelle donc quelquun. Pas de nouvelles pendant 15 min, je dois moi même la rappeler , pour quelle me dise que quelquun arrive à 8pm, il est 6:30pm... 1h30 plus tard quelquun arrive , ne parle pas anglais...nous ouvre la porte , et on découvre un immeuble miteux, ou il y a en fait plusieurs chambres qui sont loués pour de pauvres gens( ou est le coté chambre chez lhabitant?). julio est un marchand de sommeil qui loge ses locataires dans de la merde en fin de compte. La chambre était désuète, pas du tout représentative de lannonce,une chance que les draps soient propres! la salle de bain couverte de moisissures et des cafards qui nous accueille limite mieux que notre hôte! Je texte mon hôte pour lui dire que lon a réussi à rentrer. Et là, la femme me répond rapidement, faut payer la taxe! Quand il sagit dargent là on est réactif bizarrement ! Tu ma volé  2h de mon temps, et manqué de respect, donc ta taxe tu peux bien te la garder. Mr le voleur je ne vous salue pas. Good Julios place was a good base for exploring Brooklyn, as most nightlife and eateries are within walking distance. Close to public transport which makes getting to manhattan easy. No blankets which wasnt an issue as we had sleeping bags but something to consider if youre traveling light. Also no towels. Everything was clean. Julio was very responsive and communication was usually easy. Place was clean and cozy. Location is good, close to subway. The host was very helpful. Highly recommended ! Buena ubicación"	0
215	Nice guy. Nice location. Good value Nice place to stay clean close to city and subway. I will NOT stay there again and will not recomended. I ended leaving so desperate and renting something way more expensive and still waiting for my refund. Have pics to proof how bad was. This place was such a blessing to me that I stayed a second night because of the amazing price. Ron was a great host and extremely hospitable. It was a blessing to stay there and it was clean and cozy. Also the location is great. I Couldnt have found a better place! Ron is a really responsive host. If you like to have a communication with a host or other guests, he’s the one. Ron is a very responsible host, and very convenience location. I had a great experience. The place is close to the subway, well maintained and Ron is a great host. Location is great right near bus and trains.  Ron was very helpful with directing me to transport and even picked me up at airport when i arrived and returning me very early to airport when i left.	0
216	The place was convenient and central to shops, food, and the subway!     This definitely was a better option than staying at a hotel in NYC, more spacious!     The check in process was relatively simple from what Ive been told. I arrived later and one of my friends checked us in.       Listing was very accurate. Very clean. Excellent location. This place is perfect for a small group.  Host was great. Communication was great. Easy to find. It was just loud at night...starting around 10-11pm and going into the morning. This apartment was amazing. We had lots of room and the location was very central with easy access to many of New Yorks attractions and transits. We loved it. Thanks for having us.  The place was as it shows in the photos. Large living and dining area and 3 large bedrooms that happily slept 4 Adults and 3 children.  The area felt safe and easy walking distance to most of the attractions, shops and restaurants. As the surrounding buildings was being renovated, there was a lot of noise in the day time, but as we were out most of the day time I guess that didnt matter. The bin men woke us up every time they came. The host was very responsive and helpful and we met someone there at the flat to let us in and helped us with all the bags to the 2nd floor. There are a lot of stairs to climb. The guy that let us in was very helpful and explained everything well. We could have done with a washing machine but was told we could use it. Local laundry lost a few of our items. Even though the place cost us more than we wanted to spend, over all we felt safe in the flat and the area was safe to walk around late at night too. We all had a great time and may do it again in a few years time. Thank you E.C. Fue una buena estadía en NY. Una ubicacion central con retoranes cerca Everything was ask described. Great experience. Would come back.  Very practical house, very centralized and near everything.  Marlon was nice and helpful.  I know its NYC, but still I found the house very expensive for what it was, especially without a washing machine and a bathroom that needs serious redecorating.  But such is life in New York City... La descripción de la propiedad fue totalmente real. incluso la realidad fue mejor que la descripción. Super comodo y espacioso. Eramos 4 adultos y había lugar de sobra.   EL barrio es inmejorable para un turista. No esta en una zona hiper turistica que moleste. A 3 cuadras del exclusivo Gramercy Park, a 2 cdas del Flatiron y Shake JAck. A 5 cuadras de Chelsea.  El encargado MArlon fue super amable, casi ni lo tuvimos que molestar pero las 2 necesidades que se nos plantearon fueron resueltas instantaneamente y con excelente predisposición. Volvería sin dudarlo. We were able to come drop off our bags before check in time so we didnt have to walk around the city with them. This place is very central and the description is a good one of the property. The host was easily reachable and the apartment had clean linen and towels. The shower was nice and the kitchen had most things we needed. The living room was a nice size for us all. However, as we had 7 people staying and it was a tight squeeze for sleeping with one of us in the front room sleeping next to the one toilet. There was also building works being completed every morning. Whilst this cant be helped, it would have been nice to be told as we had broken sleep every night. I think it was a little pricey for what we got although it was New Years so I understand the prices are high during this period. Cool place to stay, one bedroom does not have windows so there is a chance you might over sleep. Great communication to ensure our needs were met (we needed 6 separate beds made up) and they stayed on the phone with me the whole way until I was in the place with both sets of keys. Good place, all was as described and it allowed us to have a very easy and great time.  Great apartment . Really spacious and open, with plenty of space for everyone to sleep. Host was incredibly welcoming and friendly; we had a great time in NYC!  The location is great. Good service. Clean and silent apartment.   No se cumplen todos los requisitos para habitar un apartamento para ir con niños puesto que no se puede cocinar ya que saltan los detectores de humos al no tener extracción de ningún tipo. Los sistemas de calefacción no funcionan por lo tanto si hace frío habría que tener precaución. La limpieza no es muy buena aun cobrando aparte 250$. Una cosa buena es la atención proporcionada por Brandon, la persona que se encarga del checkin. We had a good stay at the apartment. The place is rather spacious for NYC, although its quite dark inside and the lights arent bright enough.  The beds are quite squeaky, although this didnt really bother us, because outside they were scraping off the tarmac and laying down new asphalt exactly those days we were there. And to minimise impact on traffic, they prefer to do this at night. So while even being tired from jetlag, we hardly slept. Bad luck I guess... Location is perfect! Metro is close by and its easy to travel up or downtown.  A lovely quiet appartment with plenty of space for our group of six.  We coped with one toilet/shower room for four nights but  maybe not for a longer stay.    Two wonderful restaurants on either side of the street entrance.   A strenuous climb  (no lift) to the fourth floor which for us was good excercise but might be a bit much for less fit guests.   Good value for money.   Wed recommend this place to freinds.    Great location, close to the flat iron building! We never met the host because our flight was late and the host couldnt wait for us. We still had to pay the late arrival fee so that was a bit disappointing. Otherwise, we had a great stay!  This location was literally amazing. Anyone who says otherwise just isnt looking around an allowing them-self the opportunity to explore.   Amazing food, Trader Joes, 24 hour real deal NY pizza, smoothie and raw juice press, EATALY, Bounce Sporting Bar and Club literally a hop away down, It was a great building, easy transition into the room with the host.  Hot water stayed hot... very hot.   All around amazing I am planning to return with family in the fall   Great location  Très belle situation pour cet appartement, probablement la seul chose positive. Appartement extrêmement bruyant , triste , mobilier vieillissant, mauvaise literie, porte de four cassée, grille pain inutilisable , fuite deau permanente du compartiment glaçons, serviettes de toilette déchirée et usée , Escalier accès appartement digne de futur montagnard .Rapport qualifié /prix médiocre. This apartment should not be on Airbnb. The beds are so creaky no-one could sleep at night. The windows dont lock so it feels incredibly unsafe. There was construction right by building but we werent informed, there are also dangerous stairs (4 stories) leading to the apartment. We lasted less than 12 hours, were made to pay ridiculous cash fees for cleaning (on top of what is demanded in the listing) and for late check in. Charles was great and extremely easy to reach. The apartment was spacious, clean, and convenient. Definitely recommend! x Great apartment Great location, spacecious 3 bedroom apartment with large living room and dining area.  Space was perfect for our company of 6, though the single bathroom was a bit of a problem.  While we were staying in the apartment there was a heavy construction going on on the street below and in next door building (which is common in NYC) during week nights, so if you are sensitive to noise, you should check with host about it. Great apartment in a great spot. Super central to so many things to see, do & eat/drink. The stairs are steep, so a heavy suitcase can be tricky, but lets face it - youre only doing that twice - once in, once out.   The space is worth the effort. Large main area to relax in after checking out what NYC has to offer. We had a terrific experience in this unit!  It is a walk-up, so be prepared to climb stairs.  Wonderfully convenient to the Broadway (yellow) and 6th Avenue (orange) subway lines.  It was an easy subway ride for us to the WTC, Herald Square, Times Square, Lincoln Center, and Rockefeller Center.  We bought 7-day unlimited MetroCards and didnt need a taxi or an Uber the entire week.  The 7th Ave, 8th Ave, and Lexington Ave lines are a bit farther away, but still a reasonable walk.  Trader Joes, Duane Reade, and 7-11 are all within an easy walk, and Starbucks is right across the street.  Great pizza is a short walk away at 6th Ave & 22nd St (Little Italy Pizza).  There are other restaurants along 6th Ave as well.  There are also some restaurants right there on the block, but we did not get a chance to try them.  There is also a parking garage right there on the block.  We brought non-perishable groceries with us, and bought the perishables at Trader Joes.  The kitchen is fully equipped and easy to cook in.  The bedrooms face the street, so be prepared for city noise--you will hear the traffic going by at night.  Thats not the fault of the unit; its just a reality of city life.  We would definitely stay in this unit again if it is available on a future trip.	0
217	Awesome place, close to everything, theaters, TImes Square, restaurants. Joyce and Peter were awesome hosts, great communication the whole stay. We highly recommend this property and would definitely stay here again. Thanks again Joyce and Peter! Joyces place is awesome. I highly recommend.  Joyce’s place was exactly as described, if not better! Check-in was made easy by a friend of hers waiting in front of the apartment building for my arrival to hand me the keys. The apartment is conveniently located on 8th avenue right on the border of Hell’s Kitchen, walkable to so many different nice restaurants and attractions including MoMA and Times Square. There is a subway station right on the corner and it is very easy to hail a taxi from 8th avenue.    The bed is extremely comfortable and the spacious bathroom makes getting ready to go out easy. I have nothing negative to say about my stay at Joyce & Peter’s apartment and if it is available during my next trip to NYC, it’s where I plan to stay. This apartment was great!  It is the perfect Midtown location.  We walked everywhere.  It is truly quiet.  Communication with Joyce was terrific.  She was always available to answer any questions. This place is everything it promises and more. It is extremely clean and very quiet as others mention. It is large for a NYC apartment and it is modern with an updated kitchen and bathroom (which is huge). Joyce was extremely easy to work with and responsive. The location is fabulous. Definitely recommend! Great location, sleeps 3 comfortably, stylish. Nice kitchen, host very quick to respond and very accommodating. Joyce is an amazing host. Apartment is exactly how described and the location was perfect. We went for the Thanksgiving Day parade and was able to easily walk two blocks over to have front row spots for the parade. Close to restaurants, Starbucks, Rite Aid, Walgreens and Time Square. Great host and location! Very responsive and thoughtful. Definitely would recommend this to anyone. I would stay there again for future trips. I can not speak enough on the location of this apartment! Right in the center of the city, most attractions were a short walk away or a quick trip on the subway. Clean and well decorated. I was amazed at how quiet the place was considering it was on a busy street! I would highly recommend this place and would most definitely stay here again! Joyce was so friendly and responsive to texts!	1
218	Great Host, place and close to subway:) I loved my stay at Lias. The room was bright and clean and her place is in the middle of everything. Hop on the train and youre in downtown Brooklyn in less than 10 minutes and in Manhattan in 20. Theres a plethora of food choices in the area and a really great bodega on the corner thats open super late. There wasnt much interaction with the other residents of the apartment but they were nice enough.  I wont hesitate to stay again! Lias room was like a little oasis in Brooklyn. It was neat, clean and had positive vibes.  The bed was very comfortable and I slept well.  I like that there was a window in the room that let in cool breezes from the tree in the backyard. There are roommates, but they were helpful and courteous and you definitely get your privacy.  The subway is literally a 2 minute walk which was very convenient, esp. because the neighborhood can be a little intimidating.  Lia was a sweetheart and communicated very well before, during and after my trip.  I believe she went above and beyond to make sure I had a good experience. Lias room is really convenient for traveler who are seeking for short term place to rest during trip or house hunting. Its super close to C train and theres a lot of good cafe around. The host canceled this reservation 3 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	1
219	"Great apartment! Ken was really welcoming, showed us around and provided a bottle of prosecco and chocolates which were very well received. The apartment is lovely, modern, clean and in a wonderful neighbourhood. Highly recommend. Thank you Ken for a wonderful stay.  Ken was great and the place is amazing. Tough to find something in Brooklyn that is new and spacious! No complaints. Loved the place. A family lives above so you do hear he normals of apartment living with someone that has wood floors above you. Thank you so much Ken it was really nice to enjoy NYC on a quite street and a well accommodating apartment. This place was also perfect for walking to great options for dinner coffee and markets. I bought and cooked breakfast sausage from brooklyns oldest butcher on Smith. Also easy access to queens/Williamsburg via the G and Manhattan via the A C subway lines. Enjoy!  Very nice apartment in a very good area. We enjoyed a lot the neighbourhood, and it is very easy to get in Manhattan with two metro lines. Ken was super easy to comunicate with ... and very helpfull for every requests I got. Super happy we wont forget this stay in a very easy and beautiful Brooklyn. Thanks Ken  We (myself, my husband and our 10 year old daughter) just had a lovely 5 day stay at Kens apartment. Its beautifully clean and new and very well equipped. Easy ground floor access, no steps- great for getting bags in and out. Ken was a very helpful and accommodating host. I thoroughly recommend staying there!  This is an absolutely great place to stay in NY.  The apartment is beatifull, cozy, very modern, comfortable and full equipedd for 4 people, just like is shown in the pictures. The neighborhood is lovely, close enought to everything (subway, citybikes, stores, restaurants) and very safe, wich was very important to us cause i traveled with my two little siblings.  Ken was very helpful and easy to comunicate with, his suggestions about where to eat and shop made our stay easier. I totally recomend this place and I definitely going to stay here if i come back to this city. Thanks you so much for everything!  We loved the apartment, it was exactly what we wanted and is in a great spot, close to so many places we loved going to - for food, drinks, shopping and hanging out. Thank you so much Ken!  Ken provided all of the necessary information for access to the apartment in a timely and professional manner. The apartment was exactly as we expected from the pictures and the neighborhood is quite. We arrived later than planned and Ken checked in with us – nice. While our stay was short, this space had everything we needed and was very comfortable. We only noticed the upstairs family noises in the mornings; nothing bad just the normal getting the day started kind of stuff. This was our first experience with ABnB, thanks Ken for a great first experience. We will be back. Beautiful and spacious very modern. The apartment was spotless we got there and can was it wonderful and very communicative host Ken was an awesome house. His apartment is comfy, well thought out, and well appointed. Checkin was some of the easiest Ive ever experienced through AirBnB. I definitely would stay here again! Our stay at Kens apartment was a joy! Very clean and great location. Would definitely book again when I return to Brooklyn :D Nous avons passé un excellent séjour. Lappartement est conforme en tout point à la description et aux photos. Cétait très confortable et bien équipé : sèche-cheveux, produits de toilette, lave-linge et sèche-linge, produits dentretien pour la cuisine, four, micro-onde, plaques de gaz, grand réfrigérateur-congélateur, mixer, machine à café... il ne manquait que laspirateur. Le quartier est très sympa et sûr à 5-10 minutes du métro  (Bergen et Caroll) et des restaurants, épiceries de quartier... Ken a été serviable et a imprimé gracieusement les tickets que nous avions réservés sur Internet pour le match de basket et que nous navions reçus par mail que 2 jours avant le match pendant que nous étions déjà à NYC. Il nous a également gardé nos bagages jusquà notre départ pour laéroport, ce qui nous a permis de faire encore quelques visites le jour du départ. Le seul regret, cest laccueil un peu froid de notre hôte  qui a répondu techniquement à toutes nos attentes mais sans aucune chaleur, sans aucune envie de savoir qui nous étions ni de nous faire partager son expérience de sa ville et son pays... Quand nous visitons un pays, nous aimons aussi rencontrer ses habitants et apprendre à les connaître... Very nice and modern apartment. Location is great, lots of shops and restaurants in the area.  Would definitely recommend. This is a great place to stay in the Cobble Hill area. It is within walking distance to many shops and restaurants & close to subway access. The apartment is clean with a great kitchen. The owners are very friendly and helpful.  Very nice apartment, very nice and responsive hosts. Location was great, and the apartment is super child-friendly. Would definitely recommend. The location and host were awesome. Really close to bars and restaurants in the area. Plus the area was great!   If you are a light sleeper, this apartment is not for you. Very thin ceiling and you can hear every creek or movement from the upstairs. We were woken up at 6am by running and banging.   Otherwise an awesome place! Great space and very homey.   Great location and very convenient to restautants, shops, and subway.  Best of all, great host.  Ken was very responsive to our needs. Incredibly clean, convenient, modern, comfortable!!  Highly recommend it.  Great location and nice modern unit.  Quite hood centrally located.  Not a super restful stay though, but who is looking for restful in NY.  Brooklyn is super hot and you will exterience it from this location. Very comfortable apartment in a great location. Ken was quick to respond to our questions and vey accommodating.   Ken was a wonderful host.  We loved our accommodations. Very comfortable, spacious and clean. (Be mindful that you can hear the family upstairs. Though they did offer earplugs in both bedrooms!) Quiet neighborhood and easy to get around by foot and close to subway.  Our check-in was seamless and Ken was very helpful offering many great suggestions for restaurants in the area! We especially loved his thoughtfulness of having several  umbrellas by the front door for us to use!  We also appreciated his kindness and care about our stay.  We had a wonderful time in New York and very grateful to have found an awesome place to stay.  Thank you for everything Ken! Très confortable appartement, très bien équipé et accueillant, dans un quartier calme de Brooklyn , proche des stations de métro et des commerces En cas de questions sur larrivée ou autre, Ken répond très vite par SMS Excellent séjour Amazing apartment in a great Brooklyn neighborhood. Lots of space + backyard! Great food nearby. Host is very responsive and helpful. Wonderful place, perfect for our stay. I wish everyone could live the life of people in this neighborhood.  Youll love it! This place is great and we can thoroughly recommend staying here. The location is perfect - very close to transport and some great restaurants and bars. Brooklyn is in general awesome! Ken was really helpful and very fast to communicate. We are looking forward to visiting again! The apartment was great! It felt like a true home. Ken provided everything we needed and was very nice. The neighbourhood is very cool, very well connected with many restaurants. My friend and I stayed here for about a week, and had a wonderful time! Ken was an excellent host and very helpful.  The apartment has been beautifully renovated and was spacious and comfortable. The neighborhood was fabulous as well and we really enjoyed exploring an area of Brooklyn that was new to us!   The only thing that would deter me from staying here again is the noise from upstairs. If you are one who likes to sleep past 6:30 or 7am, this might not be your place. Even with the provided earplugs, we found it impossible to sleep once the people and dog were up and moving around. If they decide to lay rugs down upstairs in the area over the bedrooms, that would probably help.  Ken was great about communicating and was happy to give suggestions for things to do nearby, location was fantastic!  This is an awesome apt. Its a block away from Smith, so its the best of both worlds - quiet street but close to great restaurants and bars, and def close to F/G.   Its also renovated with great taste. Kitchen was great. Bathroom really nice. Bedrooms in the back so its nice and quiet. And it has laundry machines ... niiiiiice.  Ken is really cool, laid back and accommodating. He has kids and this apt is kid friendly. Hell give you space but def makes himself available if you need anything.   Def will stay here again! Fantastic hosts and a fantastic apartment. Spotless, modern, fully equipped (even with coffee), super comfortable and on a beautiful, typical Brooklyn brownstone block close to awesome restaurants and shops. Nice 2 bedroom 1 bath apartment to stay while I worked and played in NYC.  Comfortable for 4 travelers.  Walkable to the subway, restaurants, and shopping areas.  Ken was a great host.  Always returned emails quickly and addressed any questions.  Definitely would return to stay on another trip.   Great apartment wonderfully equipped and comfortable . The area was great very close to transport good restaurants and bars. We fell in love with Brooklyn and will defiantly return . The outside space for an evening drink was an extra bonus .Ken was a super host  replying quickly to queries and with lots of recommendations re places to see, eat etc .  Great place and great location. Very clean and comfortable, especially loved the balcony outside to relax in the evenings. Great neighborhood to stroll and explore after the bustle of NYC and lots of great restaurants to try for dinner. Also very easy to get to on the subway if youre flying in from JFK. Excellent location. Good space. The owner is very accessible, which is great. Noise from the upstairs is an issue at certain times of day, like early morning. The apartment is in an awesome place, its super clean and well appointed. Will deff see if its available next time I head to the city. We loved staying in Kens apartment. This part of Brooklyn is really beautiful and interesting, we didnt even go into Manhattan this trip! The apartment is really comfortable, roomy, and nicely built. It was wonderful having a separate bedroom for our son, and hanging out in the lovely garden.  Kens place was clean and welcoming. He responded right away with any questions. Great neighborhood! Definitely recommend for families.  The apartment was great. Spacious, clean and conveniently located. Ken was easy to communicate with and loved the keyless entry as we were a group of friends arriving and leaving at different times. Would stay here again , if Im in Brooklyn Kens place was spacious, very clean and in a wonderful neighbourhood. Ken was extremely accommodating and his communication was very clear and fast. We highly recommend his place and would definitely stay again! A great place to stay!  Ken is so friendly and responsive to questions  The area is safe and parking was not a problem.  Sound does travel through from the upstairs though.  Otherwise very good! My husband and I stayed at Kens and had a complete blast.  We live in NYC and had the pleasure of discovering a new neighborhood from Kens well appointed home.  We especially enjoyed going to: Long Island Bar for burgers, Threes Brewery for beers, and Lavender Lake for an outdoor hang.  We also had a great bike around Prospect Park!  In all, a great apartment in an awesome neighborhood. We loved the apartment - which is new and clean - perfectly located in quite and relaxing area of Brooklyn but still very close to Manhattan and full of nice restaurants. 3 Metro lines are within a short and pleasant walk. We walked to Brooklin Bridge and went running on Brooklyn Pier area. We enjoyed the backyard garden looking at squirrels passing by. Ken was very nice, he left a welcome bottle of Prosecco and fresh flowers when we arrived! l would definitely recommend this place instead of chaotic Manhattan The apartment was better than we could imagine. Super clean, super comfortable and a very nice neighborhood! Just some minutes to the subway and there are some great shops on Smith Street.   Ken himself was very helpful for all our questions and gave us all information we need. We would definitely book Kens apartment again for our next trip to NYC. Awesome apartment ! Lots of amenities great location. Well come again! House was beautiful. Im planning on staying there again very quickly. Super modern, clean and great neighborhood. I didnt get to use the backyard, but oh, so wished I had time to. Great place! Perfect for our family of four. Easy street parking and good proximity to Brooklyn restaurants and bars. Lappartement est propre  ,très bien équipé et très agréable. Ken a su répondre à toutes  nos questions ,la communication a été parfaite .  Nous y retournerons avec plaisir  et en toute confiance Ken (and fam.) are not a top hosts for nothing; the flat is neat, clean, close to shops, restaurants and bars, and he is very accessible and helpful. I only wish Id stayed there from the beginning of my trip. The location is fantastic- quiet street, across from a lovely church, a couple of blocks away from Smith St. and generally a 5-10 minute taxi or Lyft from the riverfront and other Brooklyn neighborhoods. We split the house with another couple and while we were all a bit busy with a wedding, we definitely enjoyed the amenities and  comfy beds. We didnt hear a single street noise or city sounds during our stay, which was pretty impressive! Overall I would say we were 100% satisfied with our stay. Would definitely stay again! Ken’s apartment is beautiful,  comfortable, and new. Having a good air conditioner is a big plus when the outside temperature is 80+. There are plenty of towels in the house. The shower works very well. Nice gadgets like smart thermostat and smart lock are great bonuses. The apartment is located in a safe neighborhood. It’s close to Smith and Court Street where there are plenty of restaurants and shops.   Ken is easily accessible when we need to communicate. We love the apartment so much that we book it again for our next trip to Brooklyn. The perfect Brooklyn location! This apartment is like brand new and has all the comforts of home in a convenient location. Check-in was totally hassle-free. Would recommend this place to anyone who needs to be in the Cobble Hill/Carroll Gardens area of Brooklyn. Kens place was perfect for our family trip.  Spacious, clean, great amenities and a perfect location in Brooklyn. Great location and the host was very thoughtful and accommodating. The space was family friendly with great amenities. We truly enjoyed ourselves, thank you! This listing is in a perfect location in Brooklyn, quiet yet close to restaurants and transportation.  Ken was a fantastic host, quick to respond to messages and had plenty of local recommendations.  Overall I highly recommend and would stay there again! The flat is clean, well equipped, close to ahops, restaurants and cafes. Great part of Brooklyn. The back yard is the best feature, esspecialy when sunny, which it was in November! Ken is available and responsive. Strongly recommend There is a reason Ken and Kate are a super host.  Place is immaculate.  Super easy checkin/checkout.  All logistics sorted out.  Great quiet neighborhood and just minutes from the city. Would stay again for sure.  Many thanks. The sun, moon and stars aligned when I found Kens place after getting a last-minute commercial booking in Brooklyn (I live in Baltimore, and was just flying back from Maine, so needed a place fast). Ken had the availability the only two nights I needed the place - AND it was one block from the directors rehearsal place and just two blocks from where we shot: a Godsend! Kens wife has been ""in the business"" so knows how difficult it can be to get a place to stay in NY for jobs as an out-of-towner. He get me explicit directions of how to get to their place via subway with helpful details such as ""walk down Smith AWAY from direction of skyscrapers."" I arrived two hours before check-in as I had a rehearsal, and Ken let me stow my bags there. He also let me stow them the morning I was supposed to depart, as we needed to shoot some quick B-roll. I so very much appreciated those acts of generosity, which made my life so much easier. The place has dark wooden floors, two bedrooms, kitchen (so practical), washer/dryer, GREAT closet space and living room to relax, decorated in a minimalist chic style thats clean and fresh. They also gave tips on dining, and I found some other places to check out. One is Fob, a Filipino restaurant at 271 Smith St, Brooklyn, NY 11231. We shot scenes there and the food is super good, reasonable and loved the decor. Dont let the ""BBQ"" description fool you into thinking its a BBQ joint. Another great place nearby is Gersi, an Italian restaurant at 316 Court St, Brooklyn, NY 11231, known for its homemade pasta and use of seasonal ingredients. Be forewarned, though. Gersi is CASH ONLY. But prices are very good. Less than 1/3 of Colonie, which also has very good food, is hip, but pricey, at 127 Atlantic Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11201. Five stars for Ken for his place and his hospitality! As described in listing and easy communication with Ken. Stayed here last minute and everything worked out seamlessly. If youre not familiar with Brooklyn, this is a great area to stay in. Close to the subway, lots of shops and restaurants yet still feels very neighborhood-y. Recommend! Had a small set back due to the apartment not being ready in time for checking in and the noise upstairs where the host lives can make it difficult to sleep in. Overall positive experience, great apartment and good communication with the host. This is a lovely place. Well laid out, spotless, and generously equipped. It is a short walk to the shops on Smith and the subway. Ken is an attentive host. We plan to return. We had an amazing time. The place was extremely clean, easy to get to, and  Kens tips came in extremely useful on more than one occasion. This was a perfect place to use as a base to see the rest of NYC! We loved Kens Air B n B! Its extremely clean & tidy, and very comfortable! The location is great ~ within walking distance to lots of great restaurants, cafes and grocery stores! The Air B n B has a well stocked kitchen for all of your cooking needs, a great shower, a comfortable couch, and super cozy beds! Communication with Ken was super ~ he responds right away! I highly recommend Kens Air B n B for your stay in Brooklyn! This is a great airbnb in an awesome Brooklyn neighborhopd. The apartment was incredibly clean and spacious. It was a short walk to the metro and other restaurants and grocery shops. Highly reccommend! Traveling with a baby isn’t easy and Ken made our stay a breeze by providing a pack n play and a high chair for our little girl. It was a clean, comfortable apartment very close to subways and restaurants on Smith Street. Perfect! We had an amazing stay at Ken’s place. Very organized and prompt to reply. Recomended us places to dine in and to go to in the neighbourhood. I am recomending it it easily fitted all 5 of us. We had a great time staying in Kens place over NYE Holiday. Freezing cold outside, but nice and cozy in the warm apartment. Ken and his family were great hosts, and wed be happy to stay there again. Its wonderful, just like what you see in the pictures, trust me, its a lot better than a hotel room. Ken’s place was terrific especially if like us you have small children. They had a dishwasher and laundry in the private unit which made it really easy for us to manage with our 3 year old and 7 month old. We forgot baby body wash but no problem, they had it in their highly stocked bathroom. The kitchen has what you need to cook but it made it especially easy to carrying in from one of the many great local restaurants. I can’t overstate how responsive Ken is. We would 100% stay in this unit again. Ken’s apartment is beautiful!! It’s newly remodeled, modern and SPACIOUS!! The area is very safe and there are restaurants and businesses within walking distance.   The apartment is exactly as depicted in the pictures with the exception of the bedrooms....which are much BIGGER in person. Ken is easily accessible and very responsive. I highly recommend this apartment. Its in a great location, but peaceful and quiet at night.  The apt (that what it feels like!)  is part of a renovated/new construction home (Ken and his family live upstairs) The kitchen is well-designed, with a huge counter with stools.  The living room is cozy - with updated Victorian furniture - very cool!  and a wide screen tv. Lots of windows thru-out, light and airy. 2 bedrooms with very comfortable beds look directly out on a deck that can be accessed! Bathroom is well designed too. Lots of closets  Everything was fresh and clean when we arrived.  Oh, there is even a washer and dryer!"	1
220	Great accommodations, Lisa was wonderful all around and I appreciate her hospitality.  I would stay there again.   This places location was perfect. Close to the subway, shopping, food, and a CVS in case you left anything back home. The neighborhood is very trendy and safe. Lisa was great, very friendly and responsive. I would definitely love to stay here again. Felt immediately welcome. A very nice and clean stay.  Lisa was an amazing host.  She set everything up for me seamlessly to be able to get the keys and made me feel very at home.  The apartment was spotless and really quiet which given I had to work from my computer during the day I really appreciated.  The location is fantastic - 2 blocks from Chelsea market and all the bars and restaurants of the neighborhood.  Id definitely stay there again. Lisa was very accommodating in getting to key to me.  I had a late arrival flight into JFK and a 1.5 hour trip into Manhattan via NYC Airporter.  The apartment was amazingly clean and had wonderful decorations.  Lisa kept in touch via text throughout my stay to ensure that everything was OK.  I would definitely book with Lisa again! Good location in the heart of Chelsea -- lots of restaurants, shops and cafes. The room was clean and the bed was super comfortable! Lisa was easy to communicate with and responded quickly to all my questions. Thank you! Lisas apartment was perfect.  It was clean and centrally located at a price I could afford.  Lisas communication was very good.  She met me at the agreed time and showed me the ammenities.  I would definitely stay here again.  Lisa was a great host, communicated very well prior to arriving as well as ensuring I was made right at home. She helped suggest places in the area to site see as well as the best places to eat. My stay was great overall! The apartment was clean and neat, and in a great location. I would absolutely stay here again and recommend to others!  Lisa and I found each other on the way to her appartment. She took immediately my heavy suitcase and took it up the stairs for me. She made sure that everything was fine before she left. I have found Lisa very attentive! Fantastic apartment! Great location and host was very friendly and accommodating. definitely recommend  I loved my stay with Lisa.  I cant wait to stay there again.  Lisa is an amazing person, her home is very clean and quiet Lisa was a lovely host! She reached out and was very accommodating with scheduling a time to check-in and always replied back right away. Her apartment and was clean and lovely! I loved staying in this cute, clean little apartment. And for the first time ever in NYC I heard no sirens all night long and my windows were op[en for the cool night! Lisa is accommodating. Her place is cute and clean. Lisa was a great host, and her place is perfectly located for anyone planning to spend time in Chelsea or the Meatpacking District. The place was clean, comfortable, and about as spacious as anyone can expect in New York at this value. Make sure you dont pack too heavily! Those four floors of stairs can be a challenge.    Thank you Lisa! Lovely apartment in great area. It was clean and very comfortable for a quick business stop over. Perfect! Lisa is a most accommodating host and I truly appreciated her flexibility towards my travel schedules.  The room is most comfortable and definitely very quiet and restful.  This is an unusual gem in Chelsea and I heartily recommend Lisa! I really enjoyed my stay. It was really convenient for the quick trip to NYC and Lisas apartment is extremely cozy!   It was a great location, easy to walk to restaurants and shops.  The building was quiet and clean.  I never saw any of the residents that lived there.  I plan to stay again.  good experience, clean and convenient. Lisas apartment is conveniently located, near to the Whitney Museum, the High Line, the Joyce Theater and several other spots. ACE Subway stop is very close and there are many good restaurants nearby. The apartment itself is very clean and quiet. Totally recommended. Quiet and comfortable apt in a great location,  great value for money.  Lisa was very helpful.  I had a most excellent stay at Lisas wonderfully decorated and very cheerful apartment. It was perfect for me and so close to everything! I saw a show, went to Chelsea Market for gourmet coffee and sushi and was able to find cute outfits for my dog on 14th. The apartment is the perfect (NYC) size. Very quiet building. The smell of the pizza place next door was divine and luckily stopped on the second floor so that I didnt dream of pizza all night. Bodega on the corner. Just wonderful. Oh and the bed is super comfy and her towels were amazing. Thank you Lisa! Very cute interior, exactly as described. Apartment did make some sporadic creaks and groans and small noises (I think maybe the heating??) during the night but this was the only noise that could be heard during my whole stay. Great location, very easy to walk to a lot of great places and subway close by. Lisa was very attentive and communication was very prompt, even though she was in Singapore. Would recommend! It was light, comfortable and clean appartmen. The location is amazing. Near subway. There are many restorans, shops. Lisa is very friendly and help me if I have a question. I recommend this apartment everyone who want to stay in the middle of Manhattan. I would like to stay here soon. I am first timer with Air B&B.  My first impression  with Lisas place was pleasant. The peacefulness  was welcomed. If I had to do this again, it will only be with Lisa. Thanks again! I am so happy I stayed at Lisas! Everything was great, perfect location, very clean, comfortable and warm! Lisa was attentive and sweet and made me feel at home. I hope to come back soon! Lisas place was great, I couldnt have asked for more. Its clean, warm, and has everything you might need for a short stay. I stayed there while I was attending a conference nearby, and then my return travel plans got canceled because of the snowstorm. Lisa was very kind and let me know that I could stay for extra nights while I sort things out.   Heads up to other guests: the apt is on the 4th floor and youll need to carry your bags up on a narrow and steep stairwell. Just be prepared.  Great location, Lisa was very flexible for check in and out. Had to share the apartment unexpectedly  but not a big issue. El departamento limpio, confortable, tenía todo lo necesario. Lisa es una excelente anfitrión. Siempre dispuesta. La ubicación me pareció muy buena. En el medio de la ciudad y no tan cerca del centro caótico. Hermoso barrio. Lo único a tener en cuenta que son 3 pisos por escaleras.  It was quiet and quaint! Nice get away...Apt is on the 4th floor, no elevator, so pack lightly! Wish there was a tv, but smart phone and wifi worked out well. Full size bed was comfy! Thank you Lisa! I would stay here again...  Great first Airbnb experience. Would definitely book again. Thanks, Lisa!	1
221	Very clean and nice apartment. We were given a very nice welcome and felt very safe. We would definitely stay for our next trip to queens I really liked the place- clean and private, room was small, but good enough. Kamil was very welcoming and flexible. I am definitely coming back soon.  It was great. Kamils friend was there to host us, it was a great experience to stay at Kamils place, clean, quiet, safe, and well equipped.     The house is VERY nice, the area is also beautiful. Traffic is also convenient, there are buses around.     I would definitely stay here again! Perfect  Good vibes! Perfect hosts, made lots of friends. Very clean place and quiet neighbourhood.  Made lots of friends, welcoming hosts. Perfect place and peaceful location.  Je suis arrivée avec beaucoup plus de retard que prévu. Jétais très gênée. Jai prévenu Kamil au fur et à mesure du retard et il (enfin cétait Peter qui était sur place) a été très arrangeant. La chambre est telle quannoncée. Tout est très propre. Le lit de 1 place et demie était assez juste pour y dormir avec un ado (cest bien la seule fois que jai accepté de prendre une baffe en plein sommeil!! Mais avec le sourire) Peter est très sympathique et prévenant et les autres locataires étaient très enthousiastes de nous donner des tuyaux. Cétait un très agréable séjour. Merci Kamil et Peter et Lukas Everything was good and correspond with the information provided in the description  Great place very clean and well kept was very comfortable  I arrived late Thanksgiving night without any problems checking in. The place was quiet, clean, and relaxing.... We had a comfortable stay, nice quiet neighborhood. Not bad. Cozy Good for an impromptu trip. Peter was accommodating. The house is about a 20 min walk from the subways and the private room has a twin sized bed.  Great location. Awkward check-in process and communication. The place we stayed had more residence than we thought- more of a condo/apartment room style. Kamil was great with answering questions just wish more information was provided prior to arrival.  Easy access to public transport and had everything needed for a one night stay Good location Good host  Upon arrival everything was perfect until I stepped inside the house. The person who post these properties doesnt own them. A guy named Peter leaves on the property. And he is extremely disrespectful. He disrespected my mother when she was only visiting and rung the bell, because service is terrible in the area. He is originally from Poland so our communication was limited. The property is fine but the host and experience you will have to deal with is poor and will book with them again. Quiet place little bit far from manhattan but if you dont mind walking it is perfect. Celan room and clean shared spaces. I would reccomend this place. Todo bien. Demora un poco llegar a Manhattan pero el transporte público es accesible. Nice place! Prompt response. Friedly peoples. Free safe parking nearby. Host was not there when we arrived didn’t say where he can find the key didn’t say which room was our room.  3 nights after we had to change room.  Apparently a twin bed is a bed for 2 adults didn’t know that.	1
222	"Karen and James were great hosts. We were able to meet with them before arrival to check out the apartment and collect the keys.    The apartment is located in a very quiet part of Brooklyn, so there was minimal noise or interruption.    Despite being in a quiet area, it is very close to the best that Brooklyn has to offer, plenty of 24 hour delis and great restaurants and bars and only a short subway ride into the city.    The apartment is were Karen and James usually live, so it is not an empty shell. Plenty of good books and movies to pass the time.    Karen and James were at all times very friendly, responded quickly to any requests for help or guidance and ensured that we had the apartment to ourselves for the duration of our stay.    All in all, highly recommended! I guess ""large and lovely, light-filled"" is subjective maybe based on what coast you come from and relative to some really cramped dark places Ive stayed in in Brooklyn.   The apartment was comfortable, easy and doors away from our daughter.  The bed was fine, I dont recommend the sofa for sleeping.  Karen was very accommodating and helpful. She was communicative the entire time and was always available if we needed anything.  Karen was always quick to respond, communicative and helpful throughout the whole process. Explained everything in the apartment and definitely made it a hospitable and comfortable stay. Its a cute apartment in a quiet but well located neighborhood – highly recommended! This is an amazing place. The description is very accurate and it is located in a brilliant part of Brooklyn. It is very close to the subway and would only take me 15-20 minutes to get into manhattan by train.  Karen is very friendly and was easy to contact the entire time I was staying in the apartment. Should was also very helpful in providing information on the local area, good places to eat etc. Could not recommend this place higher, will definitely be staying again if I return. Karen was awesome about arranging our visit. Super organized, she was quick in her correspondence, and helpful in answering any questions we had. She sent us a document with info about the apartment which was also useful.   The bed was very comfortable and the apartment quite large. We used the baby crib and changing table for our infant son which was key. The only issue is that the apartment wasnt very clean and I wish towels and extra linens were provided. If Karen can do that, it would be the perfect place. Location couldnt be better.  Thanks, Karen, for making us feel welcome.  Very convenient place to stay with plenty of room and friendly hosts! Perfect location- super close to the G train & some of the best bars, baked goods & tacos in NYC. Cute & homey apartment. Loved all the lil Simpsons figures scattered about! Definitely will stay here again if the stars ever realign. The host canceled this reservation 47 days before arrival. This is an automated posting."	0
223	Overall, Rans place was exactly what we were looking for. While we didnt have a chance to meet her in person, a neighbor gave us the keys and made sure we felt welcomed. Ran also let us a nice long note describing everything we would need to know. Her place was organized and clean, and the description on airbnb was accurate. The futons in her living room were comfortable to sleep on for a night. Good experience! Cozy place and warm during winter. Good size for two.  Beds are not great but ok.  The kitchen is very comfortable.  Good bathroom and better shower!  About 40 min from Times Square... Good option!  My boyfriend and I visited NYC for a week vacation after moving to Canada last year and Rans place was right in our old neighborhood so was just what we needed for home base.  Safe, cute restaurants and shops, and easy commute by bus or metro to Manhattan, other areas of BK, etc.  Ran was out of the country during our stay at her place but she still remained communicative so we could coordinate key pick up and drop off or deal with any issues that arose like spotty internet or missing remote (needed to fast forward/rewind DVDs), etc.  Everything went well, so dont look at the 3 as not up to par.  I just have different standards for my stays.  I would provide a 5 if not for a few small things like not having full access to the apartment (bedroom was locked so we were in the living room surrounded by luggage on a futon), spotty internet, bathroom/living area not as new/nice as would have liked, etc. But hey its NYC and overall, Ran was a good host. Ran has a beautiful home on a quiet street thats just a few minutes walking from the subway. Plenty of quaint eateries nearby and a Duane Reade. A perfect Brooklyn getaway if youre visiting NYC. She had a lovely assortment of tea and chocolates waiting for me when I arrived, and her building super, Frank, is also friendly and helpful. Overall, I had a great time at Rans place and would recommend it in a heartbeat!  Ran, though wasnt physically present, left detailed information about the place and was extremely kind when answering questions via email.  We picked up the keys from the super since Ran was out of the country. The apartment was a little different than as pictured but Ran let us know that ahead of time. She was super easy to communicate with and a great host even from afar.  The apartment had a futon and air mattress. It is in a great location and I wouldnt hesitate to stay there if you just need a place to sleep. There was no air-conditioning which was hard in a summer heatwave and we had an issue with the internet but I am sure that will be figured out by the time you stay. 	0
224	Really pleased we stopped where we did, Thomas is a kind and helpful host. Just off Church Ave which is bustling with lots of shops and eateries, especially if you like traditional caribbean food. This isnt the touristy part of Brooklyn, but what I would describe as an everyday area, where the folks are just going about their everyday business and getting on with life. The proper Brooklyn. Easy bus to the Metro (7 blocks) or an easy walk (20 minutes). Area is very safe. We had many a late night returns. The 2 train takes you all the way into Manhattan.  Great stay. The apartment was very busy with other guests. So can be over crowded at times.  The train station isnt in walking distance but you can easily catch a bus which is a couple of blocks away and that bus takes about 15 minutes to the train station. The station I used was Utica - crown heights which is a central line for getting around manhattan. My stay was good. Any issues I had I communicated same to Thomas and it was delt with. Thomas plans to upgrade some amenities and improve on the athestics of the building. Overall I enjoyed my stay.  It felt like family. I will definetly return. Thanks guys . My daughter also enjoyed her stayed. Natalie was also helpful  Thomas was such a nice easygoing guy. Gentle from the beginning till the end. The room is huge. Accommodation close to public transportation. There is air conditioner (a must for the summer). The neighborhood is beautiful, nice stay! Des hôtes extraordinaires, un quartier vivant et bien situé, des commodités... Quoi de mieux pour apprecier un séjour à New York? Salvando a Thomas, que ha sido un anfitrión excelente, la estancia ha sido agradable gracias a él y sintiendo las molestias causadas, las fotos del anuncio se alejan de la realidad. La falta de higiene en todas las áreas de la casa era evidente, al igual que el deterioro de las instalaciones. Thank u! Всем привет! Мы с семьей (*я, жена и ребёнок) жили у Натальи и Томаса неделю. Квартира находится в чернокожем квартале. Но этого не стоит бояться! Все люди очень приятные! Приветливые! Много магазинов. Прачечная рядом! Все удобства есть. До метро (*A/C/4) можно легко добраться на автобусе 35. Комната была чистая, большая кухня со всеми удобствами. Чисто, что для нас было не мало важно ибо мы были с ребёнком! На все наши вопросы и просьбы хозяйка отвечала моментально! Отдельно хочу сказать пару слов про Томаса (*дедушка хозяйки): он жил по соседству и сильно помогал нам советами! Очень классный дедушка! Очень приветливый! Играл нам на гитаре и пел песни! Спасибо большое хозяевам! Мы были очень рады что мы остановились именно у вас! Всем советуем! Отличное жильё по разумной цене!!	0
225	The apartment was in a wonderfully beautiful neighborhood. Home has a nice porch for enjoying the morning coffee. Easy to walk to subway and a variety of  local cuisine. Host made use feel like part of their family, went above and beyond to accommodate our needs.  We felt welcome as soon as we arrived. Neighborhood was fine.  we had a film shoot at the house and bill couldnt have been any more amazing! He made it go super smooth and the house is just fantastic!!! We loved it! Gloria and Bill made our time in Flushing memorable. As hosts they let us make their home our  home for a fantastic weekend.   We had cycled 930 km from Toronto to be welcomed by them and as touring cyclists we felt fully welcomed and very accommodated in every way. All four of us highly commend this as a great property, but especially the many helpful and welcoming acts that make Gloria and Bill extraordinary ambassadors!   Stay here and you wont be disappointed! Gloria is so sweet and warmhearted .We spent 6days there and that was an wonderful experience .Well be back and welcome to China! We loved this house. Plenty of room, beds comfortable, hosts very friendly. The location was very convenient. The space was clean and spacious. The owners were very kind and helpful. Situated in the heart of Flushing, Gloria and Bills home has a sweet charm that feels like coming home to your grandmothers. We decided to stay here as the apartment was a few miles from the venue that I got married in. The comfort of the bed felt right at home with its medium firmness that left no aches! The kitchen is fully stocked with everything youd need to make yourself breakfast, however, Bill was kind enough to provide freshly made bagels with cream cheese. Bill and Glorias gracious hospitality was utmost heartwarming. Thank you for allowing us to stay at your charming home. 超级棒!沙发床比想象中的大,而且很贴心的准备了许多毛巾和毯子。厨房里的调味料相当齐全,足以满足各种各样的烹饪。最棒的是还给我们买了早餐!临别时还送了我们人手一本圣经,包括中英两种版本,并真诚写了赠语!十分贴心,十分满意,下次有需要一定会再来! This is a good place for a unforgotten trip. Everything is good especially the nice breakfast for us!I appreciate it so much that host couple watches my dog for one day!Thanks for everything! 非常好的房东,住在中国城附近,便利,房东太太是中国人,临走还给我们每个人送了中文版的圣经,真是好有爱心 Bill and Gloria were wonderful hosts! They made sure that my family and I were comfortable in the space and had bagels for us in the morning, which was very thoughtful.  The apartment is attached to their home, which I thought would be weird, but it worked out wonderfully.  My family and I are in Flushing all of the time, so the next time we have an extended stay, we would love to come back. Gloria and Bill are very good hosts and easy to communicate with. They looked after us very well and went out of their way to make sure we were well looked after.  The apartment was a good size and had all the necessary facilities to make sure our stay went well.   The bonus was the off street parking which was particularly useful as we had a rental car. Parking in NYC and in Flushing Queens where we stayed was quite difficult and knowing we had a secure parking always available was a big convenience.  Great place in a great location. Would recommend to my best friend. Thank you Gloria for your hospitality. They greeted us very warmly when we arrived early in the morning. Bill very graciously took us to the subway. Bill then picked us up very late that evening when we arrived back from the City.  In the morning they provided fresh, warm, delicious bagels from Whitestones. They were incredibly gracious people, very kind and very thoughtful. There were five of us and we were very comfortable. I highly recommend them.  Gloria and Bills is a fantastic location! I shot a film there this weekend and couldnt have had better luck. As hosts they were understanding and kind and patient. Their home was clean, spacious and incredibly decorated. My entire cast and crew had an incredible time shooting and we are all so great full  for the experience! If you need a beautiful home for your next film project this is definitely an incredible option! Would recommend again and again. A nice experience living here! The owners of the house are very friendly. They even gave us a free drive to the airport to catch the flight! The place is very clean,cozy, warm with fantastic host and a great location. Bill and Glorias place was great! They were very accommodating to our schedule and their place was very well stocked. The bagels in the morning were amazing as well! Thanks again for the wonderful stay. Everything was great had an awesome time.  It is placed where very calm and peaceful. Impressed old radio which was besides of TV. However, you can have all convenience stuffs in the house. If you are Korean I strongly recommend to stay. Because it is near from a lot of Korean restaurant and shops.    A great place. Chose this location and its proximity to NY Presbyterian Queens campus. My husband had triple by-pass surgery and Bill & Gloria, our Hosts, took us under their wing and provided not only a beautiful home, but nurturing, compassion, and honest care. Bill even drove us to/from the hospital every day!! Gloria is the most beautiful soul you will ever encounter. We made friends with Bill & Gloria for life!! Anyone who is going to this hospital can stop at this review and book this true respite home!!  Thanks is not enough! Glorias place was awesome. Enjoyed my stay there. Nice, clean and quiet. Had a good nights sleep when finished going around town each night.  A+++ Gloria和先生都很可爱。别墅中古别致。 We are a non-profit group, visiting NYC for the international women’s conference. Gloria and Bills house is big, elegant decorated, clean, quiet, warm, convenient to the downtown and full of love. Before a snow storm, Gloria drove us to the supermarket to prepare the food. One of our colleagues suffered leg pain, Gloria sent her to see doctor. Gloria and Bill, thank you so much for being such gracious hosts!  Very good dir the price + owners are very nice and helpful Great location, space, value, and vintage charm with a few caveats.  Close to Flushing Main St / Chinatown - about 10 min walk.  Few restaurants just down the street.  Large kitchen and large suite-sized one-bedroom downstairs unit.  Be aware though - 1) owners live upstairs, 2) wood floors creak quite a bit, 3) very bright in AM (bring eye mask covers), 4) loud early AM on trash days (bring ear plugs), 5) Asian-style warmed Toto-like toilet seat.  Would definitely consider staying again. My family really enjoy this  beautiful airbnb house. My host Gloria and Bill are very nice. Gloria and Bill were very welcoming guests. They were easy to communicate with and very gracious.  Bill was kind enough to supply us with fresh bagels and cream cheese in the morning which we very much appreciated. Gloria was extremely friendly and ready to provide suggestions and information on local places to eat and enjoy. Very nice stay.Everything as it described and very clean.You have everything in the kitchen.Location is convenient about 10 mins walking to 7 train. Glorias place is clean and cozy.  My family had a great time staying at her house.  We felt like staying at home.  I will definitely recommend friends to stay there when they travel to NYC.   感恩,遇见。美丽可爱的gloria女士和bill先生。以后来纽约一定过来这个美丽的房子。 Glorias place was the perfect location for our familys stay in New York.  It was within walking distance of the subway so we could see the sights in Manhattan. Then provided a quiet place to relax at the end of the day. Bill gave us great advice for our travels and both Bill and Gloria were very responsive to our needs, especially accommodating our early arrival. We enjoyed our stay very much! Gloria and Bill were wonderful hosts. Could not ask for anything more. Great location with a lovely garden!   Highly recommended!  地点很好,有一个美丽的花园! 强烈推荐! 安静、温馨的房间。谢谢! Beautiful home with an amazing host. The area was a lot of fun. We would absolutely stay again.  Charming, clean home with lots of room to spread out. Full kitchen, comfortable sleeping, cozy porch, parking and other amenities are as good or better than promised. Just one bathroom, but well equipped (laundry, too!). Hosts are available yet totally unobtrusive. 位于法拉盛华人聚集区,闹中取静离main street station约10分钟步行距离。周围生活便利,购物超市及餐饮选择丰富。Gloria非常好客且能及时回应房客并给以帮助,房主提供超大容量洗衣机和烘干机为我们这次长途旅行提供极大便利,卫生间还设置有“卫洗丽”,感觉回到了家。厨房设施齐全,可以煮饭做菜。非常推荐这间居所,物超所值!The house is located in Flushing, about 10 mns walk from the Main Street station. The surrounding life is convenient, plenty choices of supermarkets and Chinese restaurants . Gloria was very hospitable and responsive. There is a big washing machine and dryer in the house, that was really great for our long travel. Washlet let us feel at home. The kitchen is full of facilities and we can cook food there. It was a impressive stay, I highly recommend it! Great place to stay, Bill is awesome and so friendly. Is close enough so its easy to get ahold of him but still your own personal/private space. Would recommend everyone! Great communication! We went to Us Open and stayed at Bill and Glorias place. It is with 10 dollars Uber ride to the stadium. The location is great and in a quiet nice neighborhood. Bill even bought bagels for us which is really nice. We will be back soon! They were a great couple. Very clear communication about policies and procedures. Very welcoming. The most positive experience I have had on Airbnb. Bill and Gloria are very thoughtful hosts. Their home is very comfortable and welcoming. Bill was very accommodating and even brought us bagles one morning! I would definitely recommend this property for anyone looking to be close to Flushing for a good bargain. This is our second time staying at this lovely home. Bill kindly drove us to train station and bought yummy breakfast for four of us. We felt like at home. We will definitely return here when we visit NYC Gloria is very nice and beautiful lady,so kind and friendly。the house is warm and quiet,near to the center of flushing,good Location。We like the host and house:) Gloria and Bill are very and friendly and easily to communicate. I am really grateful for their host and help these days! 非常好的民俗选择,房东很热情,入住的时间很晚依旧接待的很迅速。给提供早餐浴巾辈子等,地方不算很大但是我们住了7个人依然很舒服。地点在法拉盛,离中心区域不远,步行10分钟,平时很安静。临走前房东还送了礼物给我们,很好的一次住宿体验。 Bill and Gloria are warm and considerate host. My family had such a great time in their house and felt like home. Would love to stay there again when we visit NYC next time!	1
226	"Ekaterina ist eine großartige Gastgeberin und auch den Familienhund ""Harper"" haben wir ins Herz geschlossen! Unsere eigentlich geplante Unterkunft existierte leider nur auf dem Papier...  Wir haben daher innerhalb einer Stunde  bei Ekaterina gebucht und eingecheckt. Sie hat uns sofort sehr herzlich begrüßt und in ihre Wohnung gebeten, da die Unterkunft noch belegt war. Das Haus ist in allem großzügig dimensioniert, hat mehrere Badezimmer (für uns ganz wichtig) und eine schön ausgestattete Küche. Es ist noch nicht alles fertig renoviert, das störte uns aber überhaupt nicht. Wir würden jederzeit wieder bei Ekaterina wohnen. Great entertaining space with plenty of room for your guests. Be prepared for lots of stairs but well worth the work Great location, and great communication from Ekaterina.  She went above and beyond to make sure our group had everything we needed. Huge space in a great neighborhood!  Would stay again! Great location, lots of place, big room. Some bad points regarding smoke smell and cleanness in some rooms. Ekaterina was very nice and helpful. Great location and huge, modern space. This property has lovely architectural bones, and when renovations are complete will be stunning. As is, it still gave us what we needed, a comfortable spacious property with which four family groups could comfortably coexist for the weekend. The host responded to our requests quickly and competently...would love to see this property when it is totally renovated!"	1
227	Lovely room, not sure Id walk around the area alone late at night if you catch my drift. Accomodation itself was great though! En general el departamento está bien pero queda chico cuando están hospedadas tantas personas. No está muy cerca de la zona turística pero siempre es bueno tener un metro cercano como en este caso. Si quieres pagar un buen precio solo por dormir, está bien. Overall this was exactly what my friends and I were looking for in a place to stay for the weekend. The apartment is about a 15 minute walk from the metro. The neighborhood was definitely not Park Avenue but we never felt unsafe. The inside of the apartment was exactly what the pictures showed and the bedroom was extremely clean. The beds were super comfortable and a good size. There were several other people staying in other rooms of the apartment but sharing the bathroom was never an issue and we were able to lock our own bedroom when we would leave for the day. Bring headphones because the walls are thin and we could hear music from the apartment next to us. Overall would definitely recommend staying here, great price and great experience. Good value El lugar es céntrico cuenta con todos los servicios básicos y muy cerca de supermercados, restaurantes y transporte, muy buena opción para conocer NY. very dirty situation, bathroom disgusting. kitchen also. no one to clean, during all days. often host didnt answered even if necessary his help (3 hours to arrive to the apartment without indications). host refused to refund the price of inappropriate accomodation. do not choose it, really. 싸고 좋은데 맨허튼에서 거리가 좀 됨 지하철로 40분 그리고 역에서 숙소까지는 10 분 좀 멀어도 지내기 괜찮은 듯 Petra, siempre estuvo dispuesta a responder cuando tuvimos dudas respecto al alojamiento. El vecindario a pesar de que en la noche es oscuro es muy seguro y tiene supermercados cerca. Solo tuvimos dos inconvenientes: el ruido en la casa y el aseo. A los baños les falta aseo en especial la bañera, pagamos un porcentaje para que estuviera siempre aseado pero hubo días en que la persona que limpia no fue. La entrada a la casa siempre estuvo muy sucia con basura regada. Eso lo podrían mejorar. Decently priced . Communication was quick. Its not sparkling clean but its decently clean. It works . No real problems.	0
228	It was a pleasure to stay at Leda place. Very Clean, Close to Train station & many stores , restaurants cross the street. I enjoyed our chat and I highly recommend her place. All the best Leda.!  Great neighborhood with lots of bars and restaurants, the room itself is quiet. Very close to the next subway station that brings you right into manhattan and brooklin. If you just need a bed and a bathroom and are out the rest of the day the room is perfect. if you like to hang out in your room a lot the apartment might be a little too small for you. Leda is a very friendly and helpful host. I enjoyed my stay, thank you Leda! Great little room in a very convenient location next to pretty much everything. Leda managed to be very available for questions while simultaneously not intruding on me. Highly recommended! :) Nice place and wonderful hostess. A good option and cheaper outside Manhattan. 20-25 min by subway to Manhattan, but the nearest subway station is out of a service on weekends Leda is cool and goes the extra mile to make sure everything is more than alright.. I would strongly recommend anyone staying here.	0
229	My friend and I stayed in Yang’s apartment for one night over the weekend. The location is great; I found the neighborhood to be centrally located (within walking distance to Bryant Park, the Empire State Building, Time Square, to name a few places), nice, not too busy and near some great restaurants. Yang’s apartment was on the smaller and plainer side, but decent and I think really good for the price. The rental is a private room and shared bathroom/kitchen in a two bedroom apartment, but we had the place to ourselves. The private room is a good size, has a comfy bed and AC/heating. I didn’t get to meet Yang during our stay, but she was very helpful and prompt in responding to my messages when I had questions about getting the keys from Key Cafe (this is actually located in a bar that isn’t open at all hours, so definitely consider and plan around that). One last thing I would mention is that the walls are sort of thin and you can hear street noise pretty loudly through the window/AC window unit, so consider music or earplugs at night if you are a light sleeper. All in All, we had a nice stay and loved the location. Simple yet clean and pleasant accommodations in a convenient setting. A fair bit of street noise. Yang has a cozy apartment at the center of the city. The place is nice and clean, just as the picture depicted. The location is excellent and is quite convenient if you use Uber to tour the city. La habitacion fue muy comoda y confortable, el departamento estaba muy limpio y muy centrico, el cha For the price this is by far the best place to stay. I have some recommendations that I wish I had known before.. 1. I got an automated email telling me to get the key from the keycafe in a bar a couple blocks away. Double check with Yang that it is there because I schlepped my bags there and ultimately had to communicate with a language barrier that it was in fact at the apartment.  2. The towels are tiny. Like barely wrap around the waist. Im not huge but Im not a stick either so this wasnt ideal to be using if anyone else is around. One of mine also looked like it hadnt been cleaned.  3. As I am not from NYC I wasnt aware that some of the buildings have heat that you can NOT CONTROL. I legit thought I was going to melt my first night and I slept terribly despite the AC on full blast. I reached out and you can open the window from the top for some fresh air that made a huge difference. Weird though- the window was really sticky all over.   Overall it was fine for the price but a lot of hiccups that could have been avoided. If I knew all of this ahead of time I still would have stayed and it would have been much more pleasant. The location is wonderful, central to many attractions in midtown, with nice local bars nearby. Consider bringing your own towel as the ones provided are small and thin. This is a bare bones apartment with just the essentials and no sitting place. Yang was very attentive and helpful with check in and check out. This property was being painted when I arrived and ruined an expensive suit. . I did not stay at the property under those circumstances forcing me to get last minute prices at a NYC hotel. Hopefully the host can be more accessible and honest about the state of the construction for future guests. Yangs place is at a good spot. Close to many restaurants and attractions. Easy check-in and check-out. I do warn to be careful with the lock to the bedroom door for room B as Yang does not provide a key to the bedroom and does not have a key herself. I mistakenly closed the door from the outside while locked and was advised by Yang to contact a locksmith (I do not believe this should be a guests responsibility). Luckily, I was able to get it opened myself with a card. I had no other issues aside from that. We stayed in Yangs room one night because on transit from New York to Pennsylvania after an international flight. All in all, we had a comfortable stay which met our expectations. Below we have summarized pros and cons. Pros : great location, good check-in/check-out procedures, prompt reply from host. Cons : moquette a bit dirty, air drafts coming in from window. We stayed at Yangs place for one night after a holiday party in the city. It served its purposed but it wasnt anything special (so if you are looking for a special getaway or something like, maybe look elsewhere?) It was clean, and the bed was comfortable. My only two comments are that the towels were TINY (you couldnt really use them post-shower) and it was a little confusing to check in because there were no numbers on the apartment doors. Aside from that, it was fine. It was really fun living there! Yang was really reachable. Only one concern, the door locks were dysfunctional. Logement très bien situé. Très propre. Nous navons pas rencontré lhôte mais avons échangé par message  sans difficultés. Attention par contre au bruit car la chambre donne sur la rue. Je conseille vraiment ce logement	0
230	"My host, Giovanny gave me warm welcome. The apartment was homely to me. The neighborhood was peaceful and everything necessary for civic life were available nearby. I love the pleasant behavior and helping attitude of the host during my stay.    - Dr. Mishra Great place and location.  Giovanny was super nice and helpful.  No complaints at all. La estadia en el departamento fue excelente. Cumplia con todas las comodidades ofrecidas en el anuncio y lucia igual que en las fotos. El departamento es muy cómodo, limpio y acogedor. La habitación para dos personas funciona perfectamente, ya que cuenta con dos placares y dos cajoneras, es espaciosa. Giovanny, como anfrition fue muy amable y estuvo muy atento a todas nuestras dudas y necesidades. Nos dio bastante información acerca de las atracciones turísticas o direcciones que preguntábamos.   El departamento esta muy bien ubicado, comodo para viajar en subte, o para tomar un taxi en la esquina, e incluso para ir caminando hacia la zona mas centrica!!  La experiencia fue genial, es absolutamente recomendable. The room is really nice and the house is in a great location in Manhattan. Giovanny has been friendly and very helpful. The place is simply amazing – a wonderful apartment that has all you need, a great location with subway and plenty nice eating and sightseeing places near, as well as a very good price for Manhattan.     Giovanny is an awesome host - hes willing to assist with all your needs during your stay and gives a lot of helpful tips about the area and about NY in its whole. Would definitely return if I get the chance to. My stay at Gios apartment was excellent. He is a great host, very kind and always willing to help with what you may need to get around in the city.   The room is comfortable, spacious, luminous and has a nice view to a beautiful garden. The bed is super comfortable as well and the whole place is tidy and clean!   The neighborhood is quiet, beautiful and there are a lot of points of interests and restaurants nearby (such as the Central Park, the Met and Mayson Kaiser). I fully recommend staying at Giovannys and will definitely stay there again when I go back to NY!    Mi estadía en lo Gio fue excelente. Es un gran host, muy amable y siempre dispuesto a ayudar con lo que uno necesite.   La habitación es comfortable, espaciosa, luminosa y tiene una vista a un jardín precioso. La cama es súper cómoda y todo el lugar está muy bien arreglado y limpio!  El barrio es muy tranquilo y hay muchos puntos de interés y restaurantes en su cercanía (por ejemplo, el Central Park, el Met y Maison Kayser).   Lo recomiendo completamente y, seguramente, cuando vuelva a NY pare en su casa de nuevo! Je suis restée 12 nuits chez Giovanny. Il ma tout de suite fait me sentir comme à la maison ! Il a été très accueillant. Lappartement est fidèle à la description, et le quartier est tranquille (pas mal famé). La chambre est grande, avec deux commodes et une armoire dans le mur pour ranger ses affaires. Niveau propreté, cétait globalement correct.  Dès mon arrivée, Giovanny ma montré le supermarché le plus proche (environ 5mn à pied). Le métro est également près de lappartement (6-7mn à pied) ! A great little place on the upper east side. The host keeps to himself pretty much but is available if you have any issues. Top-notch bedding and air conditioning make the stay very comfortable.   The listing was perfect, and Giovanny was considerate throughout my whole stay. Really good space, nice guy and I really enjoyed my stay. Considering this was the first leg of relocating to Manhattan and I had to contend with jet lag and general moving issues, having a good host made a huge difference to me. Would recommend.  The host canceled this reservation 36 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Le logement de Giovanni est super bien situé. A 2 ou 3 blocks du metro. Le quartier est vraiment charmant, tranquille et exactement ce que lon imagine de New-York.  Giovanni est un hôte très tranquille. La chambre est spacieuse et claire avec deux grandes fenêtres. Le séjour, la cuisine et la salle de bains sont borgnes ms cela ne pose pas de problème.  Giovanni laisse accès à la cuisine, au frigo et tout léquipement sans pb. Il a été arrangeant pour le depart, jai pu laisser mes valises chez lui alors quil accueillait un autre hôte le même jour. Merci encore Giovanni! Mon expérience à New York a été vraiment extraordinaire et ce gràce à toi également/Thanks Giovanni! My travel in New York was really great. Thanks to you.   Amities / Best wishes  Amandine Giovanny is a really good host! He was really helpful even before I arrived in New York. He allowed me to host a friend for one night without any problem and I was very thankful for that. The apartment is in a really good position if you are planning to visit Manhattan: the nearest metro station is less than 10 minutes away. The neighbour is quiet even if its close to a main avenue. Its a really good fit if you are travelling alone (as me) or with a another person. The room is comfortable (theres plenty of space) and theres a lot of light (it may be a problem in the morning if you are a ""light sleeper""). All considered it was a really good experience. the apartment is very well located, safe zone Giovanny was an excellent host. His apartment was stylish and spacious and he keeps it perfectly clean. Great location and you can easily walk to lots of shops and restaurants. Subway station is also close by or you could hop on a citibike a block over and bike thru the city. We had a great experience and would definitely stay here again if we find ourselves back in the city. Very convenient location.  Can be a bit dark and cold if you visit in the winter."	1
231	Great apartment in an excellent neighborhood.  The subway is 2 blocks away and the express bus to Manhattan is just around the corner.  The apartment is comfortable and EXTREMELY immaculate.  I enjoyed my stay here immensely.  Dean is an excellent host and goes out of his way to be helpful.  He is very friendly and is an all-around great guy.  I had a great stay and YOU WILL TOO. Deans place is spotless, and he keeps it just like the photos.  Id recommend him to a friend.  The subway in Brooklyn is close by, and so is a drugstore if you need any last minute things for your trip. Dean was really kindly and helpful. We arrived at his flat very late but it was absolutly no problem for him. We talked a little bit and Olli and me felt very welcome.  His flat is really beautiful and it looks like on the pictures. It was clean and the seperat room gaves us enough privacy. Dean was often at work or on tour with his friends so that we have the flat often just for us.  Dean gave us some tipps and drove us to a store with his car. This was really kindly!  We felt very comfortable. Thanks for that Dean :)   This was my first time using Airbnb and both me and my partner were skeptical. However our first encounter with Dean put our skepticism completely at ease. Not only were he and his girlfriend wonderful and welcoming hosts, they were extremely non intrusive and knowledgeable. They live in an extremely beautiful neighborhood, right by the Brooklyn Bridge and countless shops within half a mile of walking. The apartment itself was extremely clean and beautiful.  Our host, Dean, was very accommodating and warmly greeted us upon our arrival.  He explained where to find everything we might need in the apartment.  He helped my wife set up Wi-Fi for her ipad and explained the various modes of transportation available.  He was very friendly and welcoming.  The apartment was exactly as you see in the picture and very clean.  We had never used airbnb before but after this experience we wouldnt hesitate to do so again. Dean was very welcoming and friendly. He immediately made us feel at home. He was informative about the Bay Ridge area (where to eat and shop etc) and he gave us some good tips about New York. The accommodation was as described. The apartment was spotless. Good wifi. Good transport into central NY. All in all we had a very good experience. The reservation was canceled 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. My period with Dean Burgoa and his girlfriend Liz, was fantastic! Since the arrival period, all through my everyday routine was exceptional, as they made me feel very welcome, and, actually, like a part of their family! The apartment installations are extremely accurate to the advertisement, and the Brooklyn neighborhood took me by surprise, in the best way possible! The apartment building lies in a quiet area of NYC, as in comparison to loud Manhattan, and sometimes it doesnt even seem like its in such a grand metropole. I would undoubtedly recommend this place for anyone looking to come to NYC, and getting to stay with a wonderful couple, who will aid in getting around and finding the best of The Great Big Apple! Dean and his girlfriend are one of the most generous and sincere hosts I have came across in airbnb. The place is exactly how its described in the profile. Great place!!! Dean was extremely nice and helpful in setting everything up.  He was very prompt in his replies and engaging what made the process very easy.  Deans also is a great host, hes easy to talk to and very welcoming.  His apartment is even better than in the pictures.  Its a lovely apartment and he really makes you feel at home.  His neighborhood is great.  Its in a quiet down low area but very close walking distance to some great places to eat.  Its also very close if you want to take public into the city.  I would highly recommend deans place to anybody if you want a great place to stay with an awesome host.  Thanks dean !   The stay at Deans place has been very pleasant. The listed photos & description of the apartment are very accurate. Its located in a quiet & safe neighborhood of Bay Ridge. Dean & his girlfriend are very friendly & the place was kept very clean. There are plenty of nearby restaurants & stores located within walking distance just a few blocks away from the apartment. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who plans to have a peaceful stay in Brooklyn. Anche se New York non fosse una delle piu belle citta` del pianeta, varrebbe la pena di andare fino li` solo per conoscere Dean, una persona davvero speciale, gentile e accogliente. Lui si preoccupa davvero che le persone che ospita si sentano come a casa ed e presente se si ha bisogno di qualcosa lasciando alle persone tutto lo spazio e la liberta di cui necessitano. Il suo appartamento ha davvero tutto cio di cui si ha bisogno, e molto pulito , caldo e accogliente. E situato in una zona veramente molto tranquilla e sicura e con la metropolitana vicino non abbiamo avuto alcun problema a spostarci a Manhattan. Anche se il tempo a disposizione e stato poco , possiamo dire di aver trovato in Dean un nuovo amico e vogliamo ancora ringraziarlo tanto per la sua  cortesia e gentilezza,  sperando  sinceramente di rivederlo presto.   This was my first experience with airbnb and it was amazing. Dean was extremely nice and helpful and was very prompt in his replies. He is a wonderful host and was very welcoming. The photos and description dont do justice for his place. His place is really warm and inviting and makes you feel at home. It is located in Bay Ridge which is a quiet and safe neighborhood. It is conveniently located near public transit, a park that looks out to New York Harbor, and great restaurants. If you are looking for a wonderful and welcoming host, a great place to stay and beautiful area I would highly recommend staying at Dean’s place. The host canceled this reservation 15 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Dean was very attentive and helpful in any way possible. The place is also very clean and pretty convenient as far as transit and food goes. In a quiet neighborhood with minimal noise was a big plus Dean is an amazing host - very thoughtful, friendly and pleasant,great room great location. Dont hesitate to Book with Dean Dean was a great host, worked with me to arrange a good time to arrive and get set up. Great, comfortable space, in a quiet area in Brooklyn. Def recommended. 初到纽约跨年,选了Dean的房间,不得不说,这是一次难忘的体验,因为Dean是位很酷的房东,房间收拾的非常,非常干净,无论厨房、客厅、卧室、还是洗手间,都擦洗的一尘不染,让人住着十分安心。  Dean也会按时保洁,屋里总是香香的,干干净净,令人印象深刻。  屋里飘扬的音乐是我喜欢的,甚至在洗手间也布置了sonos音箱,洗澡的时候来段音乐岂不美哉?   首晚过来,在路上耽误了很久,让房东等了我们好久,但到了之后,房东仍然热情的帮我们煮茶,煮咖啡,聊了许多关于旅行和足球的话题,临行前晚,又聊了纽约这个生活了很久仍然会让人觉得好奇的地方(Dean的观点)。  这间屋子所在的街区非常安静,干净,在布鲁克林的最南边,离大西洋很近,步行不远就能看到大海和跨海大桥,我在2016最后一天的早晨走到海边,天略阴沉,周边鲜有行人,偶尔遛狗和晨跑的当地居民路过。  我在这里度过了一个神奇的跨年,感谢Dean的热情招待。  感谢,欢迎来中国!	1
232	"Miriam and her place were great. She gives a couple personal touches that make you feel welcome! And very accommodating, her communication is great. She checked in on me via text message the second day just to say hi and hope we were having a great trip. The location is great. Its on a quiet street with a parking garage right around the corner for convenience. Within walking distance to the ferry, and restaurants. Overall it was great! We plan on making a second trip out here and hope to book with her again.  I go to New York alot I have to say this for me has been the best AirBnB I have stayed in New York. Everything about this place is god-send for me. I dont usually write reviews but this  deserved one from the welcome, the amenities (shower is killer) btw, location in itself is amazing. Literally the first stop on the 1 and 2 outside of Manhattan. I never minded the walk from the train station to the place. The A train is close as well. Plenty of stores in the area for whatever you need. Kind of reminds me of the upper east side in Manhattan except more trees. The park looking into Manhattan is two blocks away. The hosting is impeccable. If there was a sixth star I wouldve gave it that. Love Miriam too. After all shes the one behind all of this. The place was great! We loved the location and it was fun to explore around Brooklyn Heights. The apartment was clean and had everything we needed. We stayed here for 3 nights and they were all wonderful! Miriam was a great host and I would recommend this place to anyone! This place is on a quit road in a wonderful neighborhood.   Very easy to get to and near the pier.  It is near 278 and very covenant to get on and off the highway.   The place itself is comfortable and cozy and parking is just around the corner.   Excellent place to stay.  I would recommend to anyone. Miriams home is perfect! Nice, very clean and with everything you will need for your stay. We are a family with 2 boys and the home is a little small for 4 people, but enough for a very comfortable stay. There are no rooms, you have to share the same space for everybody, that is the unique ""negative point"". The home is very comfortable, the neighborhood very quiet, safe and beautiful, with marvelous Manhattan skyline views very close. Subway at 10 min by walking and just one stop from Manhattan. You have shops at the neighborhood and restaurants, cinema, ATM..... And Miriam is very kind and always close to help you with everything you would need. We had a very good experience there! The apartment is very modern, clean and nice.  Miriam was very communicative and helpful.  Love the area of Brooklyn Heights so close to the water front.  Would love to stay again. Miriam was very helpful and accommodating during our visit. The apartment was very clean and comfortable. Miriam welcomed us with some delicious cookies which we enjoyed very much after a tiring early morning flight. Highly recommend staying here if you are visiting NYC. Really had a great stay. Communication was excellent and we couldnt have asked for a better hostess. Cookies on arrival and snacks in the frig. Close to Citibike so we could ride the paths along the water which was only a couple of blocks away. Quiet neighborhood with cobblestone streets. Perfect NY experience. Miriam’s place is quite lovely and comfortable, and located in a nice Brooklyn neighborhood. Two subway stations a short walk away provide easy access to all of New York, especially Manhattan, which is only two stops away. There are cafes and services nearby, which is very convenient if you want to eat or need something. We very much enjoyed our stay and would happily stay there again. We stayed at this studio apartment for 4 nights and were very comfortable here.  It was modern and tastefully decorated and was in a quiet street, but only a few minutes walk from eateries, shops, laundromat and the Brooklyn Waterfront which had great views of Manhattan. Miriam was an excellent host - she kept us well informed and was very helpful in organising taxis to and from the airports.  On our first night we arrived to a plate of baked cookies which was very welcome after a long flight.  Miriam also provided some other little treats like fresh eggs, toiletries etc. We stayed here as a family of 4 with 2 sons aged 8 and 11 who slept on the sofa bed.  We were out most of the time so the studio apartment was fine for us, but if we had spent more time there during the day, we might have wanted a bit more room. All in all, we had a great experience and would be happy to stay here again. I rented this place for my parents so they could spend time with me and also be near my home. I live in this neighborhood and this location was perfect, one of my favorite streets in the neighborhood. Check in was smooth and we were greeted with fresh baked cookies. Upon arrival I was delighted to see that the studio surpassed my expectations. bathroom and kitchen looked updated, and Miriam took extra care to provide things like towels, lotions, toothbrushes, etc. Bed was very comfy and had extra pillows and comforters too! OH bathroom, had heated floors!!!  As far as the neighborhood and location, this was perfect. IT is witin walking distance of the waterfront, literally less than a 5 min walk. Also there is a great Italian restaurant right on the corner, and a deli across the street.  Would def recommend this place.  No complaints here.... very happy customer!!!! THanx Miriam!! Thank you I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at Miriams place. First time staying in Brooklyn, on business. The location is great, close to the waterfront, metro, shops and restaurants. Her place is stylishly decorated and the amenities are top notch. She even baked fresh cookies:) i was concerned about the space being too small but it was cozy and i did not feel cramped. i will definitely stay there again. We had a fantastic stay at Miriams place - very clean and modern, great bed and amazing location. Would highly recommend! We absolutely loved our stay at Miriams place. The neighborhood is quiet and safe with close access to the Metro for getting into the city. The apartment is adorable with nice furnishings and beautiful amenities. Miriam was excellent at communication and replied quickly whenever I had a question. To top it off, she had freshly baked cookies waiting for us when we arrived! Was brilliant Had a great stay at Miriams. Loved the cookies and flowers, nice shower gel and robes. Perfect Brooklyn location with access to everything. Miriam was a fantastic host; responsive, flexible and very easy to work with. When I come back to NY Ill stay again. Very nice, stylish, cozy and quite well equipped appartment in a typical brick house. Brooklyn Heights is a beautiful and quiet neighborhood and perfectly located. The host, Miriam, is very reactive responding to our requests and checking in and out was very easy. It was really pleasant to stay there for more than a week. I highly recommend the place. We stayed for 3 nights and absolutely loved it. The apartment is exactly what it looks like on the pictures: cozy little studio flat in a great area. Loads of nice places to shop or eat in walking distance. Would stay there again! The host was easy and nice to communicate with and welcomed us with cookies, nice touch! This apartment was perfect.  I arrived to fresh baked cookies waiting for me on the kitchen table with a welcome note from Miriam.  The apartment is decorated beautifully and she had every amenities I needed from free wifi to cable TV to bottled water. The street is charming with restaurants and shops across the way and it was also very quite.  I definitely would stay there again! We had the most wonderful stay at Miriam’s!   Communication was so smooth and check in was super easy.  The location of the apartment was absolutely perfect… cobblestone street, very quiet, just a short walk to DUMBO and the pier, etc.   What really set the experience apart, though, were Miriam‘s personal touches: fresh baked cookies upon arrival, fresh flowers, coffee, snacks and breakfast food available.  Highly recommend! Miriam’s place is a wonderful spot for a couple to spend time in Brooklyn and NYC.  Very comfortable and complete to provide a relaxing stay! Miriams place is in a great location - just a couple blocks from the Brooklyn Bridge Park (along the waterfront - with a great walk to the Bridge) and also close to many great restaurants & cafes.  Youll even find one just across the street, another on the corner, plus a small grocery that covers the basics you might need.  But if thats not enough, the apt. was already pre-stocked with snacks and some breakfasts options (eggs, milk, cereal, coffee).  She had all the necessary items covered.  We really enjoyed staying at Miriams place in the Brooklyn Heights neighborhood, and plan to return! My friends & I loved our stay here! The apartment is in a quieter neighborhood but is still within walking distance to restaurants, shopping, and transit. The space is roomier than I first initially thought after seeing pictures online & I would definitely stay here again! (: Miriams place is so cute and perfectly located in Brooklyn Heights.  I loved all of it and cant wait to return on my next visit.  Highly recommended! Miriams apartment is even better than advertised.  The location is fabulous and on a lovely street.  I cant wait to visit again. We were very happy with our stay. The b&b was clean & comfortable, with enough amenities to make our stay pleasurable  (chocolate chip cookies were good). The neighborhood is wonderful. This block has everything you want, restaurant, grocery store etc, & it’s a pretty block as well. For sure we will stay here again. I stayed in Miriams studio apartment while in town for work. Its in a lovely neighbourhood with easy access to the subway to Manhattan. The flat itself is lovely and has everything you need! We found this apartment smartly decorated and located in a perfect neighborhood. Miriam couldnt have been easier to coordinate with and very thoughtfully left us cookies as a welcome. The apartment was perfect for our stay. Miriam was extremely helpful and responsive! Cute, tiny studio in a great location! The cookies were a nice touch as well. Nice bathroom with a clean tub + awesome water pressure! Miriam was also very nice and responsive, but I never really bothered her for anything. Quick subway ride to Manhattan. Also pretty close to the Brooklyn Bridge! The apartment was beautifully kept and comfortable. I hope to use it for all my guests that visit! Exceptional. Loved everything about it! Would definitely stay here again. Bonne adresse pour visiter Brooklyn et Manhattan The apt is well-decorated and the neighborhood is residential while walkable! Highly recommended! Great apartment in an excellent location. And Miriam is a terrific host! Miriams place is fantastic. I had a great experience there for the long rainy and cold weekend, in town visiting old friends. First off, the place is very clean and modern, exposed brick, and comfortable bed. As other guests noted, Miriam goes the extra step with a personalized welcome sign, baked cookies, coffee, and snacks. Really great arriving there middle of the night and not wanting to have to plan for the next morning. The place was warm, stylish and very New York.   Its also a perfect location. In Brooklyn Heights, close to the train, promenade, the new waterfront parks, and Boerum Hill/Carroll Gardens. I recommend the middle eastern restaurant for middle of the night Shwarma. Bars open on Atlantic a block away late night. I was looking for a brunch spot to meet up with a friend and wrote Miriam, who responded quickly with a great recommendation exactly to my specifications (Carroll Gardens, good food, not a long wait even during prime time). I would highly recommend staying here, and will do it again myself if I have the chance. I had a great experience!  Miriam, was very awesome and I highly recommend staying in this studio.  :) Great Studio ..great spot .. excellent accommodation .. safe (Website hidden by Airbnb) traveller from Australia we found it superb ..Loved New York too ..what a city .. studio is well located too ..nice cafe down the road ..laundromat .. not a long walk to train ... trendy area ..overall we had great time and the studio was terrific I highly recommend this apartment.  The apartment and the amenities were better than I expected.  Its in a great location of BK Heights with easy access to transit and BK Bridge Park.  I cannot say enough great things about this apartment.  Any place that has fresh cookies waiting for you upon arrival is a place you need to be.  Miriam was extremely responsive and accommodating.  I look forward to staying here again.  This was my first time staying at an Airbnb and the bar was set extremely high.  Thanks, Miriam! This is a great place. Easy walk to 3 subways. Beautiful brownstone neighborhood. Loads of shops, restaurants and parks nearby. Easy to check in and out. Safe. Clean. Very cool. Everything you need for one person. Loved it, would definitely stay there again. Oh and the bath was great - hot, fast to run, bright bathroom. Wonderfully relaxing. Perfect space for someone exploring Brooklyn or Manhattan. Lots of close restaurants and amenities.  We will stay here again."	1
233	"Juliet was very caring and helped us with all sorts of tips and assistance.  Her apartment was in a very pleasant and easy to reach by public transport area. Highly recommend!! We really enjoyed our stay at julliets appartement! When we arrived, she invited us for a coffee and we felt very welcomed! The appartement was clean, cozy and very quiet at night. The neighbourhood is safe, close to a nice park and near subways stations to go in Manathan(40 min). I really recommend this place, I would go back anytime !  Bon contact, Juliet nous a donné les clés, mais nétait pas présente dans lappartement. Appartement agréable dans joli quartier. Nous avions une chambre et accès à la salle de bains et à la cuisine/salon.  Good contact, Juliet gave us the keys, but she left us the apartment. The flat is really nice in a cute neighbourhood. We had a room with a double bed to ourselves and access to all the common parts.  I enjoyed my stay, great host It was our first airbnb experience so we were a little worried with our first stay. However, Juliet was really friendly and welcoming. She helped us out when needed and also gave us recommendations on where to eat and where to go. The apartment was easy to locate and also pretty near the subway to Manhattan. We also loved that that the neighbourhood was quiet. We really had a great experience! The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. My partner and I booked Juliets place for a week, however, we ended up checking out early because we felt uncomfortable for numerous reasons. 1) Upon booking this private room, we were under the impression that Juliet would not be there all day because she stated that she works in Manhattan and would only be there during the nights and weekends. When we arrived, Juliet had her belongings in the living room and informed me that she would be leaving ""early in the week and go to her parents house in jersey"", but she never did, which made it super uncomfortable for my partner and I because we had to walk past Juliet sleeping/sitting on the couch to enter/exit the apartment, which mean we didnt feel comfortable coming or going late or night because we didnt want to wake her. (She was literally sleeping a foot away from the door) Thus, we stayed confined to the bedroom until we checked out early. 2) Juliet advertised her apartment as a smoking apartment, however, when my girlfriend and I started smoking, she passive aggressively complained to my partner (not via Airbnb, but as my partner left the room to use the bathroom) She said her neighbors complained about the smoke, but she has no neighbors as her brownstone is still under renovation and she is the only tenant residing there. So she basically lied, which is unacceptable. My advice to other hosts is, inform potential guests if your apartment is only tobacco friendly or 420 friendly. Overall, it was weird. We wouldnt recommend. Juliet and her roommate Karma were very welcoming hosts.  they helped us and gave useful informations.  very comfortable bed in a safe and nice area in brooklyn close to subway, bus and supermarkets.  during our stay,  Juliet slept in the living room,  but it was no Problem for us because she was very obliging.  We would warmly recommend juliet,  karma and their Apartment.  Thank you Thanks Juliet, we had a great time! Your appartement was really nice and your room was comfortable. We liked that your place was close of two train stations. We loved Brooklyn, especially Bushwick! "	0
234	"What a nice, spacious apartment in beautiful Harlem! We stayed here with our young daughter for a celebratory birthday weekend in New York. Brandi even baked our daughter a birthday cake and left it in the apartment for us. We enjoyed exploring the neighborhood on daytime and evening walks, and it was easy to get everywhere we wanted to go. We got in touch with Brandi in a kind of emergency and she was very helpful, understanding and flexible!   The apt is just like the pictures and we do confirm for the main bed: 3 could easily sleep in. A/C works well in each room. We did enjoy the ""lying"" chairs!   The neighborhood is nice as she says. If you sleep during the day, the noise from outside could disturb you but not so much.   Public transportation accessible (subways B and D on 155th or bus M10). It is a nice place to stay in NYC and discover the real Harlem at the same time! Brandi was easily accessible via message or text.  She my many questions before the trip and her fiance was available for anything we needed during our stay.  I definitely give them an A+++ for communication.     The apartment is as pictured and is very large for NYC.  There was plenty of space for our group to spread out at night and privacy for everyone.  The living room is great for watching tv and relaxing at the end of a long day in the city.  The bedrooms are also large and have real beds.  The bed linens could use some updating - the sheets would not stay on the king bed.  The bathroom was good - fantastic water pressure in the shower, and soft towels.      My only complaint about the apartment was the amount of personal belongings left around the apartment - especially the bathroom.  It was hard to really get comfortable or unpack because of the amount of ""things"" in the unit.  It would be nice to have a closet space or empty drawer in each bedroom.  There were shoes on the floor, personal papers left out and a fridge full of food/leftovers.     The building and unit are both very secure.  We didnt hear any noise from the neighbors, which was nice.  There is, however, a lot of noise outside.  Saturday night there was a large, loud party across the street.. and during the day the bus and other traffic starts early.  (Probably to be expected ANYWHERE in the city.)  If youre a light sleeper, this could be bothersome.    We did not explore the neighborhood much, but did utilize the easy access to the subways.  There are several stores nearby for groceries or other personal items, but no restaurants in the few blocks around the unit.    All in all, it was a great experience.  I would definitely recommend Brandis unit to anyone traveling to NYC with a group of people.  We had a great time and she was so helpful!  :) Clean and warm, I love it. Brandi put us up last minute, the whole process was very fast and easy. We were greated by a warm welcome and received the wifi instructions before we even arrived by email. The house was lovely and spacious, it had a homely feeling. The neighbourhood was polite and there was shops conveniently located as well as a subway a few blocks down. If I came back to New York I would love to stay at Brandis place again. Brandi is amazing! We flew in very late at night and she was there to welcome us and her wonderful fiance helped bring our bags up the couple of flights of stairs. Her apartment is warm and chic and right in the heart of Harlem. I am coming from a very different, much less diverse place, (Bloomington, IL), and I found this neighborhood absolutely incredible. My girlfriends and I felt very safe walking around even at night. I even went to a couple of the delis alone around 10pm and I had no problems at all. There are also cabs everywhere and 5 delis - many open 24 hours a day within a 1-minute walk on her block.     We were here for a Capoeira Angola conference, so we stayed 5 days in the neighborhood. The words vibrant and energetic definitely describe it well! Logistics - we flew in to LGA airport and it took around 20 minutes there and back but we didnt have a lot of traffic to contend with. The cost to and from the airport was around $30 for cab, but maybe its more during rush hours.    The apt had plenty of room, the king bed slept two, the queen also could have slept two. Theres a giant full-sized mirror in one of the rooms which was extremely useful for us! I want one just like it in my home! The couch is enormous and could sleep two. The kitchen was stocked - but no microwave, be warned (who needs one?). The facilities in the bathroom were clean. This is an older building so its got a lot of charm; dont expect a pristine newly-cleansed, sterile, hotel-like environment. People have lived here and youre being welcomed into it.    Around the building there was sometimes garbage on the streets; this is an old building in a historical part of the city so theres going to be some bugs around, but we hardly saw anything in the house. Im especially freaked out about bed bugs and we saw absolutely NO evidence of them.     We had the pleasure of meeting Brandis little brother who I ended up hugging after a 10-minute discussion of our lives and the neighborhood. What an incredible, warm family. I look forward to staying here again next time I am in town. Ive been to New York City - and Manhattan - numerous times, and was never really that enamored of the city, but I have now finally fallen in love with Harlem.     (final note: This is my first AirBnB experience and Im looking forward to many more.) Great place  The apartment  was clean and perfect for our needs. There were fresh towels, cable tv and fast wifi. Brandi met us on the first day and showed us around. She was very nice.  She responded to our requests rapidly.  Overall I would recommend her place to others. The place was nice and spacious. We had a last minute booking and Brandi was more than welcome to accommodate us during our stay. Her fiancé is pleasant and helped us with anything we needed. The place is a minute from the station which is convenient to travel to downtown Nyc. Cleanliness was good and have a cozy queen size mattress. It was a bit noisy at night, but that is anywhere in New York if you are usual light sleeper.  Brandis place was clean and she was very good with communication. As others mentioned, it is noisy outside due to being on a busy street.  The listing was accurate to the pictures and the description of the location.  It has great proximity to the subway, which is all you need to get around.  Its about a 35 minute walk to the heart of Harlem (125th St area).  As other reviewers have mentioned, it can get a bit noisy, especially the street underneath the master bedroom.  Brandi was very courteous and prompt with responding to us when the first wifi password would not work.  She also worked with us when my flight was delayed for hours, and allowed the other guests (my sister, mom, etc); to meet her and check in ahead of me.  Overall, it was a good experience, and gave us the opportunity to explore Harlem and the rest of Manhattan.  Wir hatten einen tollen Aufenthalt in Harlem und eine Wahnsinns Woche in NY mit guten Verbindungen nach Manhattan. Das Appartment war jetzt nicht wirklich steril sauber, aber da dies unsere 1. Airbnb Erfahrung war, haben wir natürlich keinen Vergleich, und vielleicht sind wir als Europäer einen anderen Standard gewohnt, aber es ist gewöhnungsbedürftig. Natürlich ist der Preis ganz gut und man darf sich kein Luxushotel erwarten. Unser Host war super freundlich und war jederzeit für Fragen oder Infos verfügbar.  Wir waren 5 Mädels und haben uns zu keiner Tageszeit unwohl oder unsicher gefühlt. Very nice apartment close to metro and supermarket. Big screen TV and big sofa  logement très bruyant car situé à l angle de la rue avec des feux tricolore avec un bar au rez de chaussé de limmeuble et les consommateurs ne se   gênent pas pour faire du bruit sous vos fenêtres.donc des nuits courtes  même avec  des boules quies . The host canceled this reservation 6 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Brandi was very helpful and accommodating with helping me and a friend check in at separate times. She made sure we had everything we needed and was always available if we had any questions. If you like a lively community this is definitely the place to stay! The pictures are accurate and I was very happy that Brandi was able to accommodate us for the time she did. We had a horrible experience with a fraudulent listing and were able to book this for 5 weeks at the very last minute. However I would not voluntarily stay here again. Its mainly about the location. We were able to buy hangers, towels, linens and various other things to make our stay more comfortable for not much. (I intended to leave them for future guests but we we had to leave early we took most of the stuff with is just in case the next place needed an upgrade which it didnt, ow well. The problem with the location is that there just isnt really anything in the area although it does have a couple of subway options there were a lot of disruptions with service while we were there. There arent any restaurants or bars that I was interested in visiting a second time. There is a liquor store but I wasnt used to having everything behind plexiglas so that most of the product you couldnt get closer than 6 feet. Browsing wasnt really much of an options it seemed the customers came in and knew what they wanted so the cashier could grab it and get you on your way. There are some grocery stores that I used in the area but I have a pet peeve when they dont feel a need to price items. A new Whole foods opened at 125th at the end of my stay and in visiting I saw marked items there that I know I paid more at area places. Not everything but some basic things. There are young men who ride dirt bikes and ATVs up and down the street in the evening. The unmuffled exhaust making quite a racket with the open windows. I know most of this is picky but the final straw was the people. I an older adult man had no trouble and I never felt unsafe but my 18 year old daughter who was coming and going as she was visiting visiting NY attractions during the days when I would be working had issues. Men were regularly harassing her, making lude comments even to the point of an adult man inside the building telling her he would like to see her sometime and another incident where a man followed her almost all the way from the subway making unwelcome comments and suggestions. There was no issue when we were together only when she was alone. She had no issues with the same exact activities and dress in Seattle a year earlier when we made a similar type of trip. There was a large consistent police presence on a regular basis (not as much as a recent trip to Bogota Columbia but more than I am used to seeing in the US. As many as 20 officers on some evenings between the apt and the subway... Rochelle was great and the place worked perfectly for what we were looking for! "	0
235	"If you guys are looking for some perfect place  to stay during your trip, this is it! The owner was super nice and intelligent. He made his home perfect for everyone, and this project is his own creation, so its kind of reflection of himself, and trust (Website hidden by Airbnb) a perfect and unique reflection. So if you are still thinking about it, stop, and choose this place. Have fun guys, and have a good trip) Excellent place, and Gabriel is a great host. He saved me a parking spot on the street right in front of his house and then even parallel-parked my car for me because I couldnt fit it in myself ))) The apartment is beautifully remodeled with all ""bells and whistles"" like rain shower head in the bathroom ceiling, or awesome gas stove better than what you can find at a restaurant kitchen. The bedding felt extremely comfortable, I loved the duvet cover, Im going to buy one just like that for myself now )) Id stay there again and would recommend to anyone too.  Gabe was a great host, accommodating to our schedule regardless of how late at night we arrived to check us in. The space is huge with two bedrooms and high ceilings! It has great potential but I have to be honest, it was still undergoing renovations at the time of our stay. We didnt mind since it was just for a night to sleep, but its something to be aware of if you plan to spend a lot of time at the Airbnb. There was also no gas for hot water but that was expected as it was noted in the listing. Otherwise, it was totally worth it for the quality of the space and cost!  Comfy bed, Walkable to train to get into the city, Gabe was very personable and helpful, always available if needed. Free street parking is available.  Lovely clean apartment, great location, comfortable beds, helpful and friendly host who made sure our stay was as good as possible. Cant really ask for more! Gabriels place was very clean and had an upscale feel to it. The apartment was a great size, the ceilings we high and had a lot of natural light. All the appliances were up-to-date and the temperature was easy to adjust. The location was a bit secluded, but good restaurants, shops and the park was close by and in walking distance. Gabriel was very helpful and accommodating host. Im glad to have stayed here!  Gabriels place was amazing for the two nights that we stayed. He went above and beyond with all of our needs and even got us some amazing donuts that Im sure you can only get in NY since they were invented in the city. His place is definitely technologically advanced with Bluetooth speakers on the ceiling and heated bathroom floors. Its the little details that go a long way. It was my first time in NY and definitely wont be the last.  Gabriels place and location is good. To the subway station for 5 min. I didnt feel danger. He is great host, very kind,helpful.   Gabes place was exceptionally clean, modern, and spacious. It is a beautiful, light-filled space with many thoughtful touches - heated floors, bluetooth speakers, and a fully equipped kitchen.  Gabe was a very gracious and personable host, giving us plenty of tips on visiting the surrounding area and getting around NYC (he even provided us with a map!) We were greeted by bowls of candy, and drinks in the fridge, which was a pretty thoughtful touch. Would definitely recommend staying at Gabes.   We had a perfect stay at Gabriels apartment! Our son (3 years old) really enjoyed it as well. The apartment was really beautiful, sunfilled with high ceilings and quite carefully refurbished. The Best AirBnb we stayed!  Gabe was great and his place was perfect for our Brooklyn stay. Would definitely recommend and stay again. It is located in Bushwick. Host and the house was perfect. I really loved the interior and all the stuff in the house and you can see how Gabe cared about all the details of the design and stuff in the house. He was so nice and friendly. I loved the place where he recommended and I really enjoyed my staying. Beautiful and welcoming place in colourful surroundings. Gabriel is a great host and communicated with us well. His place is modern and roomy. The location is a short walk to J and L trains (although the L is going to stop service for updates sometime). The area is safe and the residents are friendly. We will stay there again next time we are in town.  The aprtment is spacious, even for 5 people (there is small coach in the living room), beds comfortable, kitchen full equipped, bathroom really modern. There are a lot of charging cables to iphones-helpful when we had only 2 for 3 people:). We could also connect to bluetooth and listen to music through big speakera above us. Gabriel was really kind to us. We enjoyed our stay and will be back for sure! Excellent host! Excellent location! Will definitely rent with Gabriel again on my next visit to NYC! 5stars  Fantastic place in a great area. Close to the metro and no more than 15- 20 min. ride away from Manhatten. Easy to get around and supermarkets and pharmacys close by. The apartment is nicely decorated and suprisingly large. All ammenities is there and cold beers in the fridge. Well worth the price. Gabriel is a very good host and takes good care of the tenants. Communication was easy as the apartment is placed on top of Gabriels own apartment. Would stay here again.  Incredible stay at Gabes place! Our original host cancelled on us last minute- literally. We were thankful to have found Gabes beautiful town home in Brooklyn during the time of our stay. He was quick to respond and very very accommodating. Less than a 5 minute walk to get to the subway station. He recommended a pizza place called Robertas- very very good pizza. All I can say is that I wish we could have stayed longer. Will definitely be returning.  Confortable house and good guest support.  Bye Gabriel  Everything 5 stars! Communication with Gabe was great and when checking in he made sure to give a tour of the house! The house was perfect and 100% accurate. When sleeping at night it was completely quiet and peaceful! Would 100% stay here again!  Highly recommended! This place is next to a wonderful coffee shop and close to the subway, so it was a great base of operations for our NYC trip.  Gabe is very on top of communication and lives right downstairs, so we had great communication during our stay. Gabriels place was exactly as described very chic and modern decor. This place is a great place for those who want a more residential family friendly home! I was around tons of transportation groceries, delis  laundromats etc. Absolutely loved the home and its neighborhood. I would highly recommend Gabes place to anyone looking for a safe comfortable stay wanting to explore the city! We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Gabes place in Brooklyn. The apartment was immaculate and there was everything we could ever need from pots and pans to toiletries, games, and even cold beer in the fridge! Gabe lives in the apartment downstairs, so he was easily accessible if needed. He stayed in touch throughout our stay and made sure to answer any questions we had. He was able to give us superb recommendations on nearby places to eat and how to navigate to the subway. Gabes place was about a 45 minute subway ride to and from the city, which was perfect for us. We were able to visit and experience the hustle and bustle of the city during the day knowing that we had a peaceful, quiet apartment to come back to at night. We hope to be back again someday, especially since we got engaged while we were here! Gabriel is an absolute pleasure. I cannot recommend his place or him enough. Even before the moment we stepped foot in his door, the communication with Gabe was great! He made sure to personalize the board with all of our names and met us personally to explain everything. Our purpose for the trip was mainly in Williamsburg, but he was full of information on ways to get in and out of the city. He even had multiple maps for us to use! On top of that, he was readily available for any additional questions we had via text or phone call.  His house was immediately organized and a lot of things were labeled so we knew where and what drawers were meant for what items. I think the best aspect of his place was his Canteen. His canteen had typical items such as toothbrushes, floss, and even medication that we could grab with $0.50 donations. This absolutely won me over because there are so many times that we can forget simple things such as toothbrushes, or that we need something to relieve our headaches.  In addition to his canteen, his refrigerator was filled with a variety of craft beers that we could take with a small donation! Honestly, this place felt like home.  His place was beautiful and constantly being renovated. It was spacious for 3 people and the Bluetooth ceiling speakers were so great, it felt like a surround sound system. We didnt use the tv as much, since we were out often, but the availability of Hulu and Netflix was greatly appreciated as well.  Honestly, my friends and I feel like our Airbnb standards were raised with his place. If we need to stay in Brooklyn again, we are definitely looking at Gabes place. Such a great experience! This apartment is fantastic. It feels really spacious for a two bed. Its stylish and comfortable. It was really clean and Gabriel was a really thoughtful host in so many ways, including kitting the place out with anything you might need. The location is fantastic as the transport options are plentiful.   Overall Gabe was considerate and the apartment was lovely. Wouldnt hesitate to recommend. Wonderful host! Very accommodating and his place is as pictured, plus other great surprises! Would definitely book again! This apartment is exactly how it appears in the pictures! Clean, comfortable and well decorated. After walking around in 90 degree city heat the cool AC was definitely welcomed! This apartment has everything you would need and if not there is a supermarket a 2 minute walk down the street. The subway is very close as well as a great little coffee shop called Little Skips. I would definitely stay at this location again when visiting friends in Bushwick. Gabriels house gives our stay in New York as feeling at home. The facilitys are great , the neighbourhood is great , and the communication with gabe was also good. The house was better as we aspected. So if you need a good house , in New York , and you do not mind taking the subway to Manhattan ( 20 min ) , and 5 minutes walk , this is one of you best choices Gabes place was absolutely amazing! Stayed there for two nights with my boyfriend and our friend.  The layout of the apartment having two separate bedrooms was perfect for the three of us. He had amazing amenities and pretty much anything you may need during your stay. He met us outside when we got there, gave us a tour and answered any questions we might have. He also gave us a map and recommendations of places to grab a bite to eat. Gabes place was very modern and exceptionally clean. Definitely would stay here again next time we come to Brooklyn. Excellent space and amenities. Works beautifully for two couples. Would happily stay again! Beautiful apartment with everything you need! Great place all around. Gabe is an amazingly hospitable host and has thought of everything a guest might need -- coffee, tea, wi-fi, Alexa, Roku, toothpaste, shampoo, hairdryer, map, etc., etc., etc.  The apartment is beautifully decorated and 2.5 short blocks to the J-train.  We wanted for nothing during our stay!  Well stay again our next trip to the city. Gabriel’s place is a nice, clean and private apartment. Gabriel has gone the extra mile to meet the needs of his guests and he kept in touch with us during our stay. I would definitely stay here again! The accommodation is beautiful, light, modern, comfortable and fully equipped for helping your stay be amazing. Conveniently located (2 blocks) from an MTA station that will take you into the city very quickly. Your host is a great guy who is super helpful and will help your stay be hassle free in any way he can. The space is very cool and contemporary and the neighborhood in keeping with New York’s ever evolving sensibility. Our stay was amazing and the Airbnb helped majorly. Thank you so much! We loved our stay in Gabes apartment. In many ways it is apparent this project is his ""baby"", what with all the attention to detail, the speedy communication et c.  * Inside, I would say it looks even better than in the photos. * The area is quite ""genuine"" Brooklyn but not bad (the street itself is pretty nice & quiet). * Some nice quick food options in the neighborhood, and we also liked that its a fairly short walk to a few different subway lines.  We hope to be back some day! Gabriel is a great host and has an amazing place. Theres a near by train and lots little stores, I highly recommend staying here.   Thanks again Gabriel Gabe was an exceptional host and his space was truly amazing - what a wonderful way to be in Bushwick and explore the city. The flat was exceptional - a really beautiful, stylish , comfortable space . The thoughtfulness of Gabe was everywhere in the flat - so many small and brilliant touches . Gabe ‘s communication was brilliant and we loved meeting him and having the chance to hear more about him , the flat and the area. Truly delighted to have had the opportunity to be here ! I stayed at this house with my husband and son for two weeks. It was so convenient, clean and safe to stay, located near a subway station and a big store. Most of all, the host Gabriel is very helpful and ready to meet your needs. Basic necessaries are so well-prepared that you do not need to bring or buy them personally.  The place was pleasant to stay and we were quite satisfied with it. We were pleasantly surprised by how stylish, thoughtful and comfortable Gabes space is. He was also super communicative and flexible as we were navigating there to check in. Definitely worth checking out and would book there again! Gabriel is extremely accommodating as he aims to give his guests a top of the notch experience in his home. The place is beautiful & decorated in such creative, thoughtful ways; not to mention how incredibly stocked it is!  From crayons & games to kitchen utensils & toiletries - Gabriels home has literally everything you would ever need! He is very welcoming & fantastic with communication. I would most definitely stay here again! A lot of space, nice and design, very well equiped, confortable beds and pillows, quiet, well located near 3 major subway lines. Gabriel is always there to help, doing all his best for his guests. I higly recommend this flat ! Best Airbnb I’ve stayed in thus far! Will definitely look into staying at Gabe’s spot whenever I go to NYC again! Gabriel was super accommodating and and his place was gorgeous! We/I would totally stay again. Thanks for such a great and comfortable time! we had a great time in Gabe’s place.  Everything was as described, the place has a personal stylish touch and has everything you need to feel at home. This gem is a steal!  Wonderful appointments give it an artsy feel, with fun details igniting the imagination. Our only regret was not having budgeted any time to hang out in our weekend abode, working through the creative opportunities planted there for us. Thank you, Gabe — you’ve made a really special place. We had a lovely time at Gabriels. A beautiful apartment with a great location and Gabriel was helpful and responsive. Highly recommended!"	1
236	"My stay at Robbie’s apartment was great - super clean and beautifully decorated (replete with vintage Edison bulbs - very Brooklyn). Robbie was an excellent  and responsive host. Really close to the subway station, so it was a great jumping off point for sight seeing. And it felt great to return to his quiet and calming apartment after a hectic day out. Its the perfect place to unwind. Thanks for sharing your home! My girlfriend and I stayed here one night.  It was exactly what we were looking for: clean, quiet, comfortable, and cheap.  Robbie was a great host and very quick to reply to our texts.  We found parking right in front of the building, and its 100 ft from a Citi bike station.  Would stay here again! No complaints here. Robbie was a great host and very responsive. The place was clean and comfortable, just like the pictures, and right by the subway. Really cool, modern design too. Definitely recommended, especially for the price! Robbie was a very nice host. Answered our text messages fast and was always available if we had any questions. Very nice apartment, just like in the pictures- clean, calm and safe neighborhood. Less than 5 min. walk to get to the metro.  Street parking was very easy, we were able to park right in front of Robbies place and only had to move the car once during our stay. Would definitely recommend and stay there again.  Thanks Robbie! The Astro Lab is fantastic. If you appreciate good taste in design, finishes & unique products then you will love Robbies place. Located really close to the subway and with great coffee nearby, I was extremely happy in this part of Brooklyn. The guest room is clean, large with a super comfortable and cosy bed and Robbie is not only a great host but a great & very cool guy in general. I really enjoyed my stay, would highly recommend it to anyone and happily return.  It is a very nice tidy apartment. Robbie puts a lot of effort in designing it so it feels like you live in some cool artsy place. The neighborhood is ok, t-station is very close which is super convenient. The walls are very thin and you can here every sound your neighbors make as well as the host. The apartment has everything in case you wanna cook and large fridge as well. There could be a problem for me to get to the apartment because Robbie had to leave for a few hours and I would have to wait for him somewhere but I landed earlier than expected and everything worked out. Overall it was good experience but I would stay there longer than 3 days. The apartment is located very close to a subway stop with 30 minutes to almost every major site in NYC, and there are some nice cafes just around the corner. The apartment is tidy, and the room is really nice. Definitely worth the money. Robbie also created a great handbook while we were there, and whilst we could not benefit from it anymore, I believe that other guests will definitely will find it very useful.    Unfortunately, the apartment seems to have walls thin as paper: Robbie was concerned about one of us snoring during the first night (we Europeans are not really used to sleeping with air conditioning, and jet lag does not help either), and we also woke up every time Robbie came home or assembled something. I bought snore stripes, and we really tried to be as quit as possible but we did not have the impression that our host was as considerate as we tried to be.    Overall, as said above, it is definitely worth the money.   Robbie is very friendly ! His apartment looks so beautiful and very clean !   I recommend it !  Gracious host! Robbie was flexible in accommodating our arrival/departure. A clean and accessible place to stay! Would highly recommend! Wonderful host. Always responds when needed and very helpful. Gave great directions on what trains to use and the most convenient stop to get off.  He had great suggestions on places to eat and see. Apartment is very clean and beautiful. You can see the subway station when you walk out the door.  Endroit bien situé   On entre dans un appartement très charmant avec tout un concept autour des étoiles, de la musique et du bon goût   Robbie a le sens du détail, la décoration est travaillée   Cest propre, un petit livret daccueil vous attend   Jai aimé: son petit côté hipster, un brin arti, son amour des haricots verts et de la musique ;-)  Je recommande :) Robbie nous a bien accueilli, et par la suite a été peu bavard. Le logement était tout à fait conforme à la description qui en avait été faite, il était calme et clair. La proximité du métro et des commerces était très pratique.  Nous regrettons juste de ne pas avoir pu dire au revoir à Robbie, car il est parti le matin avant nous alors que nous étions déjà réveillés. Located just few minutes walk from a metro stop, youll find your self a very cozy ""home"" and a very interesting host.  Everything was as expected! Clean room, easygoing host and a perfect location for exploring Brooklyn!   Robbie did an excellent job in trying to make our stay of four people as smooth as possible. He provided us with an air mattress in order to fit all. The apartment was very clean and cute, just like in the pictures. Robbie was available pretty much whenever we needed something. The location was a bit too far for our stay, however, we made it work using the subway to get anywhere. Id highly recommend this listing, Robbie is very friendly and if youre lucky enough hell even play you some of his music. :) We had a great time at Robbies place. The communication before and during our stay was very good. It was realy like living in Brooklyn with an great roommate (and his good taste of music). We recommed this place and will choose it again. Robbie was a friendly guy, who tried to make our stay as comfortable as he could. The space was very clean and tidy.  Would stay there again although its about 45 minutes by subway to most major sights in Manhattan. To stay with Robbie was great! We had a really good time in NYC and he was really helpful with a lot of information about the neighbourhood and the city itself. Robbie is a really nice guy and the communication prior to our arrival was perfect! I can definteley recommend staying with him! We had a good time at Robbies place- its easily to get the metroline and to explore from there the town. Robbie is also an easy-going guy, which always like to have a chat. Great stay at an immaculate and elegantly decorated apartment - Robbies place had everything that we needed, it was like a small private hotel. Easy to check in and out. Thank you Robbie. Robbie is a great host and the astrolab a great place. The situation is perfect just near the Subway and the neighbourhood is fine. I highy recommand this place for n Airbnb destination. Astro Lab exceeded my expectations in the best ways possible. Its right across the street from the G. The place is super safe, tidy, and comfortable.  - I found it unexpectedly quiet and restorative!  A helpful guestbook on the night stand lays out everything you need to know, and yet you still sense that overall, Robbie (who I was not able to meet) is an easygoing and understanding host.   I would certainly recommend his place, and hope to stay there again in the future! Super séjour chez Robbie, lappartement est très bien situé, très proche du métro et le quartier est idéal pour dormir à NYC (cest calme).     Il y aussi une super terrasse sur le toit qui offre une magnifique vue sur Manhattan (je ne suis pas sur que ce soit accessible à lannée mais on a eu la chance de pouvoir y aller faire un tour) Robbie was a correct host  I was for ten days and I saw Robbie few times but he was friendly.  I saw Robbie few times because I was visiting Manhattan most of the time and I only was on the apartment to sleep and little more.  The apartment was clean, tidy and near the metro station.  It was the first time I have booked on Airbnb and the experiencie was so good. It was a great pleasure to get to know Robbie because we really enjoyed our stay. His apartment is a really cool place, which made us feeling at home. Robbie was very nice and available for everything we needed, a perfect flatmate. It was beyond my expectations. Fantastic Jesteśmy bardzo zadowoleni z pobytu w Astro Lab. Miejsce było zgodne z opisem a Robbie był bardzo uprzejmy i chętnie odpowiadał na nasze pytania. Szczerze polecamy :) Robbie was very kind with us! The place is very clean and nice... pictures shows really how the place is! The neighborhood is very safe and quiet, with subway a few steps. Highly recommended!!!  Our stay with Robbie was great, his place was very clean and beyond what we expected.  The location is great, very nice and clean place, highly recommended! Great place! Loved the decor, felt at home. Very affordable. He was a great host. Would definitely  recommend The Astro Lab to anyone looking for a clean spot, and easy access to public transportation. Robbie is friendly, kind, and a fantastic musician!  This is my 2nd time staying with Robbie and its always a pleasure! Comfortable ,C (Phone number hidden by Airbnb) l ,and I love this place  Highly recommended   Great spot for a weekend trip and it was close to the G line which was very convenient.  Great host! Very nice person It was great to stay at Robbies home:) Great host, super nice apartment with good access to public transport  This place was right next to the G subway and a CitiBike spot. A short uber ride to nightlife in Williamsburg. Good brunch spots all around. Even thought it was fairly central, it was super quite to sleep at night at a pretty comfy bed. My boyfriend and I enjoyed our stay here! Really nice place in an up and coming neighborhood. Robbie was very easy to contact and had great suggestions for local food options! Great place Robbie was a great and accommodating host!  Robbie was so friendly and nice, and he gave us a lot of recommendations of what to do and visit. The place was very clean and cozy with the subway near by. I would definitely stay there again.  Good place for people looking to have a stay in nyc especially for a couple days. Great location, right off the G. Definitely a nice spot if you want easy access to Manhattan without paying Manhattan prices.  Robbie is a very nice host, he gave us some advices and he took care for us! I recommend this Airbnb, not so far to NYC attractive places, calm and clean. Robbie have a great place, very close to the metro station and plenty of things to do around in Brooklyn. He was very nice and helpful providing great tips to do things around. Thanks Robbie !   Robbies place was exactly as described. The room was comfortable and clean. And its really close to public transportation. Robbies place was a perfect home base for my weekend in Brooklyn! A flexible check-in, straightforward instructions, and great communication all helped make my visit go smoothly. Robbie was super nice and accommodating, and was really helpful in making my first visit to NYC a great one. I would gladly stay again, and definitely recommend this listing to anyone visiting the city on a budget.  We stayed a few nights at Robbies stylish apartment in Brooklyn and had a nice visit. His apartment is steps from the G train, convenient for exploring the rest of Brooklyn. He provided many local recommendations and was very professional, kind, and flexible during check in. Great experience and communication.  Clean, Tidy, Organized.  Comfy bed.  The AC saved my life in the 90+ degree heat wave. No complaints....  A really nice guy and the place is great! Spacious and clean. Its so close to main Metro lines too so its easy to get around and to NYC.  The walls between your room and his/studio is kind of thin though so if hes working or if that bothers you might be something to consider but was never really an issue through my stay.   뉴욕 중심부까지 20-40분 내외로 이동가능하고 숙소 근처에 좋은 cafe, bar 가 많이 있습니다. 안전하고 편안하게 여행을 보낼 수 있었습니다.  Easy Check-in and check-out. The apartment has AC which is nice and it is updated. I had minimal interaction with the host because I was gone most of the time due to a workshop I was attending, but for the most part it went well.  I drove and had no issues finding street parking so that was not a problem. The apartment is right across from the G-line subway. One thing to keep in mind is that currently this subway stops running after 10pm to the Mrytle Ave. stop because it is under construction. But you can get off at the one after and it is only about a 10min walk.  The room was amazing. Overall great stay. Robbie was understanding with us as this was our first time doing AirBnB. Would recommend as a place to stay! The Astro Lounge is the place to be. Walking distance from all forms of transportation ( subway bus and citibike ). Its clean well maintained with a.c. and a balcony! Robbie the host is a fantastic person and a wonderful host. He did not pay me to say this my stay was really that good!!! I had a great stay. The location was great with being in the middle of where I wanted to be and super close to the subway. The apartment was clean and modern and the bed was nice and comfortable. Great place and wonderful host! Robbie was a very welcoming and helpful host! He respected my privacy and I felt very comfortable staying at his place. He was also very happy to have a chat and give any advice. Its super close to the G train and the room was quiet and air conditioned so no heatwave or new york traffic keeping you up! We stayed two nights at Robbies place. The room was excellent, very clean and the overall apartment was very beautiful!  Very close to subway and very easy to access to all the interest points. Just a little bit difficult to park the car due to some parking rules in the streets. The communication with Robbie was easy. We nevertheless did not talk a lot to Robbie as we were visiting NYC the all days. Thank you for sharing some bacons with maple syrup slices with us :) ! Not so good Its a really great place to stay! Nice, clean and delightful. The transportation is easy to reach. The apartment was as described, room and bed were comfortable with a nice balcony. The apartment is close to the subway station and a Citi bike dock so that was convenient. Check-in and check-out was easy to arrange. Good place, good guy, good neighborhood, no reason not to boom Robbie was kind, and amazingly thoughtful. He has a guide in the room which tells you how to get around the area, including places that he suggests in Brooklyn to hang out. The G train is less than a two-minute walk from the rental location, and it gives you access to everywhere you want to go in the city. If Im ever in New York again, I most certainly will stay again. Great spot, less than a minute walk to the G Train which connects you to trains going to Manhattan. Parking was easy to find on the street. The room is very spacious with a balcony. Super quick wifi, and comfortable desk to do work on. I highly recommend Robbie as a host and his place for anyone looking to travel to or work in New York. The appartement was right next to a metro station. It was a nice room with balcony in a two room appartement. You can use the kitchen. It was a nice home. Parking was okay. But you should move on special days between 8-9.30 am cause of cleaning. I wouldnt recommend New York City with the own car anyway. You also have to go over toll bridges to come to the appartement. We got the code fo the keybox shortly before. Cause we had no own internet access,  we had to search fo wlan. But everything worked out well. All together it was a good place to stay for a visit in New York City. Our plane was delayed, so we didnt arrive at Robbies until after 1am, but  Robbie was flexible in accommodating this. His apartment is on the 4th floor of a small apartment building (with a very fast elevator!)  that is located near the subway, bus stops, a drugstore and late night delis all within a block or two. Once we had arrived, we found the ""The Brooklyn Starscape"" to be very pleasant with modern furnishings, star-themed decorations and lighting, and light-colored hardwood floors. Everything was exceptionally clean and well-kept every day of our stay. Though not huge, the private guest room has its own deck that looks out over a lush courtyard landscape. The wi-fi  is extra fast with a broadband connection good enough for business email, (Hidden by Airbnb) , or watching videos over the Internet. (There is no TV.)  In the room is a special guide book, printed up by Robbie, with recommendations for the best local restaurant and attractions. This was our first time staying in Brooklyn rather than Manhattan, but we really enjoyed the unique ethnic restaurants and cultural attractions (including the Brooklyn Academy of Music a quick subway ride away.) Robbie is an excellent communicator and was quick to respond to all our questions either in person or via the AirBNB text message. Robbie was great! Was there to welcome me and was super-nice and laid back. Bed was super-comfy. Im used to city noise and the room was almost too quiet for me - great if you love the quiet, but I cracked the sliding door a little at night :) The balcony was small but a great view and really relaxing. Awesome spot! Very good experience. Robbie was nice. I had issues checking in but it was easily remedied, as he is flexible with times. He makes music so expect to hear it. The room is clean and the shower is a good size. Right near the train. Overall good stay. Robbie’s place is clean and well-decorated. It is really close to public transportation. A great Chinese restaurant locates next block. First air bnb experience and it was fine. I came to New York for an internship, to step out of my comfort zone for a moment, and stayed a few days extra to enjoy. Comfy bed (after walking 5 to 8 miles a day), about one block from the G train, wifi, no TV, kitchen has supplies to use for cooking (if you have an affinity for Bacon, this place will be up your alley) and cool light fixtures in the apartment.   Room is for regular Air BnB use. Area is definitely transitional, but I didnt spend too much time in the apt except to sleep as I spent most of my days and nights enjoying manhattan especially toward the end of my stay. If youre going to spend your time in Brooklyn specifically, this would probably be a good option for you. Robbies place is amazing. Robbie is a top lad, Arsenal fan, which definitely means he has taste, although this season hasnt been great. Anyway, couldnt recommend this place enough. Great host, easy to reach and very helpful!! Would definitely stay there again 여기는 진짜 역대급 깨끗해요 침구도 깔끔하고 모던한 인테리어가 돋보였어요. 주인의 배려가 진짜굿이었어요 냉장고에 물 커피 요거트 맥주 잇고 (저는 잘안먹엇지만) 여튼 배려 장난아닙니다 한가지단쩜은 방음이쫌 안되는거같아요 위층에서 쿵쿵대드라구요 Awesome location, nice bars steps away, couple of great places for breakfast and deli groceries. G train is 2 min walking. Easy connection with C, E, A trains to Manhattan. Nice place to stay for 2-3 days. Small and lacking privacy, unless you stay in your room, but okay overall. Robbie is an excellent guy. He is a very gracious host and he is a pleasure to be around. Really enjoyed my stay with him, would definitely recommend it! Thoroughly enjoyed my stay at Robbie’s apartment. The room was great, lots of space, clean and stylishly finished, like with whole apartment!   I was working in Brooklyn so having the subway practically on the doorstep was extremely handy and made getting around really easy!  I think I was extremely lucky to find such a great room/host for my first Airbnb experience and would definitely book again!"	1
237	"Christine was a great host and the space was very clean and in a good location! weve been well welcomed atChristines house who was a nice host. Well located appartement, very clean, the room was nice and she left some towels and shower gel which we thought was nice from her. the kitchen came furnished with plates, cups, ustensils...etc all we had to do was buying food. The area was nice and quiet. will recommend this place in brooklyn, we decided to come back next year. Whenever I had questions, her response was very quick, and she was very helpful overall. There were two other girls staying at different room, and they were also friendly. Overall, my friend and I enjoyed staying at her place! Thanks to Christine! Christine is a very nice and welcoming host!! I definitely recommend staying at her place if you get the chance. Fantastic place to stay. Very clean and roomy. Christine is fantastic stays out of your way but also goes out of her way to help if needed. A great experience overall and I would recommend Christines place in Bed-Stuy to everyone.  My experience in Christines place was amazing. The appartment is very well located -- close to the subway, easy to get to Manhattan and Williamsburg. Staying in Brooklyn was interesting because I could have a ""local"" experience, watching the routine of real new yorkers.     The place was good! Christine is a very good hostess, reachable all the time, always smiling! I booked the room for 3 nights, but ended up staying just one. The room was cold, with no heat and the windows did not close. I ended up losing my voice and with an asthma attack.  Nous avons passé un très bon séjour chez Christine. Nous avons été bien reçus et bien accueillis malgré notre heure tardive darrivée (vers minuit !) et tout le long du séjour Christine sest montrée disponible et attentionnée.  La chambre est claire et dispose de beaucoup de rangement. Une cuisine, un salon et une salle de bain partagés entre trois chambres complètent la prestation.  La maison est localisée dans un quartier calme de Brooklyn à 5 minutes du métro permettant de visiter New York en transports en commun.  On recommande ! Unfortunately, we didnt get the room we have booked. A few days before our stay we got informed that the room will be occupied during our stay and that we may stay in her sons room instead.   The neighborhood is okay. It was quite calm the first day excluded.  The reservation was canceled 26 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. My boyfriend and I had a great stay in Brooklyn NY from 02/06-09/06 The appartment was located in good distance from Manhattan, Queens, JFK and downtown Bklyn.The apartment have all the facilities you need and the neighborhood was fine. We had a fine communication with Christine in all matters. She is a nice, flexible and understanding host. So all in all a good stay!    BR Michael & Tanni The reservation was canceled 10 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The reservation was canceled 16 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The reservation was canceled 5 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. We had a very nice stay for 6 (Email hidden by Airbnb) pared to European standards it was a bit basic, but it was spacious, bright and we had very nice (Hidden by Airbnb) . There was a kitchen with everything necessary to cook and the little bathroom even had a bathtub. If we had any issues with the flat, Christine was always concerned to help us out.  The Neighbourhood is residental, the next Subway-Station is just 1,5 blocks away and there is also a supermarket and some cafes at Bedford Ave. If you are walking alone at night, you should be a bit careful, but the general feeling was quite save. Great location in BedStuy! Very nice apartment, good (Hidden by Airbnb) and Christine is always willing to help with anything!  Christine was a great host - kind, easily accessible, and helpful. The apartment is cute and clean, and includes all the necessities. We had a great time during our stay, and Christine made it all very easy for us. Christine is lovely and helped us with everything we needed!!  Our room was spacious with a comfy bed and heeps of storage space.  The apartment is clean and has everything you need.  The neighborhood is great, loads of local delis, cafes, restaurants and a sweet park just around the corner.  The subway is a couple of blocks up and the bus stops literally around the corner.   We recommend staying with Christine. Christine, was as expected, a great host. She gave us the instructions about the room and the apartment and if there would have been any problems its easy to get in touch with her.   The neighborhood was better than expected. The MRT is just a 5 min walk away, it takes you about 20 min to manhattan, 10 to Williamsburg, where you find plenty of bars and places to go out. I would highly recommend her place. Hello! Our experience in Cristines house was good! She and her husband are very diligent and attend quickly everything! The room was like we expect. The neighborhood was quite, sometimes in the weekend noise but not worries about that. The subway is near and take 45 min arrive to Manhattan. I recomend that place. The host canceled this reservation 7 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Nice place, good and affordable start point to explore New York! Christine is a quite busy person, so youll better be on time to check in properly! The host was excellent helped me on some questions I had. The house is perfectly described in the announcement , photos and text on the property reports exactly how the house . The neighborhood is very good, there metro stations within about three blocks away and is easily reached by bus. I felt great in the house certainly stay again .  Christine also thank her husband who welcomed me!  It was my WORST experience with airbnb at all. The living room have no AC so no one can stay on it during anytime. The area is not clean and Christine said that there is a cleaner who suppose to come every Sunday but I have never seen him. The kitchen was dirty and I saw a mouse once but Christine keep telling me that no mouses could come because she have a cat down stairs. The neighborhood wasnt that safe * especially at night * . And the location was 15-20 minutes to the metro station * so if you dont like to spend your whole trip while walking from an to the metro just select another place *. My room was so dirty when I arrived, it even have a bad smell as if some one died inside. So sad that I spent 3 months while living there but I couldnt cancel the reservation because the money wasnt refund. Christine was welcoming and helpful. The place was really clean, comfortable and felt like home. Had an amazing week here!!!!   Thank You Christine!!! The room and bed were fine.   Sejour un peu décevant ! Nous navons pas eu la chambre décrite. Nous nétions donc pas au 3 étage mais au rdc. Christine na pas dénié nous en tenir informé pourtant nous avions réservé cette chambre 4 mois à lavance ! Le jour de notre arrivée elle nous attribue la chambre mine de rien, en omettant de nous expliquer la raison de ce changement. Il a fallut que moi, jaille lui demander des explications. Elle nous a avoué avoir attribué le 3 étage a un groupe, et à donc décidé, sans nous le dire, de nous changer de chambre. Christine a tenté de se defendre en disant que cette chambre etait équipée dun petit frigo. Pas de parquet mais une moquette. Au delà de ces soucis, Christine a su nous renseigner durant notre séjour.  Great place. Everything was very comfortable and Christine was a great host. The host canceled this reservation 21 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 4 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Cétait la première fois que ma fille et moi même réservions sur la plate forme Airbnb; nous avons été enchantées par laccueil que nous a réservé Christine et sa famille; Bien que nous soyons arrivées à plus de minuit (retards Air France), nous avons été accueillis avec le sourire;  Le descriptif du logement correspond parfaitement à la réalité: chambre indépendante avec climatisation, TV, rangements et réfrigérateur..., cuisine, SDB; le logement se situe à environ 10 minutes à pieds dune station de métro et à 5 minutes des arrêts de bus; cela permet de rejoindre Manhattan très facilement Le logement de Christine se situe dans un quartier sûr et bien que nous rentrions tard, ma fille et moi même ne nous sommes jamais senties en insécurité; Chritine parle très bien français et est de bon conseils pour les visites. En conclusion, nous avons passé un excellent séjour; L""accueil est réellement chaleureux mais Chritine et sa famille savent malgré tout rester très discrets; nous nous sentions un peu comme à la maison... Bref, je recommande vivement.... The host canceled this reservation 7 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 20 days before arrival. This is an automated posting."	0
238	Miriam and her husband were very responsive to any questions, and always available. The room and building were clean and well-maintained. The location is a good one- near subways and buses and amenities, but not a loud spot. Thanks! it was described correctly, a clean livable room and space with easy access to kitchen and bathroom. safe and secure, only 2 blocks from the subway; 20 minutes into manhattan.    the host was friendly and accommodating and the neighborhood is quiet and has a number of restaurants within a 4-5 block area. my favorite is a combination jamaican -indian restaurant called glorias with excellent food and reasonable prices.   Miriam and Vlad were great hosts and very welcoming. They were more than willing to provide any information and help when I needed. It was more cold than usual and extra blankets were provided immediately when I asked.    The room was very private, clean and comfortable.    The area has a real Brooklyn vibe - I felt safe and comfortable at all times. The hosts dont actually live in this house, so it was all people renting. It was a fine place to stay for a student budget in Brooklyn and I was comfortable. That being said the kitchen/stovetop was pretty dirty and the bathrooms werent clean. I saw a fair share of centiepedes and cockroaches all over. My room itself was clean. Vlad and Miriam were accessible. Basically, this is a fine place to stay on a budget if youre okay killing a few cockroaches—and really, who can afford to not be in Brooklyn? I was waiting to move into my permanent apartment and planned a 13 day stay at the location. Upon moving there, I found a location that was as described (in the sense of the small room with a double bed); however, details/pictures of the public spaces, cleanliness, and houses condition in general were willfully not included. The house had a strong odor, multiple pests (saw 3+ rats, 10+ cockroaches, and at a one point thought I had bedbugs), and notable mold in public shared space i.e. the bathroom. In addition, the walls are super thin and you will hear detailed conversations that your neighbors have and music blaring from nearby houses. The transportation and location are ideal with the Sterling stop a 5 minute walk away that will take you to many locations in manhattan. While the location is ideal, the price is not justified. You are paying too much money to be living in a location with those pests, mold, and assorted living annoyances. The person who runs the house is sweet and a very amenable host; however, this does not trump the lack of care evident in the houses condition. Also asking for a security deposit feels equally sketchy considering how one of the options are to pay outside airbnb.	0
239	Katharina is an excellent host, her home is very welcoming. Would definitely stay here again The apartment is really really beautiful, everything is clean and tidy and it has everything you need. You have a big room for yourself with a big bed, TV, coffee table and even a dining table. Everything is nice decorated and the WIFI is working well. The kitchen and bathroom are clean, too.  Katharina is really nice and helpful if you have any questions or need something. She is working during the day, so in this time you have the whole apartment for yourself. The bus and subway stations are only a few minutes away. I would definitely stay at Katharinas place again! We enjoyed our stay at Katrinas place. She was very helpful and accommodating. Room was a perfect size with everything you would need. She was there a few times and mostly stays to herself, so it feels as though you have the whole apartment. Thanks again Katrina we will most definetly be back. :) Katharina ci ha ospitato ed è stata molto disponibile. Consigliata! Katharina was wonderful! The place is so pretty and the room was perfect. It was better than I expected it to be. All around, it was such a cozy place to stay and perfect for all my needs. Katharina even allowed me to leave my stuff after check-out while I explored NYC before my flight left late at night. The next time I’m in New York, I would love to stay here again. I highly recommend her and the place! Katharinas place is cozy and clean. It is a quite accommodation and access to public transportation is easy. Katharina was really nice and the communication was really good. Definitely recommended!	1
240	"Kate, Wes and the cats welcomed me very warmly into their home! They know a lot about the nightlife and music in the city so dont hesitate to ask them for tips! And you should definitely try one of Kates famous cheese muffins when she bakes some ;). Oh, I have been in the best of places!  At first, logistics in my trip to US changed, so just a few days before I should arrive I was told about airbnb and sent a request to Kate - and she replied so quick!  Thanks!    Although I arrived very late in the night, they arranged it easy for me.  For my trip, this place was the best to find. A cozy room to sleep in, a nice bathroom, access for cooking and close to public transport, perfect and easy to go to Manhattan as to JFK airport. I also enjoyed to discover  the area of Brooklyn and Williamsburg as well.    Kate and Wes (and their four cats - I named them ""the jazz cats"") are the best to meet. They cared about me and my stay as I was a loved family member. I liked to feel as home with them and they were very supportive everytime I asked them for information about the nice area of Brooklyn and Williamsburg. They told me about cool places like culture/music stores, clubs and restaurants in the area. We become good friends and some evenings I was happy to get the opportunity to see them in some of these genuine places in Williamsburg. There were was even a bike prepared so I could go for rides whenever I wanted.    As soon I plan to be in New York again, may my wishes of stay come true because The Bookcase Room with Hidden Door will always be my first choise! Kate is a super cool host - shes genuinely caring and welcoming and is well versed with a lot of art and cultural spots in Manhattan and Brooklyn. If youre a muso youre in for a treat. Kate and Wes are also musos, and as luck would have it I am too, so they recommended a few good music gear spots and venues and even invited me to some of their shows!     The bookshelf room was just as awesome as Id imagine it to be, if youre lucky enough Butter (my favourite cat in the house) may say hi! The place as a whole is very comfortable, tidy, a short walk to the station and is roughly 30 minutes into Manhattan.     Would be psyched to come back on my next visit to New York! Thanks a bunch Kate! The Bookcase room comes as advertised and MORE! The cozy room is perfect for anyone who is going to be busy while staying in NYC. It’s the perfect room for having a place to crash in between your NYC adventures. At your disposal are a full kitchen and awesome bathroom/shower setup. When I’m traveling my shower situation is very important to me, so I was happy with the setup provided.     I was new to NYC, so I was looking for a cool host who had more than a few months experience living in “The City that Never Sleeps.” Kate and Wes were the perfect hosts and set me up with all the information I needed to get around the city. If you’re traveling to NYC for the first time I highly recommend this spot. Kate has vast knowledge of the ins and outs when it comes to NYC nightlife. She’s great when it comes to tips on spending money and how to get around some of the more expensive traps in New York. Very important for the AirBnB traveler. The other nice thing is that you feel like part of their home. You don’t feel as if you’re imposing on their living space.     The cats! I almost forgot the cats. If you’re lucky you’ll have a little visitor hanging with you. Butter, Mr. Butter, is a little guy with a lot of personality and love to spread. I have never come across cats with this much personality, which was very cool.     As far as the front and back is setup, I was happy to have a courtyard in front and a backyard to hang in when I was home. The tree lined streets are nice too.     As an AirBnB traveler I would stay at Kate’s place again if she had an opening!    The apartment is as lovely and well located as the hosts are accommodating. You could not choose a better place to lay your head. Kate Henderson provides a very cozy and comfortable place with very clean kitchen and bathroom. Besides, they have several adorable cats, which is quite fun. I recommend Kate Henderson to everyone~   My stay in the Bookcase Room was everything I would have hoped for, and then some. It was the ideal place as I transitioned into NYC living and would be a perfect spot for a busy traveler in need of a cozy place to rest their heads at night. Kate & Wes are wholesome and truly great people who I intend to remain close friends with in the future. The other roommates in the apartment also made for a great atmosphere.    Simply put, if youre an independent on-the-go and busy person who wants to tell your children you once stayed in a hidden bookshelf, while getting to know some really sweet people - this spots for you! The bookcase room was definitely unique and was a great crashpad. The apartment had a nice modern design and was fairly close to a subway stop. The neighborhood was okay but I spent most of my time out in the city. Thanks for letting me stay, Kate and Wes! Kate and Wess are always nice and helpful. I really had a great time there, nice place nice people.  Kate and Wes were really nice and interesting people, I wish I had more time to get to know them better. The secret library room was very small but good enough if you only need some place to sleep. Their apartment was always clean and cosy, I loved their friendly cats too:)! It seems like there is a lot of to explore in the neighborhood too, Kate and Wes left a great printed guide of their favorite places! Thank you very much for the stay:)!  The reservation was canceled 54 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The ""Bookcase Room"" is a very special and unique place to stay. The room itself is very cosy; the kitchen and the bathroom are big and clean. Also Kate and Wes are incredible nice hosts. They helped me to get my bearings in the city, and were always there if I had any questions. They even introduced me to several interesting places in Brooklyn and invited me to events I wouldnt have heard of otherwise. I definitely had a good time staying at their home. Highly recommended!  Great place in a great neighborhood felt very welcomed as soon as I got their. The location is in a perfect place that is right next to everything you will need as far as food, laundromat and etc. But overall it was a wonderful experience. The bookcase room was a great place to stay for my first month in NYC. Super close to the J train, easy commute to and from Manhattan. The room is small, but it was a great place to sleep. Kate and Wes are friendly and helpful if you have questions.  I had a great time staying in the bookcase room, which is very comfortable (and warm in the winter cold) despite its small size. Everything was exactly as described in the ad, and Kate and Wes were very friendly and helpful hosts. They told me about a bunch of local galleries and music venues I wouldnt have known about otherwise which was super helpful! It was great having a access to the kitchen as well, and there are a number of good supermarkets nearby. Would definitely recommend staying here! Their awesome, place is chill, there rarely home, they keep it clean and if any issues arise they take care of it pretty fast Kate is a wonderful host. Shes responsive with any concerns or questions you might have, and the home is very comfortable. Its quiet, and feels like home. I spent a wonderful month at Kates house. I recommend the bookcase room ! I really enjoyed the backyard. Its a great and quiet neighboorhood. The appartment is really close the J train so its really convenient. Kate & Wes were fantastic hosts and the apartment is in a great location in central Brooklyn, perfect for the single traveller. If you want a real taste of NYC Id recommend staying here. Kate and her husband are very nice and helpful. Because of plane delays i came in the room in the middle of the night but Kate was ok and showed me the house. Their ginger cat is a bit curious but adorable. The room is like the description, with towels. Highly recommended ! (: It was a very clean and nice place and an amazing experience. Well situated, near the subway. Pictures really reflect the reality. I didnt see them a lot but Kate and Wes are very nice hosts. The cat is very nice and love hugs. Ill come  back for sure and mostly recommend it! Kate, Wes, and their kitty cat fam were great to room with for the month. The house bathroom is lovely, and the kitchen is stocked with every home and kitchen tool you need to cook. The back yard is beautiful and sometimes you can hear some amazing singing and music if you open the window up at night. The room is exactly what it is posted as, so if you are cool with a small space with a great window, then this place will work out well for you.  I stayed in the Bookcase room for 3 months. Overall the experience was good. Kate and Wes were very kind and always answered requests or problems immediately. Thank you!   The cat, Butter, was really adorable and very sweet, making the place feel more like home.   The location is close to Manhattan with good connections. There are some cool places and stores nearby, although I didnt have too much time to explore. As a young woman, I felt safe in the neighborhood and never had any problems coming home after dark.   The only thing to be aware of if youre staying for longer than 2 months is that it really is a small space, and maybe better suited to shorter (up to 2 months or so) trips. Also the room is close to the kitchen so occasionally there was some noise in the evening. Nothing major, but just be aware of that. If youre a super light sleeper you may be better off in one of the other 2 rooms offered.  I had a wonderful stay with Kate.  The bookcase room is small but comfortable.  I got really attached to the place and butter the cat.  Would recommend to anyone a stay.  I found some good spots within 10 minute walking distance.  Would definitely return.   Nice and cozy. Friendly hosts and absolutely loved their cat, Butter!  The host canceled this reservation 26 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. La habitacion es como la anunciada y no esta mal solo que de escucha lo que pasa en el resto de la casa si hay otra persona. El baño podria estar un poco mas limpios y los cajones de la habitacion tambien. Esta un poco lejos de manhattan perl el metro esta al lado y suele funcionaf bien. El check in y check out fueron simples. It was great for just getting up and leaving every day. Up early and then just coming home to sleep. Not really for just hanging out. Even though its a good 20minute walk to the main subway into Manhattan its good value for an easy place to stay. Thanks guys.  Great place to stay, conveniently located near the subway. Nice room to stay in and it has its charm because its a hidden room.  Very friendly owners who are good with communication and help you out if they can.  Id recommend their place if you are looking for an affordable place to stay with easy access to public transportation  I loved staying at Kate & Wess place! The communication was great, they are so kind, helpful and genuinely care for their guests to feel comfortable. The room is small but very comfortable and I had enough space for all my stuff and my two suitcases (one of which was really big). The J train is in 5 minutes walking distance which makes the connection to Manhattan quick and easy. And if youre a crazy cat person like I am, youll love your stay even more as the cats are so cute! I highly recommend this place! Great room, close to tye subway  Kate and Wes are so nice and their place is really cool. The hidden room is small but perfect, the bed is corfortable and has a view to the backyard (you can see firesflys at nigth). The area its good too, there is a supermarket near and many stores. I traveled alone and I felt safe coming back late at night. The train station is very close. I hope to come back soon and staying with them again, it is really a great place. Kate was very helpful in telling me the best places to go in the area and a very good host   Jai passé 10 jours formidables chez Kate et Wes.  Ce sont deux personnes très accueillantes, dignes de confiance et toujours prêtes à répondre à vos questions. La chambre était petite mais confortable. Si vous cherchez de la tranquillité, cest lendroit idéal. Le chat Butter est adorable et cherchera à tout prix à vous chiper ce que vous mangez aha!  Concernant le quartier : lappartement est situé à deux pas de Broadway - Brooklyn. Sur cette avenue vous trouverez tout ce quil vous faut : supermarchés discount (essayez ""Dollar Junction"" à côté du métro Halsey Street. Vous y trouverez des chocolats Hersheys et Lindt à des prix imbattables !), pharmacies, etc. Le coin est animé et calme le soir. Je my sentais vraiment en sécurité.  Le métro est sur Broadway également à 5 min à pieds (Halsey street ou Gates Avenue). Depuis ces arrêts, vous êtes a Manhattan (Essex street Station) en 20-25 min.  Bref : une jolie façon de découvrir Brooklyn et Manhattan tout en ayant un sentiment de chez-soi en rentrant. Jy retournerai volontiers ! I loved staying at Kate&Wes place! They are really nice people and the apartment is cozy and unique.  I definitely recommend this place to stay especially because you are super fast in Manhattan but also get to know to  great spots in Brooklyn. Great little room in a well located apartment.  I loved the area, great transport links around Brooklyn and into the city.  The apartment has all the amenities you could ask for including AC which was important as it was really hot while I was in town.  Kate and Wes were really nice and communication was top notch. Kate and Wes are very nice and friendly people. They were great hosts and very pleasant to talk to. I stayed here to help me transition with moving into the city and they were very accommodating and helpful throughout the process. Really great place to stay Very close to J train which is directly connected to the airport, and goes directly into Manhattan. The apartment itself is in a cool part of Brooklyn with stores, bars and cafes within walking distance. Wes provided me with a digital map that has some good locations in Brooklyn which was cool since it was my first time in New York. Great! Thanks for having me! The hosts were both great! The room is adorable and comfy for a single traveler. The kitchen had plenty of room to cook in and the bathroom was very nice. Super close to the train and a very quite block. Absolutely recommend. Also.. Butters is the coolest most chill cat ever. Rooms are cool and clean. An exquisite and special private place behind the bookshelf. Most importantly, Kate and Wes are both really kind and nice. I appreciated a lot their heart-warming service and guidance during my staying. If you have any questions, just for free to ask them!"	1
241	My family and I booked a last minute stay at Marks apartment. It was perfect for us! There was 8 of us so it was hard to find a place that could accommodate all of us for the price but this place was great. It had everything we needed and was steps from some of the best restaurants I have ever eaten at! I highly recommend eating Beauty and Essex. Marks place is around the corner from the train so it took us 10 minutes to get to the Freedom Tower for some sightseeing. Mark was super friendly and very accommodating! He made sure we had the best stay possible. I highly recommend! Great value for money.  But you get what you pay for.  The apartment could do with a few finishing touches, such as AC in every room, not just two of the bedrooms.  Also a day spent removing unneeded items from apartment and fixing shelves and curtains/blinds etc would go a long way.  Apartment is clean.  We could have done with more pots and pans to cook with.  Lower east side of Manhattan provides some pretty entertaining nightlife if youre brave enough to sit out on the doorstep and observe.  I never felt unsafe at any point but I can see how some others might.  Host is good and helpful.  Apartment is on 3rd floor, up tight stairs...not a problem if youre fit and able, but might be a problem for others.  If requested improvements are made I would defiantly consider bringing my family here again. Marks apt. very close to subway station F and M at Delancey/Essex station. about 10 mins walk.  lots of bars at night time, LES is nice area, safe and full of restaurants and bars.  Three bedrooms are large enough for us family of 6.  I recommend this place if you spend a few days in NYC and you wanna to stay in Manhattan and still can afford the price. The appartment is clean and have a very good location. You are close to Essex/Delancey Subway and the Essex market. They are many restaurants around the place. We never felt unsecure in the neighbourhood. The AC was noisy. Great spot one the lower east side of NYC.. lots to do around there! Great location for sightseeing on Manhattan and generally as we expected Excellent location in one of the coolest neighborhoods of NYC! Flat is well equipped and has a very good price to value ratio Would come back again Overall we had a very comfortable stay at Marks place. The rooms were all bigger than expected and the beds were all comfortable. The living space was fairly sparse, but given the little time spent in the apartment during the day, this was a non-issue and was still clean and comfortable. Minor downsides to the apartment were that it is a 3rd floor walk-up, which was not a problem for us but is something for others to keep in mind, and that the street its located on is busy so it can be quite loud, both at night (honking and shouting) and during the day (construction across the street) - but its NYC so Im sure its hard to find a truly quiet street! The flip-side to the apartment being on a loud street is that it is very well located, close to all the restaurants and nightlife you could want, as well as a few parks and public transportation lines. Communication was great and timely and I would recommend Marks apartment for anyone looking for a convenient and comfortable crash-pad for their trip to NYC. Great large space and location We are very disappointed with our stay at marks apartment, so that we do not recommend this place, at least not at this price.  Despite the fact that it is well located, housing is not properly entered: water leakage on rainy days, mold in the bathroom, broken faucet, dirty and broken toilet, broken sofa bed, etc. In addition: no kitchen ustensile to cook. The photos do not reveal the reality.... so, we stop there, our goal is not to overwhelm Mark but rather to warn the Airbnb community of the real state of the apartment. To conclude, an important point for those who wish to rest, especially at night: for us, it was not possible because of the noise all night due to uninsulated windows and the absence of curtains. We had an amazing trip! The area was very fun and active. There were some amazing places to eat right around the corner. The place was just as pictured. Clean and roomy and the price is right. highly recommend ! This place is in a great location, in walking distance of all tons of things in NYC. It also in a safe neighborhood.  The expectations of this place should be more on lower end of the budget however. This place is more of a great utility place to stay just for sleeping and settling in vs. an experience some of the other places in town may offer. If you are looking for value, this place has a good location and comfortable beds. Thats about it.  Appartement bien situé sur Manhattan, proche du métro. Le logement est spacieux (3 chambres independantes) mais un peu vétuste : vieille salle de bain, mauvaise isolation des fenêtres. Manque déquipements dans la cuisine. Globalement nous avons passé un bon séjour dans lappartement, lhôte a été très réactif. Malheureusement nous avons été réveillés tôt tous les matins à cause du chantier situé en face de la rue (nous y étions début décembre, il faut prévoir quelques mois de travaux) Muy buena ubicacion para visitar cualquier lugar de manhattan y brooklyn Marks place is okay for one night. Its really noisy- in the front two bedrooms and in the living room you can hear everything thats going on down on the street. Conversations, beeping, etc. It lasts until about 3am and makes it hard to sleep. I know its NYC, but just know that it is very noisy, so if you are looking for a peace and quiet, look elsewhere. There are some issues inside the apartment that need to be addressed. The bathroom sink has no water pressure. The shower goes from scalding hot to cold throughout your shower. There werent enough bath towels for our group of 8. There were smaller hand towels, but only 5 bath towels. Wifi is advertised on the listing, however, there was no wifi info or a router to be found in the apartment. When I texted for the wifi info, I never received a text back. If you are just looking for a place to pass out after NYC partying- this place should suit you well. But if you are looking for a place to relax after a long day and get a goodnights rest, I would look elsewhere. It was okay for one night, but not great. For the amount of bedrooms, the price is decent compared to other apartments listed on Airbnb with 3 bedrooms. However, I would not stay here again. Id spend a little bit more money for a nicer spot. Check-in & out was easy though. Should have realized you get what you pay for. This unit is very inexpensive and sleeps 6-8 people. The surrounding area had great bars and restaurants. We enjoyed many of them. Bathroom had many issues, no water at the sink, toilet that ran constantly, had to manually fix after every use. Tub was not clean, but decent water pressure from shower head.  Beds very uncomfortable, two front bedrooms were very noisy till 3am from street noise.  I will definitely spend more next time to get better accommodations. Great location.  But as mentioned elsewhere, is basic. Could use proper curtains for the cold (in winter) and noise. Single glazed windows and massive draft coming through the plug socket in the recent sub-zero temperatures was a battle for the electric heaters which kept tripping. Not a high-spec property, basic but overall a good base to explore Manhattan. 5 mins walk to metro and walking distance from great spots. Excellent location and enough rooms for you and your guests. This place is great for larger groups, and super close to tons of bars and restaurants.	0
242	Great place in a great location, exactly as described. Owner was very responsive and helpful.  Great experience. Bjorn was a perfect host. He was very responsive and his apartment had everything we needed. Location could not be beat.  Had a great experience. Bjorn was very helpful and did everything he could to make sure we enjoyed ourselves. The apartment had everything we needed and was in a great location.  Excelente anfitrión, muy claro. Lo mejor del lugar es la ubicación. Claramente vale la pena, tienes muchos restaurantes buenos cerca, con metro accesible y el barrio es precioso.  Buen espacio para pasar unos días en New York, excelente ubicación.  Right in the heart of the ultra hip Meat Packing District, steps away from world class boutiques, the Highline and the Whitney. The West Village was dreamy! Quick 10 minute walk to the subway! The best food within walking distance! It was a great central location for our week in NYC! A wonderful place to stay, both for business and leisure. Clean, quiet, great location. Smooth check-in and check-out, efficient communication. Will keep this apartment on my list of places to return to. Thanks, Bjorn.	1
243	Kims home is absolutely phenomenal!!! The location, the space, the feel... The very best! Her home is spotless and quiet. Kim was not there when I checked in but left very clear directions. Absolutely no problems! I loved taking a run in Central Park (about 1 1/2 blocks away) and enjoyed eating at many of the wonderful local restaurants. Kim left reviews and recommendations for many close restaurants, shops and cafes- thank you!! TV and wifi were very easy to figure out. Also, Kim left some toiletries which was beyond helpful. Thank you Kim!! I really hope to stay at Kims place again. Thank you!! Location was great! A lot of great restaurants in the area and the neighborhood felt very safe. Kim responded quickly by text when I had a question and her apartment was as pictured. Well kept and spacious, I would highly recommend her place.  Thanks!  Michele  NJ   Kims apartment was absolutely perfect. This was my second time in New York and I was amazed that her apartment was so spacious and quiet. The place was immaculate clean, she had a whole written out list of things to do for me. She responded quickly to me. The area is quaint and a great way to not have to deal with insanity of time square. Hal was a cool doorman and its a block from the subway. great call to book with her.  I stayed at Kim´s apartment with my wife 4 nights in September and it was a great experience. The apartment is beautiful, the location is great -Upper West side- only two blocks away from Central Park and also 2 blocks away from the subway. The neighborhood is nice, quiet and you have restaurants and grocery stores nearby, as well as a Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts for breakfast.  I would definitely stay at Kim´s again if I ever go back to NYC.  This is a wonderful place to stay in the heart of the UWS. It is spacious, well decorated and very comfortable. Kim is quick to respond to questions and has everything you would need for a  great stay. It is the best place we have stayed at so far.  Highly recommend!  We would definitely stay in Kevins home again.  Wonderful communication! Great location, close to Central Park and easy access to the subway.   Amazing gem in UWS. Great from all possible viewpoints-quiet, close to everything ( restaraunts, Central Park, shopping, Lincoln Center, Broadway ), very clean, amazingly comfortable bed, good wi-fi, Kim is very quick to answer any kinds of questions you may have, overall - great stay :) Thanks Kim for such a nice place to make our home base in the city this weekend.  Some really nice touches included coffee and tea and a filled humidifier for us to use.  My only complaint is that I was unaware the owner had a dog, and I am allergic to dogs.  The house was very clean, and I probably would not have known except for seeing a dog bed & crate but unfortunately my sinuses could tell. Kims home was perfect for my first trip to NYC. All the accommodations were up to par and Kim was very responsive during the whole process. The apartment was also walking distance to Central Park, the Met, and many other spots. Highly recommend!  The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Apartment was amazing, and Kim was an amazing host Kims place is pretty perfect. I adored the location and the apartment itself was a lot larger than I expected. Every thing was tidy and in order. I was really only there at night to sleep, but that was easy to do because the bed is amazing. Overall I enjoyed my stay. The neighborhood is fabulous. It was quiet in the apartment but there was plenty of stuff to walk to surrounding the apartment like restaurants, bars and parks. Id stay here again no doubt! 床很软很舒服 躺下就不想起来了:) Adorable apartment in a great area of the Upper West Side. Location is in great proximity to Central Park, subway stations, and delicious restaurants (all walking distance). We couldn’t have asked for a better place to stay for our first visit to NYC and loved the lively but much quieter neighborhood Kim is located in. Just want to mention that the home is very clean, awesome location, certainly a great value! Kim and Kevin are great hosts, friendly and nice. Overall very pleased with the stay. Friendly, doorman building on the upper west side very close to delicious dining - coffee, bagels, tacos, crepes, italian, everything you need for a yummy stay in NYC - excellent proximity to subway, Central Park, and very peaceful, quiet neighborhood for restful nights.	1
244	A good experience. I needed a room in Brooklyn for 6 weeks and it fit my budget. This is a no frills airbnb situation, but it is ideal for a budget conscious person who needs temporary lodging. Miriam and Vlad are good people. Clean room and bathroom. Area seems a little deserted but is overall quiet.  It was great staying at Vlad and Miriams guesthouse! I needed somewhere to stay after some plans fell through and got a quick response.    The room itself is relatively no frills but personally it was just what I needed, with privacy, a desk, and quiet, (though on weekends the bar on the adjacent street can get a little noisy). Would stay again! The location is great, conveniently located right next to the 2 train and not all that far from the Q train.  Miriam and Vlad always responded to any and all questions and even accommodated some last-minute changes that were not part of the plan.  They are great hosts and amazing at helping you get the most out of your stay.  Just ask, and theyll answer! The place is nice and mostly quiet. There is a kitchen where you can cook yourself and also a big fridge. There is also a small courtyard where you can look at stars at night (what creates very friendly atmosphere). The place is clean enough, but main advantage for me was its location. 2 and 5 trains stops are in one block away, so when you use express 5, you are getting to Bowling Green in 20(!) minutes, which is just awesome, so whole (including night) Manhattan is all under your knees! The staff is very nice, responsive and understanding. I would love to get back there the next time I visit NYC. Thanks! Nice place to be on a budget. Vlad is a great guy	1
245	Michael is a fabulous host. Hes not around often but still available to answer questions if needed. The neighborhood is FANTASTIC- its well-lit and full of people in the 20-30 age range walking around at all hours of the day. There is SO much food to eat within walking distance ($3 gyros!) and I was able to get to Manhattan and all of the other NYC destinations easily. The bus stop is a lovely .5 mile stroll through a residential neighborhood. If youre a clean freak (we arent), this place will not be a good fit for you. Its still a work in progress, but the host and location are 5 stars. :)  Oh, and watch out for the water! It gets SUPER hot here, haha, loved the high-flow system here. It was a pleasure to meet Michael! We had  a great time staying at hos place!  Location was nice, near subway and there was lots of little deli places in that area. It was easy to move around from there. The appartment was a bit creepy but lucky us we had each other with my friend, so it wasnt that bad, alone i would not go there. Other rooms were also rented. If you are clean freak then it might not be your place. I dont know about other rooms but our bed was quite narrow for two and quite hard and squeaky. Kitchen was ok, even there wasnt any place to sit down except bed. But Micheal was friendly and wasnt around that much. He was flexiple with check in - check out times, so that was nice. Michael is really good and helpful Its ideal place for J1 students, who want to have a rest in nyc and go on at the morning to other place. Apartment is clean and situated near the subway (A and C - Ralph av and Utica) so its easy to go to Manhattan penn station or 42 street. Michael is good host, gave us clean towels and bedclothes, also suggested places to eat. I am glad to have experience with Michael, suggest this apartment. The host is very nice and helpfull. The neighbothood is safe. I had to leave at 3 am and I wasnt afraid. The metro is less then 10 minutes walking and near its a grocery store and a pharmacy. The room is small but maybe not for a long stay. For the price I recomand this place. 호스트는 꽤 친절했어요. 숙소의 침대도 굉장히 푹신하고 편했구요. 하지만 약간 결벽증이 있다거나 저처럼 정리광인 경우에는 숙소가 다소 힘들 수도 있겠네요. 그래도 지내는데 크게 불편한 것은 없었습니다. 인터넷도 빠르구요. 단점은 밤에 조금 무섭다는거? 그래도 특별히 문제가 될 만한 일들은 일어나지 않는 것 같아요. Micheal was a very great host. He had everything prepared for us, with extra towels, clean sheets, air conditioned room. Perfect comfortable room to stay in. Neighborhood was also safe. I came in around 3 am a couple times with no problem. He is very friendly, he wont bother you unless you need him.  A very modest, but neat and clean accommodation. The neighborhood is not very safe, though - somebody opposite our house got shot on the 2nd day of our stay, and then the whole five days the place was guarded by police. Subway is nearby, which is convenient. Stay with Michael was fine. Nice surprise was wife which didnt had in his written in his facility in the house. Good location, near the subway. Great low-cost travelers and for backpackers. We had a great stay here! Our host was very responsive to our messages and accommodating even though we arrived a bit later than we expected. This room is well located, really close to subway. Very quiet at night and safe neibourhood.  If you like very clean apartment then dont go but the price is really affordable for New York. Michael was very kind and helpful host. He responded really quickly and he was flexible with check-in and check-out. Some people were staying in the other room but every room has its own bathroom, which was also great. The whole place was clean, we got clean fresh towels and bed was really comfortable after a long day in the city. Location is close to subway and safe (we came after midnight and there was no problem). I can only recommend the place. Cheap play to stay just to sleep. The room was clean, comfortable and accurate to the pictures. The location was close to the subway. Michael was flexible with leaving our luggage longer and we could contact him any time. We came in pretty late, Michael was great about it. Room is as described, private bathroom down the hall. We really only went there to sleep, and it was perfect for that. No troubles in the neighborhood, came in at about 4am-6am both nights and it was quiet. The host was very responsive. There was wifi, air conditioning, tv and kitchen access. We were provided towels and soaps. Close access to the subway and some nice cafes if you are willing to walk 10 mins. It was quiet even on a Saturday night although there were a lot of parties happening in other streets. Value for money! If you are traveling on budget, this is the best option one can get. Its close to the subway and the station operates all days of the week and 24 hrs. We were able to commute to Manhattan and JFK with ease, had to make a max of 2 changes to get anywhere. We came to room as late as 4 am and we dint have any issues with subway or safety. If you are going to be in the room only to sleep and bath its manageable. The pillows were hard and the bed was shaking a bit. The room and house was not clean. Little cleaning can do wonders to the place.  Mike is great, we came early and he mange to arrange everything. We were only there overnight but had a pleasant stay. We didnt meet Michael but he was always quick to reply to any questions. The bedroom was a good size and comfortable, however the flat in general could have been tidier. I wasnt too bothered but I wouldnt recommend to people who was a very tidy\ clean place. Tip, see the icecream place across from the flat Michael was very kind with us. We only see him at the check in, but that was enough. Good relation quality-price. The room is only for rest at nights. If you are looking spend more time in the room I dont recommend it. We share the bathroom with other two guys but we never had problems with them. The subway station is near, about 10 minutes walking and the neighborhood is safe although it doesnt appear to be safe.  The bathroom couldve been a bit cleaner but other than that its a decent place to crash, with AC and TV in the room. Michael was also very accommodating, allowing us to check in late at night and leaving towels and new soap for us.  After reading all the reviews, past guests left nothing but positive reviews so Id just like to highlight a few things. The check-in process wasnt super smooth, was told the keys would be in the mailbox after I said wed arrive at 10pm. They werent there and I had no way to call Michael as I didnt have sim card and no internet. The place is listed as second floor so I contemplated throwing something at the window to get his attention. Anyways, we just knocked downstairs and someone answered which was the host. Lucky, as it was late at night. We got in and once inside Michael was nice with showing us everything. He gave us a choice of either 2 rooms to stay in. Note that other people live in other rooms like a shared apartment so we could hear his TV late at night and people walking around as its all wooden floors. It was nice the bedroom had a lock with key. Next morning was a cold shower. It just didnt work. Later in the day Michael said someone has turned the hallway switch off for the hot water... how was I to know... but when we got back that next night the hot water worked which was nice. The bed was super soft so a little tough to sleep and my wife felt a little itchy in the morning. We spent 3 nights here and as little time in the apartment as possible. OK, the good bits. The wifi is super fast! 50mb down and 15mb up. yeah its great. Theres a TV in each bedroom. The neighbourhood at night can feel unsafe BUT its not. We felt safe coming home late at night and the people in the area were friendly. Cafes in the area were nice with nice operators. Its 5min walk to Ralf Ave subway stop and its about 25m into Manhattan depending on if trains are on time or the stop. All in all its a super cheap place to stay in NY and if youre just sleeping here then its fine. For checkout wasnt instructed what to do so just left the keys in the room.   Michael was very responsive! He made sure we had everything we needed and was flexible with check in/check out. We arrived late and only needed the room as a place to sleep for a few hours, but it was clean and comfortable for the most part. Ideal for backpackers, this flat has a few rooms, all for rent through Airbnb. As cheap as it gets, sheets were clean, water was hot, but thats about it. If you dont need more than that, the place should do the job. The host, Michael, is friendly and nice. Not in a neighbourhood with bars or attractions, but pretty close to Manhattan and theres a good Deli next corner! The house is Ok, but much disaster and It is not so clean.  Location is near to the subway.  Michael was very kind with us but the bathroom and the shower werent so clean. The bed is not comfy and its a little far from the city but it has A and C train close to the apartment (5 min walking).  I am completely in shock that this place is a valid listing on airbnb. I have never seen anything like it, much less paid for it! It is utterly filthy. There is junk everywhere, including a disassembled bed frame in the kitchen (which, by the way, is not the kitchen in the photo). The smell is almost unbearable - body odor masked by an overpowering cleaning product scent. We tried desperately to leave, but couldnt find another place on such short notice. We also had a ton of difficulty communicating with Michael - he basically just never responded to us. It was a stroke of luck he was in the area when we tried to check in. To top it off, the other airbnb guests came in at 7:00a on Sunday morning and started blasting music, having clearly just gotten home. We also went to bed late after a night of partying, so this was just about the worst case scenario. (This wasnt Michaels fault, just a product of staying in a place the host does not actually live.) I absolutely do not recommend this place, spend a few dollars more for some self respect! Michael was great, extremely accommodating  Michael very nice. So convenient if you want to go any by subway Michaels place was nice clean quiet and cozy. The private bathroom is a plus! I would definitely recommend it as a place to stay for a day or few if traveling to nyc. Reasonable price and flexible check in and check out.  The Place was Quiet, We Was Alone the whole stay , Micheal was very nice I saw him twice my whole stay . The room was clean, the bathroom was clean a few blocks away from food close to the C train 20min away from the city 26 min away from the Barclay center on Atlantic Ave I would use his place again. But  I would rather the master bedroom because it have a private bathroom. I will rent that room my next stay! Oh the floor can use a good moping lol but everything else was clean Michael was a great host who helped me and my friend when we had questions. Apartment is close to the metro but it took us like 30 minutes to get to Manhattan Clean room and close to the subway, good value for money. La habitación es cómoda para dormir. Pero La foto del anuncio no es lo que uno llega a ver. Queda en un lugar accesible pero le falta mucho cuidado y aseo en general. Si van solo a dormir es perfecta  We had some misunderstanding for the check-in but thanks with the neightbour we came inside easly. Michael was really nice and helpful. The room was clean and looked exactly like in the pictures. And I loved the cat in the house.     The place was cool convient  and close by everything Private,  Comfortable, and Quiet  Had a great stay! Michael and his nephnew are lovely. A little trouble figuring the exact time of check in and shuffling around the rooms, but I would strongly recommend  Easy check in, great communication. The place is a little cluttered but the room was fine for my needs.  Good deal. Easy check in and check out. Everything needed was provided and Im definitely would visit again.  Michael was a friendly and accommodating host! Michaels place was very convenient to travel to the city and JFK. The neighborhood was quiet and the room was great. I would definitely recommend people to this place.  Very comfortable! The room was not the same pictured in the description, but the real issue was a lack of security. There was no doorknob, just tape over a hole in the door where it should have been. There was a lock, but the lock could easily be undone by anyone pushing through the tape. We didnt feel secure staying in the room for that reason, and had to find another place at the last minute. Although the price is attractive and its easy to get elsewhere in the city from the location, I wouldnt recommend this listing.     Thank Michael !  Youll like here  Это жильё значительно ниже ожиданий Micheal was a nice host, friendly and responsive to my questions. His place is about 20min to manhatten, in a quiet area. Room was spacious with good AC and tv, only complaint was the odor present throughout the house. Smelled of cats and ammonium. The AC helps with the smell, but still present It is a good value for how much it cost. BUT it is kinda dusty, other than that it is a great place to stay. The neighborhood doesnt always feel safe, but youll run into no issues.  Michael is a nice host, very welcoming. But the place is not clean at all, it looks very old and it smells bad. We had lot of bugs in the bathroom, and in the shower. As others reviews, there is an odor around the house that not even the ac can hide. I message him about my arrival and he did not answer. I was coming from stewart airport and took me longer that expected, I called him and he was unaware about my arrival and confused. Finally, there was a fight outside from 330am until almost five. I know that you get what you pay for, but you can get better somewhere else. Please learn from my mistake and do not stay here. Great place to stay. Très bon qualité-prix et Michael est très sympatique. Cependant, nous avons été un peu déçu de la propreté du logement, en particulier la salle de bain. Great place to stay. Convenient locations lots of places to eat in the area, close to train 30 minute commute to city, great neighbors. Private room with Netflix and Hulu, spacious kitchen. I would stay again great price I saved a lot of money Michael ist ein netter Gastgeber und Check-in und Checkout haben auch ganz gut geklappt. Allerdings war es nachts sehr laut da auf der Straße eine Art Party von Nachbarn oder so gefeiert wurde, die die ganze Nacht ging:/ Dies liegt wahrscheinlich an der Lage in mitten von Brooklyn 7 minutes from subway ! Affordable price! Awesome Amazing host but the apartment is not to die for. Noisy, dirty, not comfortable. If you have other choices dont go there at all. Communication problems Komunikace s hostitelem byla v poradku. Cistota v kuchyni katastrofa. Postel tvrda jak beton. Michaels place was convenient, its located pretty close to Subway stations. We had our own bathroom and a big bed. Just make sure you arrange check in time in advance. We definitely recommend it for a short term stay. Michael war ein netter Gastgeber, dennoch darf man kein sauberes gepflegtes Zimmer erwarten. Für eine Nacht war es zu verkraften, jedoch würden wir uns beim nächsten mal etwas anderes suchen. The room was ok, the check-in was quick. Great, cheap place for a night’s rest. It is an economical option. A good location, but the apartment is not new, not perfectly clean, not a cozy place to be. But it is liveable and cheap! So you get what you pay for. Would recommend for short periods of time. For a night stay,its a best place as it is like 10 mins walk to the subway station.Supermarkets around. Everything was good. Close to subway & local stores. Nice & clean Great value place. Walkable distance to the nearest subway station to go into Manhattan. Sheets were clean, but the bathroom and kitchen were a bit dirtier than expected (mostly just looked old). Michael was very accommodating and allowed us to check-in and check-out easily and quickly on short notice. Thanks	0
246	Nous avons été très bien reçu par oates qui a une superbe maison. Notre hôte a répondu à toutes nos questions avec efficacité et il a été très arrangeant en nous permettant de laisser nos affaires le dernier jour chez lui avant notre départ. Le quartier est très sympa et le logement se trouve à proximité d un grand parc et du métro ce qui est très agréable et pratique. We had a great stay at Oates place in Brooklyn!! Its in a nice, quiet neighborhood really near by the subway and there was absolutely no problem at all arranging the keys! Airco in the bedroom and a clean bathroom made everything perfect.  This trip was my very first Airbnb experience. and first time near Brooklyn area.  It was 1 night get away trip with my girlfriend.    If you plan to stay with girlfriend or female. I recommend you to find somewhere eles.  I loved the location and neighborhood but I was very uncomfortable because of cleanliness.  Blanket and bed sheet was so old and stained. and there was hair all over the bed.  Lady who was there cleaned the room while i was out,  I still felt very uncomfortable to sleep there.  Whoever plan to stay here - bring your own pillow, bed sheet, blanket, and towel.  Also, if you are not big fan of antique and unique collections, you might feel uncomfortable as well.  Whole house covered with antique collections. its everywhere in the house. full of it. so~ many  if you like those, you will be excited.   Other than that, it was ok.  Shower room was clean and big, loved water pressure.  and best part was parking. it was quite easy to find street parking. (overnight parking) and easy access to public transportation.    Im not sure Im going to use Airbnb on my next trip. because your room quality is not guaranteed. I didnt get to meet Oates, he was out of town during my stay and his roomate was also gone so I actually had the whole house to myself!  Oates friend who lives down the road was there to greet me and give me the key so I had no problem getting in.  Nice guy!    It is an old house, a little creaky, but nice enough, and it is in an up-coming neighborhood, very close to the wonderful Prospect Park.  There good restaurants and a great market close by and it feels pretty safe.  The subway is close by and it was super easy to get into Manhattan, the express train gets you to Times Square in just 5 stops and is really quick.    The room is definitely cozy (read small) and if the roomate was there you will need to share the bathroom.  But given the value for money (where else can you stay for $60/night), I have no complaints Oates ha estado atento en todo momento y ha sido un muy buen anfitrión.  La hermosa casa de estilo victoriano de tres plantas es acogedora. El barrio no es nada turístico lo que le da bastante identidad. Es tranquilo, seguro y por los nuevos comercios y restaurantes parece que se está modernizando. Está muy cerca del Jardín Botánico de Brooklyn, visita obligatoria.  Muy recomendable. Host was very cordial, friendly, helped me put sheets on bed.  The bedroom was as pictured and neat and orderly.  Interesting old turn of the century house with backyard which I spent a lot of time in.  There wasnt any one really around so I had lots of privacy. Location is good, the house is very nice but not really clean. Oates is a freindly host. Oatess friend Bill made me feel very welcome.  He told me about the neighborhood, where to buy food, the history of the district.  The room was small, clean, enjoyable.  The house is large and comfortable.  Subways and the bus system are nor far away.  Prospect Park is not far. The host was great. He was very flexible with timing. The house owner was on vacation, so we had the whole house to ourselves. It was a really interesting set up. The rooms were filled with art from around the world. The sheets did not seem clean, the floors were really dusty and the toilet was clogged when we arrived. The area can be a little sketchy at night, but it is safe. If youre looking for a cheap place, and dont care if youre close to manhattan or if the place is clean. But for the price, you get what you pay for, and in this case, it was more. everything was perfect! we loved the location, close to the prospect park metro stop. walking distance to the brooklyn museum & brooklyn botanic garden. the house is beautiful, full of antiques. we pretty much had the house to ourselves as well. the bedroom is on the third floor. shower was nice & clean! there are lots of produce markets in the neighborhood.  I stayed at Oates place for two days. Its a charming house and its decorated with love. I felt quite at home.   The stairs are quite squeaky but it adds to the charm. The shower is huge, modern, and amazing. The room in Oates house was tidy and clean. Even though we saw him just once during our stay, he was always easy to contact and quick to answer.  The neighborhood is quiet and nice, and the house is located 10min walking from the subway which is really convenient. Prima plek om je vakantie in New York te vieren!   Vooraf kregen we een kraakheldere routebeschrijving om vanaf het vliegveld naar de bnb te komen. Oates is erg vriendelijk en gaf ons na aankomst direct een rondleiding door het huis en naar onze cosy kamer. Onze kamer op zich was niet groot, maar was zeker groot genoeg om te slapen. Ook de woonkamer en keuken konden we gebruiken. Erg handig om een koelkast ter beschikking te hebben.  De badkamer deelden we met 1 andere gast, die erg vriendelijk was. De douche was prima!   Brooklyn bleek bovendien een ideale uitvalsbasis voor ons bezoek aan NY.  We hebben er met plezier verbleven! Host is nice and friendly. Room is cozy. Close to prospect park station. Instant reply from host.  We had a great time, had the whole house to ourselves. Great location, close to the subway and a cool pub. Recommended!!! Unexpectedly interesting place to stay in for the two nights we were in the NYC area.  My guest and I felt like we got to experience authentic Brooklyn.  The brownstone is a short ride to the city, there are lots of dining options nearby, and Oates was really easy to coordinate with.  Overall a great experience. Great house with lots of history and character in a great location. Oates was friendly and quick to respond if you ever had any questions. I would always chose this place again.   Thanks, Oates! Oates was very easy to contact, responded quickly to all inquiries and was very flexible. The place was small but provided a great place to sleep after a day in the city. Within a five minute walk of the Brooklyn Q train. I just stayed one night, but it was pretty good. There was a little confusion at first about who I should get the key from, but after a couple of failed attempts to get in touch with someone named Bill, Oates came and gave us the key. The place itself was ideal for a place to crash-- very convient. If I had it to do again Id stay at the same place. Its a classic Brooklyn house a few blocks from Prospect Park. I lucked out and had the whole house to myself beyond the 1 room I expected. Oates was super helpful and always very quick responding to any questions I had. The room (and house) were fantastic. Oates was extremely helpful and very responsive on the communication. Would definitely book again. Room was cozy and tidy. Communication with host regarding key pickup and check out went well. Excellent location and recommended for anybody looking for a straightforward place in NY. It was a great location and Oates was very easy to communicate with especially since we were expected to arrive late. It is an small room well located, but the cleanliness of the house (bathroom and room) was poor.  The location was perfect: close to metro, Prospect park, shops and cafes around, very cozy district. The house is spacious, our room was small, but enough to sleep there. Oates replied us very quickly to help with anything (weve never seen him). The only issue that is was a bit dirty in the house. Only a short stay there, roomy place, bed is comfortable enough. It was a convenient location, very close to the subway and oates was a great guy. He even allowed us to check in early which was very helpful. The bathroom and kitchen were super dirty though. The toilet was covered in urine and fecal matter. The floor was full of hair and covered in grime. We bought flip flops to wear in the shower/bathroom. The bath mat  (which was supposed to be white) was completely brown and hadnt been washed in who knows how long. There was mold growing inside the shower below the step. Oates was great. We were delayed a bit but he came and showed us around. Loved the place. Good location. Great room Bill is great. Super nice guy, great communication, and an excellent host. This listing was in a nice neighborhood. Bill was great with check-in and check-out. The house has great character anf the room was comfortable. The only issue was the bathroom could use a little cleaning. All in all, a pleasant stay for one night. Very friendly and accommodating.  Very hospitable, clean I loved it so much -I wrote about it for my column in the newspaper (Website hidden by Airbnb) Had a great time! Bill was an excellent host and made us feel at home.	1
247	Everyone at the desk was very kind and answered all my questions. The description was accurate, everything that I expected. Overall, it was clean. The neighborhood was fine. Its right off a major street and theres easy access to the subway. It was easy to find.  Muy buena ubicación. Excelente trato del personal, amables y siempre dispuestos a ayudar. Muy tranquilo. Las cabinas son pequeñas pero permiten perfectamente un ambiente reservado para poder descansar luego del ajetreo del día. Not at all, horri i doubt you can find a place in Manhattan with the same price point.  that being said, be prepared to expect living in the tiniest room you can ever imagine! they call it a cabin at the Bowery house ;) but size is not going to be an issue for most people since youll be spending all your day outside checking out the city.      for single travelers staying in NYC for a few days, the Bowery house is ideal. Second stay here... The quiet areas are quiet!  Affordable and great reception staff :). Will return. You cant beat the price. It was perfect for what I needed. Staff is great. It is a creepy cool  Place to stay. And the price was right  The people at the front desk were nice and helped me get a great room with good access. Once you were in your room it was just you in a private little room with an open sealing. They provided ear plug which were fantastic for letting you sleep straight through the night. Overall great experience. Would say there again. Nice place, easy to find, good location. As small as described, but clean and quiet. I have had an pleasant stay. The people who are working at the bowery are very friendly and service orientated. The area is just perfect for exploring the neighbourhood by feet. The sleep was good with earplugs. I would recommend it. The noise at night was unbearable, even with the provided earplugs. The ceilings are open, so any amount of noise will travel throughout the floor. I noticed that there was only one toilet and two sinks on my floor of ~30 rooms.     This listing was an okay price in a good location, with excellent customer service, but I will not be staying here again. Overall the experience was terrible.  The Bowery House was a great stay as always. Friendly, smooth and easy. It is a predominantly shared space, so if that bothers you, you might not be comfortable. But the cabins are good and the location is perfect.  Very clean. No sign of bed bugs. Helpful and kind staff. Not for the claustraphobic. Dark hallways at night are hard to navigate. Showers are always a bit awkward but manageable.  Great place to NY My 3rd time staying at the Bowery House. Its the perfect spot for a night or two if youre just looking to sleep for a bit and then go out and see the city. Bathrooms are cleaned regularly and supplied with good soap and shampoo to use. They supply one pillow on the bed but I asked for another one and they obliged without any fuss!	0
248	The place is super spacious with a nice open kitchen and 2 bedrooms.  Also, it is conveniently located (very close to Marcy avenue station with access to J, M and Z trains). Adam and his roommates live on the 2nd floor (apartment is on the 3rd)  - they were very nice and reachable whenever we needed something. We had a great time in the apartment and would definitely recommend it. Thanks guys!  This is a lovely apartment. Adam was able to accommodate us very last minute and everything was ready for us when we arrived. There is in-unit laundry, which is hard to find in NYC. Overall, a very positive experience.  Adam was a kind host and the correspondence was easy and fast. It is conveniently located within 15 min walking distance to Bedford Av and the hip part of Williamsburg. If you are sensitive to noise, you might have some trouble staying there, because the M J Z metro line literally passes by the living room window in about five ft distance which means a lot of noise at day and night time.  For those in need of a need and tidy place it might be a bit too much in use. All in all we left the flat with mixed feelings. Adam was a great host. Answered all of my questions and as very accommodating and available. The apartment was in an awesome area and very close to multiple subway lines which made travel very convenient. Overall good stay.  Adam was a very accommodating host, always available if we needed something (e.g. advice on the local area and NYC in general), but also let us get on with things. Pretty tolerant of having six guys from the UK staying in his apartment, with everything that entails!    The flat is as advertised, a little run down but perfectly suited to a group of six friends - maybe not for families. Some will be sleeping on mattresses/sofas, but everything is extremely comfortable.    Very close to subway (Marcy Ave, Hewes St) and 15mins walk to Bedford/Wythe Avenue which is a very trendy and fun area, lots of bars, clubs, restuarants etc. The subway runs right outside the living room window, which is very loud but you get used to it. Its also one stop to Manhattan (Lower East Side).     There is also a projector, wifi etc, all quite handy. All in all we highly recommend the apartment. This place was great for a place to crash.  Just a block from the Marcy Ave. train station, which put us only 1 stop from Manhattan.  Its also just blocks from the trendiest parts of Williamsburg, which, all together made for easy access to every part of NYC worth seeing.  Adam was great.  He was there if you needed, but left us with 100% privacy, otherwise. Nice place for me and my friend, good location to get into Manhattan and chill around Brooklyn. Adam was flexible, laid back and helpful Stayed in Adams flat with a friend and it worked perfectly for us. Sparsely furnished but with nice beds and clean bathroom. The location is great in a nice area and with the subway really close. Adam was a good host who helped us out whenever we needed.  The title is perfect. Adams flat was great; in a good location and comfortable.    Getting settled was easy and very relaxed. The whole process took 5 minutes. The guys were very responsive to text messages and were super easy to work with. Some reviews say it is loud, but it was no trouble at all to sleep at night. Its New York City, so theres going to be some noise always.    Its clear these guys know what theyre doing. Fresh linens, a clean place, no drama.    Im staying here again. Adam was quick and good to communicate both before and during our visit. He was really flexible with our arrival and also our departure and let us use the apartment until later in the day as our flight was not until 7pm.    The apartment was large, clean and had all the amenities we needed for a weeks stay - washing machine, dryer, large fridge/freezer, kitchen utensils, clean bedlinen, towels, large TV, Netflix, WiFi etc. The beds were comfortable and the back bedrooms quiet (considering the location) - we got a good nights sleep throughout.    The Pro/Con is the proximity of the train line, which runs outside the window. Pro - it it just a minute from the front door to the station so just minutes from Manhattan, Con - if you are sleeping in the fold down bed in the living room then you wont get the same quality of sleep as the guys in the bedrooms.    This was a good apartment and Adam could not have been a better host. Making us welcome from the outset and recommending places to eat. Both the Mexican and Korean restaurants across the road are decent.    Would stay here again.                  Adam was a great host and we had a great experience staying at his house. Would definitely come back. The place we conveniently located, Adam was very helpful as far as getting us extra beds and anything else we needed.  He was also very responsive on short notice.  Great stay.   We had a great time at Adams flat. Perfect fit for 4 people. The apartment was as described. Adam was easygoing as a host, and very helpful with flexible check-inn/out time. We communicated a lot before we arrived and after we had left, that makes it easy to be a visitor and you feel welcome. When ever we needed some help our just had some questions he quickly responded.      Very easy access to subway and Taxi, and many nearby shops. We especially liked the short subway ride to Manhattan, just one stop from the (Website hidden by Airbnb) is a nice area and we spent more time here than we planed.  The stay was overall delightful. We really enjoyed the way he and his friends owned that block in a co-op manner, helping each other out. Such that we always had people who could assist or look out for us because everybody felt like part of a micro-community.     Its just overall a cool vibe. とても過ごしやすく、ブルックリンの中心街からのアクセスも良い場所でした。アダムもチェックイン前に着いたのにも関わらず、快く案内してくれました。ベッドの数も最適で、快眠できたので滞在中も有意義な昼間の行動ができました。  少し、排水が悪いのが難点でしたがそれ以外は素晴らしかったです  ありがとうございました! Was a real pleasure, amazing flat and great guy! Myself and 4 friends were in New York for 10 days and couldnt have picked a better place to stay!   Location was perfect, 2-3 min walk from two subways and another an 8-10 min walk away, that will get you to Manhattan in no time. Plenty of bars and shops within walking distance, just overall a great location. Flat was super clean and spacious, loads of room for 5 of us.   But thats not the best bit, the guys who own the place were great couldnt have asked for better hosts! Friendliest bunch ever and were happy to help with any queries we had. I will without a doubt be staying here again and would recommend to anyone wanting to stay in Brooklyn.    Great!  Really cool apartment in an excellent location and both the hosts were very friendly.  Great location. Super easy to get to if you fly into JFK (J&Z train right outside) or LGA (car for under $40).    Adam was super easy to communicate with and the place was safe and secure.  Based on what he has going on for bookings, he was flexible with our check-in and check out.      We stayed two nights, cooked one night in and cooked both our breakfasts at the place.  Two great little grocery stores in the area making that super easy and for the most part, his place was well stocked with seasonings, etc.     But we used it as a base to go out and about and for that, it was perfect.  If you sleep in the living room, you may want to bring ear plugs but I didnt have any issues myself with the added subway noise.  My uncle, cousin and her BF were in the back rooms and they said they slept great.     Id definitely stay here again.   Rad place in a great location. Adam and his housemates were easy going and helpful. Id totally stay here again. The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Adam was a wonderful host and the place is in a great part of Portland, close to everything yet quiet enough to relax. Great location, great place, nice people. Would stay again.	0
249	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay in Soho at Matts. Everything was super clean and Matt was a great host. The location is in a very convenient spot and great for anyone wanting to enjoy downtown! It was great to stay with Matt. He was helpful if I needed anything and offered tips on places to go food shopping etc. and even offered me to try his yummy cooking! All and all very nice and I definitely recommend staying with Matt in his great LES apartment. Matt is terrific and keeps a well maintained spot.  I really appreciated the extra touches he adds to make one feel welcome.  Wish I had more time to spend with the library on the bookshelves.   Had a great stay. MaTT was gracious, kind and easygoing. Great neighborhood (where Chinatown meets Little Italy) with lots of things to do and see. Pretty convenient subway access as well.  Matt was super friendly and accommodating. I would definitely recommend staying here. Very nice and Pleasant host. appt in a perfect location  I spent 74 nights at Matts home and I was pleased to be located in such a vibrant, yet safe area that is Soho, in the heart of Chinatown and at the foot of Little Italy. I was able to walk to my Volunteering Organization on East Broadway, The Manny Cantor Centre, where I assisted the elderly and disabled for the duration of my stay in NYC. The apartment is located on the fourth floor of a family based apartment block with a staircase. The building inside is not glamorous as such, however, its safe and thats what I was after, safety first. The neighborhood is great, the people are friendly and I always felt safe, which as a female travelling on my own, this was extremely important to me. The room is spacious, has a multitude of drawer space and the bed is comfy. Broadway is only 4 short blocks away and you literally have an array of choices when it comes to Train lines that can take you anywhere you need to go in no time. There are a multitude of restaurants to choose from. Laundry service is across the street. The host even suggested the New York Public Library service which is close by on Mulberry Street that I found extremely useful for my printing needs and renting dvds. You have a mixture of high end shopping/boutique shopping, middle ground shopping and market shopping, therefore, caters and appeals to any guest who chooses to stay in this very location. Unfortunately, I never met MaTT during my stay ,however, he was always contactable, reasonable and happy to provide recommendations of his local area which I found useful even though it was my 3rd time back to this city. He was always fair and a good listener in our communications. During my time at MaTTs home, I shared with friends/acquaintances of MaTTs. They occupied the other bedroom in his two bedroom apartment at separate intervals. Under normal circumstances, these are not people I would prefer / choose to share my space with, due to the fact that they dont understand the Airbnb concept as a Host or a Guest does. However, I was away for a majority of my reservation which made it bearable. The main concerns were cleanliness of the shared spaces, (however, this was discussed with the host and I was compensated for the inconvenience which shows that MaTT would be a great Host to live with!) and a breach of privacy where one of the live in friends admitted he unlocked my bedroom door in my absence and went into my room. (I believe the Host addressed this with that individual and the Host was more than happy to remove this person from the environment, however, I was able to come to an understanding with the live in guest). Overall a great stay and like with everything in life, a few learning experiences along the way that made me that much more stronger and resilient !... El alojamiento es tal cual se describe. La ubicación es perfecta, muy cerca de diferentes líneas de metro. También hay  muchos restaurantes y bares tanto para cenar como para tomarte algo. Tanto Matt como Hash estuvieron dispuestos a ayudarnos en lo que necesitamos. Muy recomendable para vivir una experiencia 100% neoyorquina.  In the center of it all really is a good description as everything you would want is within walking distance. Before booking the room I had some questions and Matt was more than helpful to answer all of them. Would stay here again. Fabulous location. Matt sent me a number for an economical taxi service to use from the airport and was there to meet me when I arrived at his place. The bed is extremely comfortable and the room spacious. Will definitely return on my next trip to NYC   I cant say enough good things about my stay with Matt.  This was my first air BnB stay and I couldnt have chosen a better host or location. Living in small rooms (temporary sublets) throughout NYC and Brooklyn I can say the room was a comfortable size for NYC. The large bed and bookcase could keep you amused if there were not so many cool things to do in that area!   Matt is the perfect host. He is fun, respectful of privacy and extremely interesting! It also doesnt hurt when your roommate is easy on the eyes; he is a perfect gentleman.   Once there was a minor heating issue and he completely took charge of the situation (even though he was in Berlin). The minor situation took two days to resolve during this time he bought a hotel room for me and my visiting sister. He bent backwards to make sure I was always comfortable and happy with my stay.  He is an unbelievably generous and gracious person who went far out of his way to make my stay wonderful; it was AMAZING!   P.S. This is really the most amazing location.  Matt was very accommodating and made sure I knew how to get to and from his place. Perfect area to stay in! Very near good coffee and the subway! Unfortunately didnt have a hot shower while I was there but Matt did his best to fix it Would likely stay here again Really enjoyed staying here, you cant imagine more perfect location and more comfortable bed. Would love to stay at this place again!  I’ve stayed in a few Airbnb’s around different parts of the world (London, Borehamwood, Miami Beach, Coral Gables, Stockholm). When hosts are not available, they do their best to ensure that the check in process goes as smoothly as possible. They leave the key with someone that they know will be available for sure or a spare key lock box maybe? Matt was notified at 2 PM (earliest check in time) on May 20th. I informed him that I was in town and ready to check in. He told me that his roommate was at work and left me with two options; either I wait until 5 PM when his roommate gets out of work, or pick up the keys from her at her job. Mind you, I had bags and was tired from a 3-hour flight.  Host was very nonchalant as evidenced by his lack of effort to help. He continued to say that he usually hears from people days in advance before they check in. I responded that if 2 PM is the earliest check in time, you should anticipate that guests may want to check in as early as possible. He goes “Yeah…it’s not a hotel”. I was so appalled by his attitude that I decided not to reply. He sent another text message saying “we have our lives and jobs”. Finally, I had to wait 3 hours to check in at 5 PM.   Matts room is located just at the foot of Little Italy and on the tips of tips of Little Italy, Chinatown and Soho. Its about a 6-14 minute walk from the subway depending on which line youre taking. Its also safe at night and therere lots of eateries around. Didnt meet Matt (whos mostly in Berlin) but his friend received me, appreciate that he waited up for me as my flight was delayed. However, the room on the 4th-floor walk-up was terribly filthy and dusty. The floor was covered with dust and dirt and there was litter around. I had to sweep the floor myself. The trash bin was also not emptied and everything was just caked in dust. I itched all over the 4 nights I was there. The two towels provided were damp. It was absolutely disgusting. The sheets were not fresh. There were dried white spots, specks of blood and dust spectacles around. The worst part was that it stank of somebodys odor. I slept on the blanket on top of the sheets for fear of allergies and the pillows were smelly too (didnt use them). The room lock is spoilt and cannot be locked. There were also no hangers to put up your clothes and everything was just filthy, dusty! It was a nightmare to stay in. I was very uncomfortable the whole time. Its upsetting for my first trip to NYC. The common spaces were clean at least and the lady flatmate and 2 cats were very friendly.   Super séjour chez Matt ! Son appart est très bien et au milieu de tout, dans le très touristique Little Italy (ou plutôt Nolita). Plusieurs stations de métro proches ce qui rend faciles les déplacements dans New-York. La chambre est grande et bien aménagée, avec un climatiseur. Matt est très sympa, arrangeant et réactif. Il ma beaucoup aidé pour les différents problèmes que jai pu rencontrer, et ce alors quil se trouvait à létranger. Je nhésiterai pas à revenir ! todo ok.	0
250	I needed a place to crash for ten hours before I went back to work and I didn’t feel like driving an hour back to my own place. This was perfect. Parking was a little difficult to find. Everything else was great. Maya is easy to talk to and she knows a really delicious pizza place to order from. She’s a good host. I would definitely stay again. Maybe tonight if I’m working late again. Maya was a wonderful host! The place is very nice, clean, and close to great bars/restaurants/shops. It was also very easy to get around with the subway being so close by. Maya was very thoughtful and responsive. Had a great time and recommend her place to anyone looking to stay in Brooklyn. Maya was very polite and friendly and checking in was very easy.  The apartment was very clean and organized.   Location is in a safe neighborhood and is great for grabbing the train into the city.  There are some convenient locations to grab a quick breakfast before checking out the sites of the city or a late night drink after a day of exploring.  I Definitely recommend staying in this location. We loved Mayas place. It was elegantly furnished and the bathroom was gorgeous with a big, deep bathtub. The place was very tidy. We were quite close to the F train (which turned out to be a plus And a minus).  Maya was very responsive to our communications, let us check out late despite arriving visitors and gave us coffee and stamps, as well as visitor advice. She allowed us to do laundry and to take up some space with our things drying in the living room.  Our only issue was the street noise (trains and traffic), which was not indicated on her listing. As long as you have a white noise app you are willing to sleep plugged into (or are used to lots of city noise), you should be fine. As you are unable to see the exact location of any airbnb, and we had moved from another location nearby, we were surprised and wish this info would have been noted.  Overall, we really enjoyed our stay. Thanks, Maya! I had a great experience staying at this residence. The space was very clean, comfortable and you do get what you pay for. The location is right next to the subway and is in a lovely Brooklyn neighborhood. Maya has a great coffee machine and is always there to help. Also an adorable cat and some great restaurants right next door. Maya’s place was perfect for my needs. It was clean and comfortable and very near the metro making easy access to the rest of Brooklyn/NYC. She provided detailed instructions for check-in and wi-fi, heating, coffee maker, etc. - thoughtful all around! Highly recommend!	1
251	Malli was a great host. The apartment is nice and clean, the  location is great. Highly recommended. Malli is an excellent host who is very attentive and makes sure you have everything you need, even snacks! The room was spacious, clean and comfortable. The place is just a couple hundred feet from the subway taking you to Manhattan in about 25 minutes. Theres also many restaurants, delis and shopping malls within walking distance. I enjoyed my stay and highly recommend Mallis place. Malli was a wonderful host, She truly make you feel like home, was very attentive. The room was nice and clean. Have a great location, is near to different stores and the train station. Im looking forward to come back. I highly recommend Mallis place. It was a nice, clean place that is well connected to Manhattan via the subway. Malli kept the place very tidy and was generous enough to offer us snacks and other provisions from her apartment. Super kind person, clean Place and near the metro, would recommend! Malli was an excellent host! She was welcoming into her apartment, which has neatly organized. The neighborhood is fairly quiet, but its also down the street from the subway that leads straight into downtown. Very close to some nearby shops and attractions too. Great place, huge room with very comfortable bed. Incredibly clean. Malli is kind, generous and respectful. Highly recommend! Malli is a great host and her place is really nice! Malli is an amazing host with concerns of her guests on top of her mind. Highly recommended A really spacious room with comfy bed. Malli is a friendly and obliging host. Quiet location close to the underground train station, only a 3 min walk away. Good area for shops etc. 1 Location: Excellent, noiseless ambience ( food place, shopping malls, banks and transportation with in reach) 2 Malli’s place:  Clean, well organized and cosy. 3 Host: Generous, helpful ( offered light breakfast and drinking water bottles) In short great Price and place for a short stay. Wenn ihr ein geräumiges Zimmer sucht und ein Bett, das breiter als 1,20m ist. Seid ihr bei Malli genau richtig.  Richtig unkompliziert war es und die U-Bahn ist direkt vor eurer Haustür.  Malli ist super gastfreundlich und fürs Frühstück ist alles wichtige da (Cornflakes, Milch, Kaffee, Tee und auch Wasser).  Halt richtiges Flushington Erlebnis. Malli was a warm and welcoming host. She provided coffee, tea, water and sweet treats. The room was as advertised--spacious, clean, comfortable and close to the subway. I would stay here again.	1
252	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay with Maria. Her place was so sweet, cosy and very clean. She was so helpful and lovely and her response time was immediate. The location is fantastic, central to Brooklyn Promenade and many shops, cafes, restaurants and the subway is so close! I would stay here again.  The reservation was canceled 21 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. This was a nice place to stay. It was quiet and clean. Stefania waited for me even though I arrived late and she met me when I left early morning. Only downside is that I was asked for a cleaning fee and a safety deposit, neither of which were mentionned in the posting. I wish it had been specified beforehand. Le studio de Maria est idéalement situé dans une rue vivante dans laquelle on trouve toutes sortes de commerces  et restaurants (breakfast divin juste en face de lappartement). Il est cependant très calme car donnant sur larrière. Près du métro qui vous conduit en 5 minutes à Manhattan, et à 100 mètres de Brooklyn promenade doù la vue est fabuleuse. Le studio est très bien équipé. Noubliez pas cependant de vous munir des documents attestant que frais de ménage et caution ont bien été réglés à airbnb,M aria, qui est charmante au demeurant, me les a demandés , pensant que ces frais se réglaient directement entrre le loueur et le locataire.   Cet appartement reste une excellente adresse.  ichèle Maria was an incredible host.  She let me check in at 7 am since I arrived on an early flight which was a huge help.  She was always available and responsive whenever I needed her and my experience overall was very positive.  The location is perfect too - right on Montague street full of shops and restaurants.  Highly recommended! Everything was perfect. Stefania was a very good host she answered every text and call whenever i needed. Her apartment is very cool and artsy and the neightbourhood is the best!!!!!  Thanks to Maria for the use of her apartment. Maria left clean towels and toiletries, as well as snacks and bottled water, which was a welcome sight after my trip. There were no curtains on the windows, but in the morning I saw that she has an extremely private view and I had nothing to worry about. I loved being among her paintings. Overall, a perfectly functional apartment in a great location. The host canceled this reservation 5 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 7 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Lejligheden er beliggende i et rigtig dejligt område - det tager kun et øjeblik  med toget  at komme til Manhattan.  Amazing studio in one of the greatest neighborhoods. Warm, quiet and clean. Near to coffee shops and restaurants. Stephanie was very friendly and proactive all the time. My top choice for future visits.	0
253	Nice clean place. I felt myself at home. Michella is helpful and flexible person.  Her parents  are super nice and always  available  for help. This apartment was exactly as it appeared in the photos, I arrived late and the hosts were very understanding. They provided me with detailed directions from the airport, they were kind, polite and always available if I needed them. jai beaucoup aimé  la maison,c’était vraiment si propre et bien organisée,tout ce quon avait besoin était la.  je recommande aux voyageur de louer la maison ca vaut bien la peinne. The hosts were so friendly and incredibly helpful! Everything was so clean and comfortable. As for accessibility, the train ride wasnt too long, and its always fun to take the ferry past the Statue of Liberty!   Great place, looked exactly like the pictures. The host was super friendly, and very helpful when it came to any questions. I asked to check in a couple hours early, and she was very welcoming. The apartment was clean, comfortable, and even came with basic kitchen items which was a nice surprise. The location is slightly far from the city, but super close to the train which takes you right to the ferry, the host was even nice enough to give me a ride to the train. There is also a CVS located directly behind the apartment which was very useful. I would highly recommend this listing to anyone, and plan on staying here again in the future. They also had an adorable gift basket waiting for me.  Our stay at Michellas was amazing! We were actually hosted by her lovely mother Ella who was nice enough to let us check in an hour early. They also welcomed us with a cute basket filled with complimentary fruits and treats. We were pleased to see that the place was stocked up with basic essentials which was great for us (cereal, milk, water, shower essentials etc). The bed was also VERY comfortable and relaxing. We will definitely stay there again if were ever in that area :)  My stay was exceptional, the hime was exactly as shown in the picture. I booked it for my birthday weekend and when i arrived she had a came and balloon waiting for me. Pantry was supplied with basic breakfast item such as coffee, cereal for a quick bite before heading, a gorgeous little fruit bowl. Christmas is my favorite holiday and i loved walking into the side door not only to find the lights glistening on the home , but the warm well thought out christmas decor. I absolutely loved and enjoyed my stay. She is very helpful and quick to respond  I felt as if i was in my own home.   Michella and Ella were extremely helpful in guidance to public transportation, which was all we needed to get into Manhattan and other areas of NYC! The apartment stands out a lot, the moment we stepped in we were amazed and felt very comfortable, 10/10. Very clean apartment, and has EVERYTHING you would need, even kitchen wares and utensils. They even had milk, bread, fruits, cereal, coffee, etc. for us! Great place to stay. Close to the local train station and buses. The place was warm, clean, and the shower had great pressure. Hope to stay here again! What a wonderful experience! Michella, her sister Veronika and her parents are the most friendly, welcoming, helpful host. They reached key hospitality goals. They concerned if I stayed comfortable and offered assistance to roam around NYC. They made sure I didnt get lost in the city :) This place is modern, warm and lovely. Pictures are really accurate. I highly recommend it!  I loved everything about Michellas place! The location is close to public transportation and her family was very helpful when I needed assistance. This was my first time staying at an Airbnb and I loved it!  Awesome place to stay such great hosts.  Thanks so much for your hospitality. The experience is most relaxing. Highly recommended for other travellers.  Great location with even better accommodations.  The best ever nothing else to say  This is a great place! Super close to public transportation and right behind a CVS. So convenient. Lovely, friendly, and very accommodating hosts! And their dogs are super cute!  Totally recommend this place to stay. The host was awesome and the place has an excellent location, accesible to everything. Definitely would stay again.  Love the place, super sweet & homely. My girlfriend and I loved this place!  It was clean and nicely kept. Michella was very friendly. It was very easy to get from there to the (free) ferry into NYC! We had a great experience and highly recommend this place. My mom and I stayed here for a girls getaway after a stressful semester in my nursing Masters program. This was just what we needed. We were greeted sweetly at our arrival, and the place was spotless and smelled wonderful (and we are picky)!! The bed was soooo comfy and the decor was in such good taste!! We loved the little snacks and having the essentials already in the fridge when we arrived! We enjoyed our breakfasts of toast, fresh fruit, and hot tea, and the ferry rides and early morning/late night walks through the cute neighborhoods were thoroughly enjoyed! Thanks for being such amazing hosts and for the great communication before, during, and after our stay!! HIGHLY recommend this place if you want a quiet cute place to rest away from the big city!! Would love to stay again!! (: If you are looking for a friendly, welcoming environment look no further.  The apartment was the perfect location for home base after a day of adventuring in NYC.  Our host family was very gracious and helpful.  They get 5 stars all around! This place was great! Very comfortable and a great location! Thank you so much! Great place, awesome hosts!  Ella and her family are great people, fantastic hosts, their home is excellent. Close to public tranportation, you can get to Manhattan in 60 min. The house is exactly as on the pictures, clean, friendly, in a nice region of Staten Island. Highly recommended, we spent a wonderful week here. Ella, thanks a lot for all your great support and warm welcome, we will come back for sure:) Great place to stay, hour away grom Manhattan. Great host and lovely neighborhood! Deffinetly recommend this to anyone who is on a holiday.  Our stay in Ellas apartment was perfect. The communication with Ella and her daughter (and also with the cute dogs) was very good. They helped us a lot with the transit to NYC and gave us tips regarding sightseeing and so on. On arriving, Veronika showed us the neighborhood and supported us with necessary and helpful information. The apartment was very clean and there was nothing missing. The kitchen is fully equipped and the decoration is also very nice. We had enough towels and the bed was very comfortable. The connections to Manhattan are very good. There is a bus which starts near the house (3 minutes footwalk) which goes directly through the city centre (approx. 1 hour). Another possibility is to get by train and ferry. Directly beside the house there is a CVS (supermarket). All in all we had an memorable stay in the apartment, there was nothing missing. The fridge was equipped with eggs, milk and cheddar and so on. Everything for a little breakfast had been provided by Ella. If we get the chance, we will stay again in Ellas apartment.  We stayed at Michellas place this weekend while we were in NYC for the 5 Boro Bike Tour. The 40 mile event finishes by crossing the Verrazano Bridge and crossing into Staten Island. The AirB&B was very convenient for this. Any one looking for a place next May should check this one out!  It was absolutely clean and very comfortable for our stay. It was a 5 minute walk to the trail station that takes you right into the ferry building for a quick trip on the ferry to be right in the city. A modern, impeccably clean, comfortable apartment with its own entrance. A full size refrigerator, gas stove, eye level 1000 watt microwave, cable tv, fully furnished with pots, pans, silverware, dishes, bowls etc. Shower has great water pressure. Close to Express buses and the train. Fast trip into Manhattan or Brooklyn. 5 New York style pizzarias within a mile. World class Sushi nearby. Ella, our host, was extremely helpful and nice. She made us feel at home. We will definitely stay here again. Fab apartment in a great location for NYC. Ella is a lovely lady, who supplies chocolate, cakes and other necessaries. Ella and her family are warm, kind people and are great hosts. The apartment is on the lower floor and is bright, airy and modern. A great place to cook, eat and relax after a day out in the city - which is very accessible from the property. It is very clean, tidy and user friendly. I would give the whole package a 10/10 and would like to visit again, if the opportunity arose. This was my first Airbnb and I am so very impressed.  Its really a enjoyable place to live. Ella is really friendly and helped us to do a lot of things. She drove us to exchange money and caught the bus. Its always our memory to stay in NYC. Thanks a lot! Wir wurden sehr freundlich empfangen. Das Apartment ist sehr schön und sauber. Es war alles vorhanden,  inklusive verschiedener Lebensmittel und Getränke. Wir haben uns äußerst wohlgefühlt. Ella war immer bemüht, uns zu helfen.  Vielen Dank für Alles.  EXCELLENT COMFORTABLE CONVENIENT CLEANLINESS BEAUTIFUL!!! Thank you Ella for being such wonderful accommodating host. Your place is very comfortable, clean, updated with style and welcoming. If you have the opportunity to stay at the cute AirBnB you will absolutely love it.   We spend wonderful time to Ellas home like were at home!  She welcome us at 11 PM so kindly and the fridge was full. The appartment is very clean and well fournished to do some meals. Nearby there is an express bus to Manhattan anytime. Thanks so much Ella for your hospitality. Yannick and Perrine Would absolutely recomment this beautiful apartment to anyone stayin in NYC. It was perfect. We both enjoyed the stay and would definitely consider staying here again if we come back to NYC. Ella was so helpful and even went out of her way to show us around a few blocks and to a lovely park nearby. Also went and bought us bread and milk which was very thoughtful we must say! The apartment had everything from cereal to all cutlery aswel as shampoos and plenty of clean towels.  If you like to sleep without noises, lights, traffic sounds o parties near by, this is the best option if your are planning to spend some days in New York City, Manhattan.   We arrived and there was food in the refrigerator that saved our life when we arrived at 2am after a long flight from Mexico, migration line and transportation from de airport.   The space is really confortable and perfect to relax after a long day in the city. Near by the house is a pharmacy, a lot of good food places, the rail train that takes you to the ferry and than to the city. Plus a lot of buses to go to Manhattan.   It is not so close to the city but the transportation is really safe and enjoyable. Plus, its the perfect place if you are looking for a different kind of trip, one a bit more adventurous and free, not like checking in a hotel in Times Square, but really knowing you will be getting the rest you need to enjoy your vacation.  Ella and the family were awesome hosts and made us feel at home.  We are so happy that we found this place, I totally recommend. The apartment on Staten Island couldnt be nicer and the hosts are lovely too. The apartment is just as described with toiletries in the bathroom and bread, ham, preserves, water and butter in the fridge plus tea, coffee and milk. There is a fan and air conditioning in the bedroom and its a very comfortable queen size bed. The apartment is immaculate and fresh. The hosts also have two adorable Pomeranian that my son loved and played with, which made us feel relaxed and at home. A wonderful stay, thank you Ella, Michelle and Veronika xxx Этот отдых для нас был самым лучшем в нашей жизни!!! Спасибо  огромное Элле,Мишель,Веронике и Виктору, это самые добрые и отзывчивые люди!!!!  Их прекрасные питомцы Лола и Микко !!! Они создали тепло и уют! В апартаментах есть все что нужно- от дизайна до техники , есть русское телевидение !!! Совсем не сложно добираться до Манхэттена! В округ все в шаговой доступности- магазины и рестораны!!! Так что если ещё кто-то раздумывает ехать или нет,то зря теряет время, ехать однозначно , лучше места нет на свете!!!! Ещё раз спасибо огромное за отдых!!! Could not have hoped for a better first experience with Airbnb! We received such a warm welcome from Michella, always ready to help, giving advices, and even offering snacks. Moreover, the flat was very clean and comfy, we really enjoyed our stay at her place and would happily consider coming back next time well be visiting the Big Apple - hopefully soon ;) We loved staying in your beautiful appartment  it was clean and comfortable. A great place to stay. You were very friendly en helpful, we want to thank you for that.  You are a great host. We have had a wonderful time in New York. This little apartment in Staten Island is great. Located walking distance to the buses and trains which in turn get you into Manhattan, from there the subway can get you the rest of the way if you wish to go further. Ella and her family were so welcoming. Ella went out of her way to show us around locally and point out the train station, bus stop and shops. We highly recommend, great location, great value, great hosts. Thanks again :) This was my first Airbnb experience and I could not have been happier. Ella’s place was extremely clean and comfortable. She was very helpful and pleasant to deal with. 5 star host all the way! Appartement très agréable, au calme, très bien équipé. Propreté irréprochable.  Accueil très chaleureux de notre hôte, très attentionné. On recommande sans hésiter. Laccueil était vraiment superbe, lappartement était propre, confortable, dans un quartier tranquille. Vraiment très au-dessus de nos attentes! Ellas home was perfect for my trip. The place was clean, quiet, and cozy with many amenities I needed. Ella and her mother always got back to me quickly when I was in need of anything. There is a CVS located very close and several resteraunts and delis/bakeries  also within walking distance. If I ever come back to Great Kills I would stay in Ellas home again. Ella and Victor were the most gracious hosts. Their cozy place was exactly what we needed for our trip. It is very clean and all the thoughtful extras were appreciated. Perfect place for 2. We will stay again when in town! Ella was a great host ..I had a lovely time everything was nice & clean.Ella was very polite & welcoming I came a stranger & believe I departed with knowing a friend ..The place was nice & clean I loved the attention to detail ..She made my daughters feel very special & they loved every bit of attention from her dogs. I would definitely stay here again when I visit..Ella was also accommodating considering last minute I brought both my young daughters instead of one; she also made sure I knew how to get around town & even offered to help with obtaining metro cards for us ..In all I enjoyed the apartment , the area & the host it was all perfect for A holiday get away Michella is a great host. She goes over and above to make your stay good. Lovely apartment.  We would book here again and tell our friends. Although the apartment is a little away from the Staten Island Ferry it gives you time to relax away from the busy city. Transport is good and cheap or free . What was special about this apartment? EVERYTHING!  Ella and Victor are beautiful hosts - very considerate and caring. The apartment is stylish, clean and comfortable. The location, though away from Manhattan, is a haven to come home to at the end of the day. There are foods in the fridge for breakfast, milk for the morning or evening cuppa, little treats in the cupboard - my list could go on but I think you get the general idea. Would I recommend this haven to others? Yes! Will I be back? Yes, I hope so. If Lady Luck brings us back to New York - most definitely! We loved our stay! The apartment was beautifully decorated and spotless. The refrigerator and kitchen were already stocked with all of the essentials!! The host was excellent, she even gave us a ride to the train station on our last day! Hi Michella und Ella, uns hat der Aufenthalt sehr sehr gut gefallen. Ihr seid soooo liebe freundliche Menschen. :) tolle saubere Unterkunft. Die Unterkunft würden wir immer wieder buchen. Die ganze Familie ist super lieb und wir wurden sehr herzlich aufgenommen. Man hat sich gleich wie zuhause gefühlt. Wir vermissen euch jetzt schon :)  Liebe Grüße Angela und Nicole ❤️ Absolutely beautiful! Checkin was easy and the place was beautiful. There was an unavoidable issue with flooding of the apartment but Ella and Victor were phenomenal hosts. Despite having to move to another room on my last night, the whole experience was great.	1
254	Georges place is a great spot and we were very happy with the stay. The apartment was clean and well kept, and it was very comfortable.  The place is at an excellent location (right next to 2nd Avenue in Manhattan) if you are here to explore the wonders of downtown. Times Square is hardly 15-20 mins walk and a plethora of food options, groceries and taxi options are available around the property. Subway and buses are also available close-by, though we did not need them during our stay. The place is clean, huge main bedroom and decent sized two other bedrooms. Kitchen is well-stocked with cooking pots and crockery. The washer/dryer is available in the buildings basement and requires a pre-paid card to operate, which you need to get from the host. Overall, its a very nice place and we would definitely consider staying here again when visiting Manhattan area. Hola! George siempre respondió mis llamadas y fue muy amable en modificar la hora de ingreso por nuestra llega a NY , no tuvimos el gusto de conocerlo en persona.   La ubicación del apartamento es espectacular Midtown es un barrio lleno de vida te puedes sentir seguro caminando de madrugada hay todo tipo de tiendas 24hrs , restaurantes y comercios.   La estación del metro esta a 3 cuadras aunque un par de cuadras mas y accedes a la 5Av altura de  Rockefeller Center.   El edificio no es nuevo , pero relación costo ubicación lo vale totalmente el apartamento se encuentra en buenas condiciones muy recomendable si van varios ya que es muy difícil encontrar lugares con 3 recamaras en Manhattan.  Appartement typique New Yorkais au 6ieme etage dans un immeuble ancien de 12 étages situé dans Manhattan Est comprenant 1 grande chambre et 2 petites chambres. Petit Bemol pour lisolation phonique mais lappartement est situé dans une rue assez calme.Lappartement est bien équipé   The location was great! Truly in the middle of all the action! It was walking distance to almost anywhere you would want to go to in NYC. The pictures are accurate and actually bigger than I thought! This place is huge for NYC standards.  Apt was nice and as advertised, though quite small for a 3-bdrm-- really a spacious one-bedroom with the living room sub-divided to create two additional rooms.   Only issue was that host was hard to reach once we got to the apt. Left one roll of toilet paper for a 5-night stay and didnt respond when we inquired where additional TP might be stored.   Overall a very nice place, but a bit on the pricey side for the size, even for Manhattan.  Casa confortável, bem localizada, fica perto de tudo. Ficaria nessa casa novamente. Possui tudo o que você espera para se sentir em casa. Em minha próxima viagem, eu desejo ficar nessa mesma casa. Location is the best asset to this apartment. No TV that works and no internet. Host is communicative and responsive. The apartment needs some updates.  Very Good location but not good beds and smell. Up to you what more important. 我们晚上9:00入住的房间,房间里所有的床单,被套,整套都没有更换,根本没有办法入睡,当天晚上我们只能穿着衣服入睡。第2天联系了房主,依然没有更换,第3天晚上很晚了,来了一个清洁工更换了刚刚清洗好的床单和枕套,但是被套依然没有清洗,很糟糕的一次入住体验,这是在爱彼迎住宿最差一次住宿体验。位置非常好,离时代广场大约有20分钟步行路程。周边很安全,即使玩到晚上2:00回家也很安全。 El departamento está en una ubicación genial. Las camas son excelentes, la ducha también. El WiFi funciona perfectamente. Solo pondría algunas toallas de cara . Y algún producto de limpieza. Es excelente fuimos 6 mujeres y la pasamos genial. Tiene portero todo el día . Y en la esquina hay un súper 24 hs . Relación calidad precio excelente Perfect stay , it was a last minute reservation , the place is exactly as advertised , it is spacious enough for group of 6 , location is central and very convenient , 5 min from the subway and close to many attractions.  The building is secured and safe and George was responsive and helpful despite the last minute reservation.   Thank you George see you for sure again	0
255	Everything was exactly as the description says! Photos are totally accurate. The bed was comfy and everything was super clean. I felt safe in the apartment and neighborhood. Super close to some good restaurants and Grand Central, which means it is near major subway lines.  My only recommendation for future travelers is that if you want 4 people to stay here, keep in mind that the pull out couch is a little small so the 2 on the couch have to get snuggly. The host, Itay, quickly and thoroughly responds to messages.  Definitely would stay here again! Do not go there. Messy, discusting and dirty. Description no where near the cramped, depressive and worn down place you will meet Great location and clean place. Just a little thight for more than 3 Great location! Close to the subway and has many restaurants and bars right around it. Italy was a great host and was great with communication! I would highly recommend. It was really clean. Everything was better than I expected! O studio é muito bem localizado! Em 15  minutos de caminhada agradável, você já chega na Times Square. Há farmácia e padarias 24h bem próximas, além daquelas típicas pizzarias de NY c/ fatia a 0,99. rs O metrô é bem próximo, ponto de ônibus também. Voltaria a ficar no local! Perfect for a trip to Manhattan for a couple of friends or small family. The futon and air mattress can easily sleep an extra couple adults or children. Location isnt too far away from the Subway and there is free parking right in front of the hotel on the weekends and after 4 pm until 8 am. There is also a fair priced parking garage right across the street. Itays location is fantastic -- literally just behind the United Nations and two blocks from the majestic Grand Terminal.  There are Citi Bike sharing stations a block away as well and supermarkets, eateries are all nearby.  Checkin was flawless using the keyless codes.  The property is in a unique pre-war building that is amongst towering glass buildings.   Clean and well decorated and fast internet.  It looks the same as in the photos.   This is a great choice in NYC.  Itay constantly updated me prior to checkin as they change the keycodes occasionally. Great Great place, the set up is so nice. We really enjoyed our stay! The apartment is in a great location with only a 20 min walk to Times Square. There are several amazing restaurants all within walking distance from the apartment. Itay was very attentive and very accommodating due to some rescheduling issues we had on our end. I would definitely recommend staying here. What a nice place to stay! Itay is a great communicator and everything is organised smoothly. Thanks Itay! Itay was a great host. We stayed 3 nights for a sight seeing and his studio was perfect for three of us. It was very clean and neat, well equipped as exactly advertised.  Check-in and out was very easy and smooth. Wifi, A/C and hot water worked great! Secured building, safe neighborhood with a lot of restaurants and stores made us feel very comfortable. It is on 4th floor and no elevator in the building might be a issue for some people but I definitely would recommend to friends. I’m glad I stayed at Itay’s place. It’s very near all attractions,historical landmarks, Central Park, 5th Avenue if you want to do any shopping & near restaurants/bars if you want to enjoy the nightlife. The airbnb studio was very clean,spacious, and looks exactly like how you see them on the pictures. Itay was very accommodating and is GREAT at communicating and making sure your stay at his Airbnb home is comfortable and you have everything you need. If I ever come back to NYC I for sure  will book this studio again. Thank you so much Itay for everything!! Cute and clean apartment in a great location. The apartment is just a short walk to Grand Central where you can hop on the subway to anywhere you want to go.  There are also plenty of good bars and restaurants close by as well. Great apartment! This apartment was the perfect place for a girls trip of 4. It’s a great location and very chic. The futon could have been bit more comfortable but it certainly got the job done. I️ highly recommend this place! Will be staying again next time I’m in NYC! Excelente ubicación, seguridad y limpieza.  Jackie es excelente persona.  Me sentí como en casa. Check in was no fuss and the place is fantastic. It’s close to transport and amenities, so getting around is easy. A really great place to retreat back to after a busy day! This place was just as I expected as per my conversations with Itay! He was great! Location, location, location!!!! This place is the right place to stay in NYC if you want to be in the city! Near great restaurants and a few blocks away from Times Square and Rockefeller Center. Close to the UN also. 30 mins car drive from the airport. Super clean and modern. Comfortable bed and beautiful bathroom. Recommended 100%. Italys flat is perfect for a short escape. Clean, tidy and very close to the Grand Central. The area is very nice and quite during the night. Itay is a nice host and very helpful (also when you ask stupid questions). I highly recommend his flats. Itays place is perfect for a trip to New York.   The location of the apartment was great. Most places are walkable and if they are not, Grand Central Station is only a 10 minute walk from the apartment. The apartment is about a 20 minute walk to Times Square, Rockefeller, and Central Park. It is about a 40-50 minute walk to East Village.  The apartment was just as pictured. It was extremely clean when we arrived. For an NYC apartment, it is actually pretty large. We had two people and there was ample room. The shower is larger than I expected. The kitchen is well equipped with a coffee pot, cook top, pots and pans, and all silverware/dishes you could need. The bathroom was stocked with toiletries, towels, and a hair dryer. The heater worked great and the water got hot (it does take a couple of minutes to warm up but it gets very hot after that).   The building is older but it is NYC so that is normal. There is a code to enter the building and then a separate code to enter the apartment. No keys are needed! Itay made check in very simple. We did not arrive until 1:30 AM and he had sent us the codes and directions to get into the building and the apartment. This was appreciated at such an early hour.  If you are planning a trip to NYC I would highly recommend staying at Itays apartment. It was the perfect place for a weekend getaway. Great place to stay. The location is only a few streets over from the main attractions of the city. The place was super cute with restaurants and corner stores close by. Great for small groups. The apartment is well located, at walking distance from grand central station. I think it is for maximum 4 people, the sofa cama is for one person, it is rather small, and the inflatable mattress would work for an extra person. It Was not really equiped for 5, Itay Was quick to respond and sent us some extra things (everything Was set for 4, plates cutlery) but even still we had only 4 towels and just one extra pair of sheets.  The apartment Doesnt have an elevator and since it is on the 4th floor it May be tiring to bring the suitcases up the stairs.  I would recommend it for a small group of people (3 or in extreme cases 4) it is nice and at a walking distance. Muy buen lugar. Ubicación inmejorable. Itay respondía de forma rápida  precisa las consultas. Recomendado El departamento muy limpio y bien ubicado. El exterior del edificio no es muy vistoso y tiene solo escaleras. Pero sacando eso, fue una excelente estadía. La calefacción y el agua de la ducha cumplieron excelentemente. Cuando tuvimos algún inconveniente o duda, itay respondió al instante. Contamos con sábanas y toallas. Recomiendo el departamento Bad communication, clean place ,rude hosts Even before our trip had even started there was so much complications (on our end, not Itays) Itay somehow manage to work it out & helped us along with Airbnb support & made this trip one of the very best. I return to NYC every year but this year I decided to bring friends who have never visited NYC before. Our trip was almost a disaster & I did not want NYC to be like that for a first impression to them! We had a red eye flight arriving / late flight departing NY; Itay couldn’t accommodate us with early - late check out BUT his reasonable price per night gave us the opportunity to be able to book 6 nights for a good price! We only needed 4 nights but the two extra nights gave us early check in (1AM) & late check out (11PM) without any problems. As we got everything settled & figured out (we booked in October), the time to check in came sooner. On the day of our trip, our flights got cancelled due to the cyclone bomb!! We weren’t able to book another flight until Saturday which would cut our trip way shorter. I contacted Itay & asked him for a refund for at least the two days we couldn’t come due to the blizzard & also contacted Airbnb support for help. Within one hour we had everything settled. What made it better was that after all that my airline gave us a chance to extend our trip and return on another day for no fee’s at all. I called Itay and instead of a refund, Itay moved our dates & rearrange it around for us & Airbnb did an excellent job helping as well! In the end we were able to stay 1 day longer & Itay refund whatever price change we had. During our stay the complex had a fire sprinkler break, it flooded the entire first floor & apparently almost every room in the building for the first 2-3 floors had a leak or something. Itay reached out to us & apologize & even gave us a full night refund for any unnecessary problems it gave us! The only problem it really gave us was the water was shut off from 10pm - 2am which we were fine with! Itays communication + problem solving was A1! He made sure we were happy all the time. The location is awesome. 5 minute walk from Grand Central Terminal + many other things. It was an easy pick up spot for most ubers as well. Self check in & out was easy as well since there was no keys & only number pads for codes. The only downside about the place is it is 4 flights of stairs up. We had about 6 luggages (for 5 people) and carrying it up was tiring and it was tiring coming from a day of long activities to walk up cause there was no elevators & the... Excellent stay! Its a nice place. Only complaint was that the building didnt have an elevator. And the air mattress was actually deflating over night so we couldnt use it. Also, we had some people over for drinks and they called the next day saying we werent allowed parties...  It was different than expected especially for such a young themed vibe the place and building was giving. Its good for 2/3 people max. Dont bring more than that or you will be confined in space. The apartament looks exactly like the pictures. We have been very comfortable, the location was so good. Itay is very kind and friendly, and he answers very quick whatever you need. We recommended this accomodation if you go to New York!! Just as pictured. Perfect for my short stay in NY. And Itay is great with communication.	1
256	Great place to stay Located very close to LGA and was easy to take the subway to Manhattan. Great place to stay for one day, layover, or extended time to enjoy NYC on a budget Cheap room in a safe area. Less than 20 mins to LGA airport. 30 mins to Manhattan by subway which is about a 15 minute walk to the R train! Kitchen is equipped with everything you need. There are tubs marked with your room number so you know whats yours which is great. Floors in the room were quite dirty. Comfortable bedding. Fast wifi. The room was really cute and looked just like the picture, host was difficult to communicate with in the beginning but was helpful while we stayed. Our room was really cold even after I’ve asked the host to give us some heat so bring warm pajamas! Loved the location it was very safe and convenient! Wouldn’t stay at the same house again but would stay in the same area! Dragan‘s place is good for one night but I would not stay longer at this Airbnb.  Pro: Communication, Location  Contra: Cleanliness, bed was broken, towels smelled bad As advertised.  Clean, large room, comfortable.  Nice selection of stores and restaurants on 30th (1 block away, no 29th) all the way into Astoria.  Bodega 1 block away for bread, milk, etc. Clean, good location, easy check-in. Dragan was communicative and the whole trip was very easy. Thanks!	1
257	"Affordable option to stay in nyc Kiko is a wonderful host who both respected my privacy and offered openings for warm & honest communication. Its not every trip that I end up with not just a inexpensive & seamless rooming experience, but a genuine friendship. Ask him about his grandmothers crepes. Typical chinatown flat ! Great place for a weekend in the city: handy to Canal St station -which gets you anywhere, cool Chinatown building and the rooftop view is as good as it sounds. Cant fault the host either. Kiko really made us feel welcome and his little amenities left in the room were a nice, useful touch. Kiko is an amazing host and a very interesting personality. We enjoyed our stay at his place. Kiko was nice and very welcoming great stay ! Check in time was flexible, as was check out. Access to the roof was great, and so was the AC. Also really enjoyed the water pressure in the shower. The apartment is in a great location, close to popular spots in Manhattan as well as a relatively quick train to Brooklyn. Never actually met Kiko during our stay, but his place is well kept. The only thing I wish I had had was a thicker blanket. All we received was a thin top sheet, but with it being summer this wasnt a big deal.  Would definitely stay again! The room was small but clean and cozy. Everything there looks as on the photos. Kiko provided us a very accurate description of the location, so we did not have any problems to get there. Even though we did not meet Kiko (we were staying there only for one night), he was very willing in responding to our questions. This place was great if you want to be in manhattan to explore. Its near subways and has lots of things happening. We never sat down to watch hbo or got up to the roof but the bed was comfortable and it was nice to have access to amenities should we want them. Everything was clean the only thing was after a long day of walking 4 flights was a battle but as long as you save a little energy this place is lovely. Finally Kiko is a great communicator and a traveler as well and is very understanding. Kiko was a great host; very trustful, reactive, nice. He gave us good informations and advices, the place was perfectly clean, close to the subway... Thank you again! I enjoyed so much staying at Kikos place, he was very helpful  andering all my questions,  responding to my massages. Its a great location,  close to the subway and walkable distance to many touristic places. There are plenty of restaurants and cafes in the neighborhood. It was clean and the bed was comfortable. I would recomend to stay with Kiko. Kiko was really polite and friendly and listed the property very accurately. He helped us out by showing us a few places to go around NYC. Would stay again if I was visiting again! Perfect Journey! Kiko is a very helpful guy, very good communication skill and a very kind person. The appartement is simple but we only was in to sleep. The rooftop is also a very good place! Thanks kiko! Cozy and great location in Chinatown I very much enjoyed my stay here. The room looked exactly like the pictures, and was very clean and comfy. I enjoyed the access to the roof, views of world trade and empire state Building . Appartement très bien situé avec toutes les commodités à disposition.  Un vrai voyage en Chine à New York ;). Kiko est très gentil et prévenant. Kiko was friendly and prompt at communicating and helped arranged for us to drop our bags off before check-in. The room itself was bigger than we had expected and the mattress was incredibly comfortable. The location was very Central and within walking distance of multiple subway lines. Great value! Great, simple place right in the middle of Chinatown. Its an experience to walk out of the front door of the apartment complex, as Chinatown is a fun environment full of food, shopping, and people watching. The apartment is close to subway stops to get uptown or over to Brooklyn with no problem.  During the evenings the apartment is quiet, a rarity in NYC. To compliment the quiet evenings, the Casper mattress sleeps very well. I slept like a rock throughout the night.   If youre looking for an apartment that feels like a true NYC Chinatown experience, this is it. Kiko is great at communication, and although we never met him (we were out all day exploring the city), he was very kind, helpful, and quick to respond to whatever we needed. Definitely looking to come back! Kiko es un gran anfitrión, a pesar de que no lo conocimos en persona estuvo en contacto y al pendiente en todo momento. Mil gracias Kiko!! Lo recomendamos!! Kiko was very available and respectful. His place was exactly as described and all of our stay went fine. Very good host, easy stay, clean. Kiko is very quick to respond and very accommodating to people he hosts. The location of his place is really close to the Canal St subway station and is of walking distance to Times Square. Theres also a number of food places right outside his door. I do recommend TenRen tea shop for a snack and drink. Kiko is kind . He gave me extra blanket . Thank you !! El hospedaje ha sido muy bueno, la ubicación es buena a pocas cuadras de varias líneas de metro. El lugar esta limpio (a pesar de estar en el barrio chino), ordenado y siempre Kiko nos atendió muy bien. Lo único engorroso puede ser subir los cuatro pisos por escalera con mucho equipaje pero el resto impecable! Its a small but cozy place that is close to everything! You are right in China town and with in walking distance of little Italy. Want to go to times square just hop onto the subway and you are there in less then 20mins. I never met the host but he was very detailed in his directions of how to get to the place and willing to help in anyway to make sure my stay was enjoyable. The place is very well kept and clean and like others have said, surprisingly very quiet. I would stay here again. Kiko has been a very friendly and helpful host! He took the time to chat with us and even recommended to us a great noodle place in Chinatown (tasty hand-pulled noodles). The accommodation was tidy and clean and the location a short walk from the Brooklyn bridge and other lower East Side sightseeing spots. Highly recommended! We didnt have a chance to meet Kiko in person but he was always available via message. The location is great because there are a bunch of affordable food around and youre a 8 min walk from Canal street metro.  This would be ideal for travelers who are looking for a great deal and want to spend more time exploring the city. Just a heads up, if you leave the windows open, the apartment can smell like cigarette which I suspect comes from the neighbors and surrounding area. Also there are a lot of stairs to get to the apartment, so consider a lighter suitcase! Great for a one night stay (1 stop to NY for 19h). Really easy to check-in and to check-out. Restaurants, bars, parks next to the appartment. The situation is perfect between the airport and the town. The 2 negative points are the smell, but you are in the chinatown area, and the rooftop you can just see the view its nice to see the buildings next to the appartment but no way to stay on it more than 5 minutes (dirty and the smell too strong because just below you have a restaurant) Thanks to Kiko for the stay Everything was exactly as Kiko described it! My boyfriend and I never had the chance to meet him, but he made sure to contact me with all relevant info. The location is great, too. Kiko is very helpful and easy to reach - provies clear instructions and the place is great for a stay in NYC Central and quiet place to discover NYC with quick access to metro. Kiko is very helpful for check in and check out, very reactive. The apartment was perfectly located and was surrounded by great bakeries and asian restaurants. A must have seen for everyone who likes those things! 位置在中国城,特别方便!寸土寸金的地方,男主人已经努力让房间一尘不染了,虽然设施都比较老,但是那都是历史原因,生活起来很便利,到哪里都方便。入住也很简单!kiko 非常的helpful,我们入住的几天他刚好外出了,虽然没见到本人,但是他把我们需要用的全都准备的很齐全。 We had a great time at Kiko’s place! It’s right in the heart of Chinatown. And less than a five minute walk to Little Italy. Probably a 7 minute walk to the subway station. Although I didn’t have the fortune of meeting Kiko as he was out of town, everything was clean and ready for us upon arrival. He was very quick to respond (which is especially impressive because he was in Asia at the time). The roof access was the icing on the cake. Would definitely stay with Kiko again. Kiko was amazing!!! He keeps to himself but is extremely prompt in answering any questions via text or phone call.  For New York City this place is a jewel.  It is a typical New York City Chinatown apartment and it’s amazing if you are looking for that residential experience, living in New York feeling.  I will request availability when traveling to New York for this place again.   Thank you Kiko for everything and your hospitality was great! Kiko is a very kind person, he help me when I had a question and he try to help me in all moment, very careful with the details. If I return to NYC Ill try to find him again. Its a perfect place to stay in china town. Unfortunately we just have been there one night. Anyway if you dont mind about the 4th floor without an elevator, its a great location, close by the financial district and the metro is around the corner. If available Ill be there again. For the price, the location cant be beat! We were able to walk to some sights in Lower Manhattan, and easily accessed public transportation to the Central area and other parts. Kikos place was exactly as described, and we especially appreciated his timely and thorough communication. Kiko was very nice to us and he was very quick to reply. He was traveling to Mexico but still had time to reply to our messages in a very short time. The position is very nice, close to some delicious restaurants and at walking distance to Ground Zero, Brooklyn Bridge, and Wall Street! We very much enjoyed the stay at his house, plus its one of the most affordable options in NYC so I would totally recommend it :P Kikos place was Legit NYC living at its finest. Want to live and be like a local, try this place.  In the heart of Chinatown and in the old ""5 Points"" neighborhood; it was Awesome to stay here.  If you are a hotel type of person that needs a door person or must have an elevator; or just plain used to hotels in midtown or Times Square then this is NOT the place for you.  This is an old 1900s building and it is Great!  His apartment was above some Great Chinese places as well. Try Forlinis for Italian (2 blocks away).  Wed stay again in a heartbeat. Also, we had to leave our bags and Kikp was Totally cool with us. That alone saved us $20 in hotel baggage check fees.  Super fast replies from Kiko, and easy check in and check out.  Thanks, Kiko. Le séjour sest très bien passé chez Kiko! Kiko est très réactif et arrangeant. Lovely, quiet apartment that was perfect for a one night stay. Wonderful, clean place. Perfectly located in the city, salable to night life and restaurants. Kiko was super helpful, and even though we didn’t meet, everything went very smoothly. Kikos apartment is located on the edge of Chinatown and Little Italy, so it is near a lot of interesting eateries and markets. There are a few subway stops on Canal Street within a 10 minute walk, which was very convenient for traveling to Midtown and Brooklyn. My mom and I had no trouble sleeping at night because the area was surprisingly very quiet and the mattress was very comfortable. Despite visiting during a winter storm, our trip was great and I definitely recommend staying here for a unique NYC experience! Great man , great place . 10/10 would sleep again Kiko was a very accommodating host despite us never interacting face-to-face (due to our lifestyle schedules- were two college students who stayed out til almost midnight). He was readily available on his phone for our needs and questions as well as very great about letting us store our bags at his place before and after check in/out! He keeps his place well maintained and the bed is SUPER comfy! The building may seem old/sketch to an outsider, but the very kind Chinese apartment tenants remind you of the true quality of the building. We ran into multiple friendly people on his floor and in the building all offering a hello or quick chat. Chinatown/Lower Manhattan area was ideal for us as were close to bunches of great food places including Little Italy! Just remember that NYC is an expensive place to live so dont expect the Ritz Carlton from this place, but it does the job. You feel safe in the neighborhood and the bedroom was surprisingly spacious for a small apartment. If youre looking for a nice, reliable place to stay, definitely try Kikos place! Will be back here next time im in town and (hopefully) get to meet the gracious host himself!  ALSO: Great addition to the room was the fun little guide books about NYC and Secret NYC fun things to do that arent the norm! We loved getting ideas from these.  Kiko was very hospitable. His place is charming in comfortable, and the location cant be beat. I would suggest his spot to anyone! Kikos place is very Chinatown, in a really cool old Chinatown building, great location, incredibly good deal. I didnt meet Kiko in person but Kiko was super responsive, check-in was very easy and flexible.  The only thing I would suggest is a space heater as last night it was pretty cold! Kiko était très aimable! Lemplacement du logement est également idéal. Nous avons vraiment aimé notre séjour à NYC.  A great place to stay! It’s not a luxury hotel, but it was an experience of what I imagine it would be like living in NYC. The apartment is in Chinatown near heaps of restaurants and close to the metro and little Italy. Kiko was really friendly and had some good tips for places to go. 如果想体验下唐人街的感觉,住在这里不错 First time in New York and first time booking at airbnb - all worked out just great! I had a difficult situation with very early check-in and quite a delayed check-out - Kiko was helpful in both cases and allowed to drop bags early upon arrival as well as to keep them a bit longer after official checkout time (solely for storing purposes). Apartment was warm (despite cold winter days) and well prepared for a traveller with all extra things needed (bath, coffee, tea, etc). I had no difficulties climbing the 4th floor with heavy suitcase. Location itself is amazing as it brings you almost to the heart of chinatown with its small markets, restaurants and crowded streets - quite an atmosphere, with one of the best launch restaurants in the area only 10 meters away from the entrance. Manhattan and Brooklyn bridges are in walking distances, blue line towards JFK is 10 min walk away with heavy suitcase. Enjoyed the stay and would love to repeat one day. Great Chinatown location, near some great restaurants and public transportation. The host is very responsive and accommodating.  The apartment is on the 4th floor and there is no street noise that I could hear.  The bed was very comfy too. Thx! Great location and a nice play to stay at. Very quick and easy. Kiko is hospitable and very communicative. The MetroCards were unexpected and the place is in a great part of NY thats accessible to the rest of the city sans the noise one might expect from the city. Its cozy and great for short trips. Great value for money, great area to explore, no hassle for budget travelers. Comfortable mattress."	1
258	"Sofya was awesome and very kind. Great person, great place and great location! Sofya was an excellent host.  She was more than generous and very easy-going.  I really appreciated her flexibility.  And the apartment is a great location.  It was fun being on the upper east side for a change! Sofya was a super host and the place was perfect for sleeping and good location in NY The reservation was canceled 6 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Had a great stay at Sofyas. Very flexible and welcoming host. The location was perfect for me and the appartment was nice, with comfertable bed. Enjojed the stay very much, thanks!   My first time in NYC ! Many thx to Sofya for her precious advices about the city ! Shes a great person. The appartment was very clean, with a comfortable king size bed, very calm and so close from all the interesting areas of the city... I recommend it ! Great host whos very accommodating, reasonable and flexible. Booked the place very last minute and everything went well. Cute place at a location far away enough from the business of midtown Manhattan. all was fine, the location of this Apt. is perfect        Останавливалсь у Софии в сентябре месяце на неделю. Всё было замечательно. Спасибо Софии. Милый, замечательный человечек. Very well located, very comfortable bed and clean. Great if you want to visit nyc. Basic room in a great location if you want/need to be on the UES. Sofya was home when I was there but we only interacted briefly since I arrived late and left early.  She was very flexible and accommodating to my schedule. Based on the listing I had initially assumed that the rental was for the entire apartment but apparently when the room is rented Sofya sleeps on a mattress just outside the bathroom door. This made it a little awkward to maneuver in the morning when she was still sleeping but its also the reality of Manhattan life! I did feel like I was sleeping in someone elses bed/space (not a guest room) given that Sofya needed to come in to access the closet - but it was clean and the bed was comfortable.     Good location and easy to get to. Has the basics of what youll need. Would recommend.   Great visit in New York! The apartment is in a very safe neighbourhood with lots of shops and restaurants within walking distance. Sofya was very quick to respond to any questions we had while we were there. Great experience! Sofya is the best hostess Ive ever met! Thank you for my interesting and comfortable vacation in NYC! The excellent location of apt. and the excellent hostess! We spent 5 days in Sofyas apartment. It was very conviniently located. 8-10 minutes of walking from Subway, big supermarket (Empire foods) near Subway on the way to apartment. The apartment was quite, nothing disturbed us at night. Apartment had everything to feel ourselves relaxed at home after another crazy day at Midtown. It was very clean and neat. Sofya answered all our questions and was easy to communicate with. We can definitely recomend this apartment. The apartment was just fine - good location, clean and quiet. It is at the back of the building so is quite dark but the upside is little street noise. Nice comfortable bed in the main bedroom and good WIFI connection. We also used the sleep sofa in the other room which was less comfortable - but great to have two rooms and a living area. There is no TV so bring your laptop if you want to watch!  Sofya was always responsive to our emails.  This was a great place for our weeks stay in NYC. The reservation was canceled 38 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Clean and quiet Environment, 8-10 minutes walk from the subway. Perfect for 2-3 people. Would recommend to others. Sofyas place was clean, comfortable, great location in the Upper East, and she made everything easy. I would stay there again.   The reservation was canceled 26 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Sofya was very kind and nice. The apartment is a good base to get around Manhattan and in particular to visit the central park area.  The neighborhood is full of shops (24/7) and restaurants. Exactly what we needed for a 2 day stay in New York. Great location, easy to get out across Manhattan and the apartment had all the basics you need. Communication with Sofya was great and she was very quick to respond. Main bedroom is more comfortable than second room (pull-out bed) but both are more than adequate. Sofya is a great host.  Very friendly and easy to work with. The apartment is a true New York apartment - small and quaint with a great location to Central Park, East River and the subway.  BUT clients should be aware that the apartment is a 4th floor walk up with narrow stairs.  The 2 bedroom is deceiving, there is one bedroom with a queen bed, and the other ""bedroom"" is extremely small with an uncomfortable futon, and you need to walk through it to get to the bathroom.  There is wifi, but no TV (which is really OK in NYC).   The apartment is very nice! Im very happy to have found this location! I was there with a friend, two people with two bedrooms... In a word... Perfect! We find all the necessary we need, such as fresh towels, sheets and a very fast Wifi connectionThe apartment is in a nice location, very quiet and clean! There are many pubs, restaurants and 24h minimarket around the corner! Sofya is very very helpful !!!! I love his apartment... If I come back to NY surely I call Sofya!  Per gli utenti Italiani... Se volete info contattatemi senza problemi! Vi rispondo subito sulla mia esperienza!  This appartment could be OK for two persons sleeping in the queen bed. The other bed is not a bed : just a couch VERY unconfortable (a piece of metal hurts you all the night long); and you have to walk over the couch to go to the bathroom.  Money is asked for cleaning, but the appartment is not clean at all.  Neither organised for your arrival : no space in the kitchen, in the bathroom, to put your stuff. You have to leave your luggage as you can, on the ground.  The price asked (more than 120 euros) is VERY excessiv, except if you are a fan of Putin : a picture of him welcomes you when you arrive...   The apartment was with a comfortable king size bed and good WIFI connection  The apartment is in a nice location, very quiet and clean, with a great location to Central Park, East River and the subway/  There are many pubs, restaurants and 24h minimarket around the corner.  Sofya is a great host. The reservation was canceled 23 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Sofya was great! I needed a place at the last minute and she was able to accommodate and even arrange key pickup, as she was leaving town the day of check in.   The apartment is small-ish and simple, good if youre looking for a place to come back to for a shower and sleep (thats what I needed, I didnt hang out there much.)   Good part of town with lots of easy stores nearby.  Sofya actually appears to live in this apartment. A true Airbnb environment which is nice. The set up and coordination were easy and convenient; Sofya is a good and fast communicator. The apartment itself is clean and a good fit for 2 or 3 people. Sonya reflected it accurately in her pictures . My daughter and I had a terrific time in this super conveniently located apartment.  Would come back next week if I could. The apartment was perfect for our last minute New Years plans in the city. Great, safe location. Sofya made it all very easy and the apartment was very comfortable.  I stayed at Sofyas apartment for one night by myself on very short notice and am new to airbnb so I was happy that she was very accommodating.  When I arrived there was a small mix-up with getting the keys which caused a delay but Sofya was very helpful with straightening everything out which was great.  I found the apartment was clean and the bed was very comfortable.   el anfitrion nos hizo sentir perfecto, el barrio muy lindo, todo salio a la perfeccion Sofyas apartment is in a great area. Its about a 5-10 minute walk to the subway and theres plenty of food nearby. Shes also a very friendly host that replies quickly if you have any questions. Excellent place to stay in the upper east side.  The apartment was just as described, with plenty of space for two guys with the foldout couch.  We made arrangements to stay here at the last minute, and Sofya was accommodating and flexible.  Highly recommended!  The host canceled this reservation 35 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Sofya made it incredibly convenient to pick up the keys. My schedule changed a few times over the course of the weekend and she was completely accommodating and flexible in catering to that. Great place to quickly crash, recharge, and then get out to see more of the city. Hi--we stayed at Sofyas place for 2 nights. We turned up early after a long flight and she was very accommodating. Place was nice and it feels like a home. It is a fourth floor walk-up with a lot of bags could be problematic but we were able to cope. It was a good experience.  My friend and I stayed at Sofyas apartment for two nights and it was perfect. It is in a very safe area in walking distance to many restaurants and shops; the location couldnt have been any better. The actual apartment itself was great as well. It is very cozy/homey and a perfect size for two (or three) people. This was my first air bnb experience and I am extremely happy with how it went. Sofya is a super friendly and accommodating host.  I contacted her a few different times leading up to my stay - and also during my stay - with some questions that I had and she responded in a very timely manner.  I definitely recommend staying at Sofyas apartment!  I had a wonderful stay. Sofia made check in/check out extremely easy. I felt very welcomed and the location was wonderful. Lots of great restaurants nearby. The apartment was very sweet and warm, and we had an excellent weekend inside. Sofya was very helpful to our stay, and she prepared a variety of stuff including city guide and bath towel, etc. Sofya apartment fulfilled our needs for our stay in New York City.  She was always prompt and available for any questions we had. Would book again! Communication with Sofya was very easy, same with the checkin and checkout, apartment was clean and well located. Id come back ;-) I am very satisfied I booked this apartment.  Its located in a great little neighborhood in the Upper East Side with restaurants, coffee shops, dry cleaners, and small grocery stores.   You really feel like youre a New Yorker staying at Sofyas. You can easily walk to Central Park as well, which I did.     The unit itself was great! It was very clean and tidy. I never saw any of Sofyas neighbors and the building itself was very quiet. The bed was comfortable. The shower had plenty of hot water.   It is located on the 4th floor of a walk up; I didnt mind walking up a few flights of stairs.     My overall comfort was satisfactory.  I would recommend this place without reservation.     Additionally, Sofya was very prompt in replying to me when I asked a questions.  This is a great apartment in a great neighborhood, and you couldnt ask for a better host than Sofya. She was accommodating, responsive, and very clean. Apartment is just as spacious as pictured. Would stay again in a heartbeat. The apartment is in a good location close to everything.  It is an easy walk to Central Park, close to many food stores, cafes and easy to get a cab.  The apartment is small so great for one person - could be a stretch for two after a few days.  But great for a solo traveller.  Also be aware there are a lot of stairs.  Not a problem for me but theyre there if you dont or cant walk up several flights. This is a great place. Everything was described perfectly and no surprises. Neighborhood is amazing...  pubs, restaurants and cafes, food markets and  shops.   Sofya is an quick and excellent communicator. It was as simple as a hotel!  I would recommend and stay here again! This is a price you just cant beat for a weeks stay in New York! We had issues with the internet at first but Sofya promptly had the issue resolved.  Dont be afraid to reach out-she is quick to make sure you are comfortable and taken care of.  The shower was a bit smaller then I would have liked and the beds were ok, but again this is a price that makes it worth it! We found the location to be excellent-Central Park, museums within walking distance and great food around every corner! I have stayed with Sofya a couple times now and have had amazing experiences each time. She is a gracious, accommodating, and responsive host. Im looking forward to more stays here and would recommend this perfectly-located apartment to anyone.  Close to shops and restaurants yet secluded enough to avoid the heavy crowds that Christmas brought. Sofya siempre contestó rápido a los emais y aclaró todas nuestras dudas. Barrio tranquilo. Cerca de metro. Piso con wifi. El único problema cuando nosotros estuvimos es que la cama se hundía mucho, necesitaría renovarse.  Sofyas place is exactly as youd imagine it: a well lived in and comfortable upper East side walk-up. Having the den was really useful as I was able to keepy suitcase there and essentially out of the way. I stayed a month while I looked for a place of my own and had nary an issue, a neat surprise was that there was a projector on the bedroom so late night after work I could watch a bit of tv from my laptop in style! Overall the place is clean and friendly, its lived in so dont expect hotel spotless floors (but isnt that the whole reason you get an Airbnb?!) And the shower is a bit cramped but hey thats NYC for you! The location is really nice too, if youre going to Sloan or Lennox or just staying in Manhattan its right by the Q so getting places is easy and there are restaurants and night life all around it. I have my own place now but I wouldnt hesitate to stay again. Thanks! Great value upper east side apartment. I was in town for an interview at NY Presbyterian Hospital and it was extremely convenient. Easy walking distance to central park. Would definitely stay here again.   Good location. Good hostess. Mattress was a bit uncomfortable as it was indented in the middle. The apartment has everything to live in and barely worth the price: has some pros like being in a nice neighborhood, close to Central Park and main cons are the mattress that  was really uncomfortable for two people (first night I couldnt sleep well and had to fill with blankets in the middle to make it even, which helped for the following days) had very little space to store clothes or groceries (everything was packed with Sofyas things), and the shower is narrow. Sofya was very helpful with an electricity program (resolved within a few hours) and approachable via email before and during the stay. As I needed a comfortable bed and shower after being out the whole day, the apartment didnt fulfill my expectations  Нам очень понравилось месторасположение квартиры.  Во многие места можно было просто дойти пешком, что очень удобно. Хорошая спальня и кровать, немного шумно и маловато света, но в целом все понравилось. Great location, close to central park and the Q train.  Sofya is a great host who will make your stay easy and very straightforward.  The apartment is immaculate!  Great location and easy to get around the City. I really enjoyed my stay at Sofyas apartment. The apartment was clean, cozy and quiet. Her bed was very comfortable, she informed me that she got a brand new mattress. The place had everything I needed and was close to all the public transportation. It kind of felt like a very authentic New York apartment. Sofya was very nice and easy to communicate with, made me feel like I was home.  I liked all the nice little cafes around the place, very tasty food and so many choices of different cuisines. Great location, cute apartment and has everything you need plus a comfortable bed. Sofya was very attentive and great at communicating instructions. The neighborhood is also very friendly and accommodating. A wonderful stay!  Airbnb is clearly not for us.  We have had a good experience in Boston, but this experience helped us realize that a clean, well-equipped hotel room is perfect for us.  Sofyas apartment is in a good location, but the building is drab and unattractive.  Upon entering, the hallway smells of urine, and the hallways are dimly lit.  That was a huge safety concern for me.  The host was there cleaning when I checked in, which was after the published check in time, and claimed that I stated I would be in later, which didnt impress me.  The photos show a bright yellow kitchen AND a drab, dimly lit one....the dimly lit drab kitchen is the true kitchen, so I am not sure why the other pictures are posted.  The bedroom is as photographed and seemed comfortable, but when we realized how dark the apartment was, and how many amenities were missing (like the coffee maker, which the host offered to bring over later after I had called Airbnb to complain about a few things and request a cancellation) and that the door lock didnt seem to be working right, we ended up leaving.  We paid a much cheaper price for a clean, safe, comfortable hotel room elsewhere.  It was a shame not to be refunded fully given that we called to complain about not feeling comfortable there immediately.  To each, his or her own!  Not sure why people choose to do Airbnb really when you can stay in a nice hotel room and not pay a cleaning fee and Airbnbs fee....lesson learned. Clean, exceptionally well located apartment.  It is a bit dark but the bedroom is quite roomy and comfortable. I want to have positive things to say about the apartment, but the only thing I can come up with is that it is in a good location. There is visible evidence of mold all over the apartment, especially in the bathroom where black mold is all over the shower.  Easy transaction, convenient location, secure building. Nice place, good location. Very responsive and helpful hostess. Her apartment is bigger than I expected for New York City with a good location, super close to Second Avenue subway line. Would definitely recommend. Sofyas place could use a little more charm & personality (which she can control) and natural light (which she cannot), but overall it does the job -- clean, comfy bed, and a nice quiet location convenient to getting anywhere (esp. with addition of 2nd Ave subway). I read a few of the negative reviews, and it seems like they were less about the quality of this apt. and more the result of unrealistic expectations from people who (a) are unlikely to ever like AirBnB, (b) have never stayed in New York, or (c) both. Even the $200-300/night hotels in NYC are often cramped, old, and/or poorly lit Great host  - easy and quick communication. Perfect location and cozy/quiet apartment. Would def recommend to others My stay was everything one could ask for, from its prime location, its cosyness and space, not to mention the hosts speed, resolve and kindness, all of which being the best any guest could expect and perhaps more than most deserve. Good location in the upper east side, Sofya was responsive and helpful Good place, located close to public transit. Good for just a place to lay your head at night. Very convenient location & perfect for a weekend Nice cosy apartment, good location and good value for New York. Sofya was a good host and very communicative. Super comfortable bed, a big plus for me. Would be happy to stay there again. Sofya was incredibly responsive and helpful. Small but very conveniently located apartment right in the middle of everything. Sofya answered my texts quickly, much thanks again! This is the second time I have stayed in this place and never disappoints! Great place if you need a location close to the Lenox Hill hospital  and also Central Park! Nice places to eat within walking distance."	0
259	Hilda is a great host. Very kind and accommodating, she answered our questions very quickly and made sure our stay would be as comfortable as possible.  She made us feel like part of the family. The house is also very nice and clean, with great location and easy access public transport and Manhattan.  Hilda gave multiple sets of extra keys and clear list of whats in the area as well as instructions. We had a fantastic time and would stay there again. Perfect, it couldnt be better. The location perfect, a nice borough much better than being in Manhatan, lots of easy ways to get it but our favourite has been  ferry (a realy nice experience). Hilda leaves a doc with everything you should know about the house, the transport, shops, supermarket,..... The house is really beautiful, exactly as photos. We stayed two families, 8 persons, very confortable. It was tidy and very clean. The comunication with Hilda very fluent, she answered our questions before and during our stay very nicely and quickly. Of course, no doubt, if we go again we will try this house again. Thank you very much, Hilda. This was one of the best AirBnB rentals Ive ever been.  The listing was exactly accurate about what it offered.      Hilda was a great host and communicated extremely well throughout the process    I would recommend this rental to any large group that wants to have an oasis in the middle of one of the most beautiful and lively parts of Brooklyn.    Thank you Hilda! SUPER !! Hilda repond toujours tres rapidement aux messages, tres sympatique et attentionnée.  La maison est tres bien située et tres fonctionnelle.  Je recommande vraiment, nous y reviendront lorsque nous retournerons à New York.  Bonne continuation Hilda :-)) Nous avons passé un excellent séjour chez Hilda et son mari. Malheureusement, nous navons pas pu les rencontrer car ils étaient partis en vacances, mais les communications par mail ou téléphone ont été très rapides et efficaces. Hilda est très soucieuse du bien être de ses hôtes.  La maison est impeccable, très charmante et calme, et on y revient le soir après une journée fatiguante en ville, avec beaucoup de plaisir. Le quartier est très sympa avec tout ce quil faut pour la vie courante à 2 pas. Nous avons été très heureux de notre choix et de notre séjour. Fantastic property and brilliant hosts!!! We have an 8 month old baby and we have never felt so instantaneously comfortable in any other place we have ever stayed. Hilda and Matt visited us and really went out of their way to accommodate us. They also let us stay for a few extra hours on the last day so that we didnt have to wonder around new york with luggage and a baby for longer than we needed to. Loved my trip and it was all because of this house and the people who own it!!!  Thank you.  Puneet and family Siamo stati benissimo a casa di Hilda, fornita di ogni comodità, e accogliente, con i disegni dei bambini, i mobili di antiquariato, come solo una casa abitata dai proprietari può essere. Hilda sempre pronta a rispondere ad ogni richiesta. Il quartiere è molto tranquillo, ben collegato e con negozi e ristoranti vicini. Lo consigliamo!!! This was a beautiful home that met all the needs of our rather picky group. Hilda was a fantastic host and very quick responding to any questions that came up. The kitchen was well equipped and the sound system was a nice bonus. The AC is a bit noisy, but ear plugs were thoughtfully provided. Subway and groceries were conveniently located nearby. Overall, a very comfortable and delightful stay! Hilda was a great host and their place was perfect for our group of 6.  She was very helpful and answered questions quickly.  The house is great and located in a great neighborhood.    Cant say enough about how perfect this AIRBNB experience was for a group of four friends;  the house was a real home and absolutely beautiful - so bright, beautifully restored, interestingly laid out , with great deck and backyard... it had every convenience you could imagine including surround sound which had us singing and dancing the whole weekend.  The house is a block from the subway and there are tons of restaurants and bars in the area. Great walk to Williamsburg too... Hilda was a very kind and super genuine host... the place was spotless and she made it very easy for us to figure everything out .  All four of us were beyond impressed with this amazing home , in one of the best locations in Brooklyn... Thank you Hilda and Matt for helping us create the most memorable reunion we could have ever imagined!   Our family loved the place. Very spacious and central to everything we wanted to do. Could see the water from the Porch. This is a great location Thank you so much and we will definitely come back again!  I recommended this house. We had a great time! Thank you so much!  Check in was super easy and convenient, homeowners were available but not overbearing.  House was beautiful and very spacious.  Also in a great neighborhood and super close to the G subway.  Would absolutely come back!	1
260	"The host canceled this reservation 5 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. We had a good time visiting new york. Kayas studio is in a nice part of town with plenty of shops and bars in walking distance. The metro is a 10 min walk away and we were able to get where we wanted to go pretty easily.     Kaya was very prompt and helpful. She responded to messages very fast and all our questions were answered. Chus, the pup, was very friendly and cute.     We only had a few minor problems. The curtains fell and we were unable to put them back up, there wasnt any toilet paper so we had to buy some, there was quite a bit of dog hair so a lint brush was a must and there was an unexpected request for a cleaning fee that wasnt posted in the ad.     Im sure Kaya will resolve these problems since theyre minor fixes. We were overall satisfied because we just needed a place to sleep. Kaya is a friendly artist, that knows New York and will do all the best to make you feel comfortable at home in her house.  I definitely recommend the stay. Amazing location, quiet, friendly. We had a nice time staying at Kayas place. Its a good deal price-wise if you dont mind the lack of a private room. You have a private space that you might describe as a loft, but it is more than a loft because it is the largest area of the small apartment and you can stand up in it fully (unlike what one normally thinks of as a loft). As soon as I booked, Kaya contacted me to explain what the space was like and she sent photos to make sure we wanted it -- which we greatly appreciated. Kaya ended up sleeping at friends each night and texting with me so we knew when she was coming by to walk Chou (a very sweet dog). The bed was SUPER comfortable. The kitchen is super tiny and we didnt use it. The bathroom was fine. The location is great. Our flight had a 5 hours delay, Kaya and her friend Alexei have been very convenient while waiting for us. We did not have so much time to talk then, but they both were friendly and responsive by phone on the following days.   We had a really nice time at Kayas place ! The neighbourhood is great, we recommand the place  We had such a great stay at Kayas place! Kaya was out of town during our dates, but her friend Alexey was very friendly and helpful in welcoming us. The apartment is exactly what you see in the pictures, and had a lot of space. Very nice apartment, and very comfortable! Close to a few great restaurants within walking distance. Definitely recommend, thank you for having us! Located in a great area with plenty of restaurants and small bars to enjoy. The apartment building is very quiet at night. I had a lot of fun here. We had a great stay at Kayas place. My mom and I were in the city for 10 days and Kaya was very accommodating and attentive with all of our needs. Her apartment is comfortable and spacious enough for two people. Location is great, in a quiet street for New York and the subway isnt too far. Lots of shops and stores nearby so we could easily get anything we needed. It was nice to have a quiet home to come back to after a full day in the city. We were running a little bit late for check in and Kaya was very patient and her dog Chus is adorable! Would definitely recommend her place, great price too. Thanks again Kaya! I arrived and the host was a late and it was a it was a little chilly, was slightly annoyed. The place seemed fine initially until I started unpacking and noticed all the pet hair on the floor. The apartment is in a nice and safe location and has an elevator. small but comfortable. However she needs to clean up much better. The shower curtain is absolutely filthy and rotting food was left in the fridge with no trash can. The bed was so so. If you dont care about cleanliness then this apartment is for you. I only used the shower once because I was so grossed out. She seems like a nice person because I left my sunglasses and she held it for me and I was able to pick it up later. And that made me feel a little bad leaving this review but I wish I knew how the apartment really was. Kaya was a great host. She was super prompt with communication, friendly, flexible, and made sure that the accommodations were just right. Highly recommend her.  If you are searching for a safe place to stay that offer a great location, then Kayas place is it!    Thanks for always checking in Kaya. We have great time in Kayas apt. The studio is very comfortable, clean and warm! It is fully furnished and you can find everything you need to live there. The neighborhood is wonderful, I love that area! There are so many great restaurants, laundry (Kaya give you a card for the laundry), store and market! Near to the green line of the subway, Central Park and museum!  I think is the best area to live in Manhattan! Kaya is a great host, we didnt have any problem for check-in or the check out. She give us a lot of suggestions and she is very cooperative!! For sure next time we will come to Kaya apt!!! We only had a problem with the toilet; but the rest was fine. Kaya was nice, she helped us with everything she could and the place is fine; good for a couple. Kaya place was very comfortable and easy to get to. As a first time airbnb user Kaya was extremely welcoming and very helpful for any questions that I had. I would highly recommend because I know I had a great time! Kayas place was great! Reminded me of my old apt in NYC. Thanks for a great stay! It was a great location and very central to nightlife, Central Park, the museums, and public transportation. We had a great time. The only bad part about the stay was the noisy neighbors. Overall a great place to stay during a New York visit! My wife and I had a good time at Kayas place and a good overall experience. We recommend. Kayas studio is only a 5 minute walk to the Q Subway line (2nd ave subway), so its easy to get to all the sites of NYC.  Quiet, clean, and comfortable.   We had a fantastic stay at Kayas apartment. The apartment itself is as described - nice furnished, beautiful pictures, comfortable,clean and sunny. You feel very welcome! The spot is great, too! There are many shops and restaurants right around the corner and it only takes a few minutes to get to the city.  Besides that, Kaya was a great host. Unfortunately we didnt meet her personally but she responded every message quickly and she was flexible. Due to the fact it took hours to get through the passport control, we were running late for our check in. It was not a problem at all and Kaya simply organized a later check in, which was great!  I can only recommend this apartment! Thanks again for having us, Kaya!  Amazing place to stay in New York. The subway was a couple blocks away. Short walk, check in was super easy access to anything in the city and lots of good things nearby. The place has all the necessities and more. Would definitely stay again. Kaya è molto disponibile, precisa e gentile.  La casa era pulita e dotata del necessario. Ottima lubicazione in quanto collegata molto bene con la metro e ricca di ristoranti, pub, supermercati e farmacie.  Consigliato!  Kayas place is exactly as described: on a great location, clean and safe. Kaya is outgoing and quick and responding and problem solving (we have had a broken lock on a terrace door which was fixed within hours). We had a really good time in Kayas place. Shes a really kind host. The apartment is clean and well located near the Q subway line. We appreciated to be in a quiet place after long days of sight-seeing! We enjoyed a great stay in this apt.  It is perfect for one or two guests.  Was just as described.  Very neat and clean.  Kaya was very easy to work with, responsive to questions, and even checked on us to make sure we had everything we needed.  Would definitely recommend this apartment. Kayas place is a exactly like the photos   The area was quiet at night which was great for sleeping after long days walking around NYC. My friend and I booked this as our first air bnb and we will definitely be back. The place was so close to everything with the Q train just a few blocks away. And there were so many coffee shops and pubs near by. The apartment was fully stocked and clean. The bed was super comfortable and Kaya was very responsive. She even accommodated our request for an early check in. I cannot recommend this place more. Thanks for a lovely stay in NYC.  Great flat with everything you need for a comfortable stay, very close to the subway, loads of restaurants and places to shop nearby. Balcony is lovely and the building is quiet so you can have a good sleep. Kaya was great and accommodated an early check-in for me after a very long flight, and communicated to check that everything was alright throughout the week.  No complaints, highly recommend this place!  This loft apartment is a little oasis of calm amongst the beautiful upper east side. Comfortable and containing everything you need, it was a great place to recharge or spend some downtime between exploring the city. Kaya was very helpful and friendly.  Kayas place was absolutely breathtaking. Kaya made sure my partner and I felt safe at home while staying in New York. The location was phenomenal and we had great access to bars and restaurants. I cant wait to visit New York again.  Great place if youre looking to stay in a real, local NYC neighborhood.  Its not in the middle of all the action, but so many close, easy transportation options were available.  Very typical NYC apartment.  The balcony was a nice amenity not offered in a lot of apartments in the city.  It is a no frills apartment but has everything you would need. Wir haben unseren Aufenthalt bei Kaya sehr genossen. Die Wohnung bietet alles was man braucht. Eine für Manhatten ruhige Lage, WLAN top, bequemes Bett, die Küche hat alles was man braucht, gute und unkomplizierte Kommunikation mit Kaya. Einzig für Sauberkeit gibt es eine ""2"", war ok, aber man darf keinen Hotelsstandard erwarten. Wir würden noch mal Gäste in Kayas Wohnung sein. We couldnt have been happier with Kayas charming little studio on the UES. It had the loveliest little surprise view of green space from the balcony, which was a great place to take coffee in the morning!  Loads of eateries, shops, parks, and nightlife within walking. Citibike stands everywhere if you wanted to strike out to the Park, and the Q line just a couple of blocks away!   The studio itself offered everything you could need for a short - or longer - stay in New York. Thanks, Kaya!!! Overall, the apartment was great and very clean. Kaya was more than accommodating and was very quick to respond with any questions. The location was extremely close to the subway but off any main roads, so it was nice and quiet. The AC only kept half of the bed/room cool, but it was manageable. Todo fue perfecto, el piso es como aparece en las fotos. La llegada fue bien estuvo esperando a que llegáramos y nos atendió perfectamente. La zona está bien comunicada con metro a dos calles. Hay tiendas y bares. Great place for a couple. Convenient location- close to Subway, Central Park, and Museums mile. Great host. I would stay there again! Kayas place was perfect for our three day trip to NYC.  The area is conveniently located near bars, restaurants and stores.  The apartment was roomy for a studio and had everything we needed.  Thanks again for having us!  The location of this apartment is fantastic, short walk to the Museum Mile, Madison Ave and Central Park. The street is generally quiet and as the apartment is at the back of the building there is little street noise. The apartment is also really close to a lot of fantastic restaurants on 1st and 2nd. We have never eaten so well with a wide variety of cuisines and a whole foods near by. The apartment itself is a little cluttered and could do with a spring clean. There appears to be items left by previous guests which detracts from the experience. Drawers are also filled with extra towels etc which is great but these were stuffed unfolded into the drawers. For those that are staying for longer than a week it would be good to be able to use these. The apartment has air conditioning but it is loud. We stayed at the beginning of September and nights in the apartment were very warm. I would not want to stay here during summer as the air conditioner would not sufficiently cool the rooms.  There was a TV but there were no instructions on how to use it. Overall the apartment is a great bolt hole at the end of the day and is in a great neighbourhood. The apartment was in a beautiful residential area, far from the traffic jam you come across if you move towards downtown! It was cosy and clean. As far as the host is concerned, kaya was available 24/7 and quick to help us fix any setback that could come up. A special thank you to Alex for waiting patiently for us upon the arrival. I recommend this place to everyone Clean condo in residential neighborhood on the Upper East side. Plenty of local restaurants to choose from, close to subway and groceries. Kaya was wonderful and we enjoyed her artwork! Very cool place in a nice neighborhood! Subway station a couple blocks away and a short walk to Central Park! Love it! Kaya was very attentive and responsive to our needs.The room is as per the picture, clean and tidy and the neighbourhood is quiet and safe. Great host and a fantastic place! Nice area and nice appartement Excellent place on the Upper East Side. Perfect size and surrounded by all you could need including Subway lines that take you downtown in about 20min. It was also a nice and quiet area, away from the hustle and bustle. Kaya was a great host and kept in touch making sure everything was ok for my stay, which it was! Kaya was great with communication, and was flexible when our flight was delayed and we had to check in much later than planned. The apartment has everything you need and is close to the Q train to get downtown in minutes. The neighbourhood is safe with good restaurants and bars nearby. I would definitely recommend staying here.  Great place to stay and get an experience to live like a real New Yorker. The apartment is overlooking a quite yard away from any noisy roads. Nice balcony.  You have pretty much everything you might need. Although its an old building, it has its own charm and beauty. The place is very clean and spacious by New York Standards. I have stayed in many places in NYC and Kayas place is a real find given its price and location. Close to subway lines. If you want to feel what it’s  like to live as a local in NYC this  apartment is for you. Felt like a local New Yorker staying here.  The apartment is awesome and the location is great.  Good restaurant right around the corner and you can go for a run in Central Park very easily. Had a great time! Kayas place was incredible. First and foremost, the location was spectacular and very close to public transportation. Apartment itself is very nice and clean. Kaya was very helpful when I had troubles and responded almost immediately. I would definitely stay again! Kayas place was great, the location was awesome and so close to the subway. Kaya was very responsive if I had any questions and she made the whole process simple. A great place to stay for my first trip to NYC. Spacious, comfortable and very clean place . Great location ! Kaya was very responsive. I will definitely want to stay again! There is definitely room for 2 . House is in the upper east side (88th Street, 1st avenue). Subway is close to the house, you can go anywhere in Manhattan in less than half an hour. The apartment is about 30 sq. meters, with a small kitchen and a small bathroom. Not really great to cook something but after all its a good place to stay for a short holiday in NYC. UES is full of restaurants and place to have a great breakfast. Id recommend it. We had a great few days staying here. The decor and vibe of the apartment is fun. Cleanliness was spot on. This was perfect for our little NYC city break/ Christmas shopping trip. Do t have a. Ad word to say about it. Kayas communication is just right and made for an easy check in and check out. Highly recommend this apartment. Great location and a cozy space. Kaya was super responsive to all of our questions. Would definitely recommend the space. Book this place NOW! The apartment is wonderful so cute and comfy. The neighborhood I absolutely love! And kaya is sooo sweet! We stayed here for our honeymoon after canceling our original honeymoon because of a hurricane and I couldn’t have imagined a better honeymoon! Thank you so much kaya your home is incredible and so is the neighborhood! We’ll be back soon! Had a great stay at Kayas place!  Communication with Kaya was easy/fast and the place was clean and cozy.  Location on upper east side is terrific and close to restaurants, shopping, and the new 2nd Ave subway.  I would stay there again! Kayas place was adorable, exactly as pictured. She was also so very responsive, when I had a bit of a challenge to get the key, she was there in less than 5 minutes and actually carried my suitcase for me!!  she made sure to communicate by text and I really cannot say enough about this lovely studio in  the heart of the Upper East Side! I will return. Thanks!! Kaya was very courteous and responsive.  Our stay was quite enjoyable--perfect actually.  The apartment was cozy, clean and filled with art.  Kaya and her friend Alex offered knowledgeable directions to local sites.  Subway is convenient distance, And its in a good location to get taxis or Uber.  We highly recommend Kaya and her apartment to anyone or couple looking for a convenient home base while visiting NewYork.  Thank you Kaya!! Kaya,  Great with communication, understanding, and very helpful.  Unfortunately, we planned a trip to NYC on the worst days of the year (blizzard!!!). Our flights was cancelled and rebooked 5 different times to JFK. We was stuck in Chicago for two and half days. We wasnt going to make it to kaya’s place. She was very understanding of that and we got a full refund from airbnb due to weather.   I would definitely try to book with this airbnb if i plan a trip out to NYC. Thanks Kaya and airbnb for all the help. Im a native Upper East Sider. This works if you want cute, warm, stylish. Close to subway station on 86/2. Would love to stay here again! Kaya is very friendly and helpful. The apartment is ideally located and very well connected. Everything for a nice stay in NYC ! Die Unterkunft ist wie beschrieben, die Bilder entsprechen der Realität. An den Wänden hängen die tollen Kunstwerke. Das Apartment ist klein, aber bietet alles, was man benötigt. Der Fernseher dient mehr als Monitor. Man benötigt einen eigenen Netflix-Account und zum Musikhören nutzt man am besten auch sein Smartphone. Wir waren dort zu zweit für 6 Nächte und haben uns wohlgefühlt. In der Küche hätte man auch Mahlzeiten zubereiten können, wir waren aber neugierig, was die New Yorker Gastronomie bietet. Direkt in der 1st Ave gibt es bei Mellow Yellow leckeres Brunch im netten Ambiente bei einem sehr netten Wirt. Auch zu empfehlen ist 2 Blöcke weiter das DT-UT (2nd Ave/91st St), das tagsüber ein Café und abends eine Bar ist. Auch zu empfehlen ist die Eisdiele UES an der 2nd Ave/88th St, im Hinterzimmer befindet sich abends ein Speakeasy (Achtung: Dresscode). Die nächste Subway Line Q ist nur 3 Blöcke entfernt (2nd Ave/ 86th St.) Kleine Supermärkte, Drogeriemärkte, Whole Foods, Bäckereien, Bars, Restaurants, Yoga Studios alles in direkter Nähe. Die Gegend ist sicher, sauber und die Wohnung in einer ruhigen Seitenstraße. Es gibt einen Fahrstuhl, allerdings sind ein paar Treppenstufen noch zu bewältigen. Wir haben Kaya nicht persönlich kennen gelernt. Sie hat auf unsere Anfragen schnell und hilfsbereit geantwortet. Fürs Check-in gab es im Vorfeld ausführliche Anweisungen (Schlüssel war im Masterlock hinterlegt.)  Wir würden bei einem nächsten Aufenthalt in NYC wieder Kayas Apartment wählen."	1
261	We stayed in Selams apartment for a few days to find a long term accomodation. Selam was very nice, forthcoming, and supporting and almost answered in the quickest and most friendly manner. The apartment is very beautifully furnished and clean, and we liked the neighborhood very much. On Fulton Street you find everything you are looking for and the train stations are near, so you can be everywhere in NY within minutes. Although the walls are quite thin and there was not so much sunlight in the living room we would certainly book this very nice apartment again.  The apartment is beautiful--immaculate, beautifully decorated and very warm.  We had a great time and felt very comfortable, and Selam was incredibly accommodating and prompt to respond to any questions or concerns.  The only thing I would warn about is that the walls of the apartment are very thin, and there is a mosque close by that blasts prayers over a loudspeaker at 6am (its actually kind of cool sounding, but a little startling if youre not expecting it).  I would absolutely recommend this apartment if youre looking for an affordable place in Brooklyn!   Hey, I was recently in New York. And had the pleasure of staying at Selam humble abode. It was just as you see it in the photos. Spacious clean and comfortable. And if your visiting New York for the first time this would bee a perfect place to stay. Giving it is in close distance to any and ieverything you could possibly need. All tho  did not need Selam for much, when i did contact, her response was swift. I would most definitly stay there again when i return. Thanks Selam We were very satisfied with our experience. The apartment is as it looks in the pictures - attractive, tidy, and comfortable. The location is bustling, vibrant and very accessible for trains and buses. Selam was also friendly and easy to reach throughout the booking process and stay. The only draw back is that the the walls are very thin. We heard a lot of footsteps and noises from the other apartments. Overall though, we certainly recommend her place. Selam was very helpful from the beginning. The house has everything you may need: very clean, well communicated with downtown (20 minutes).     Perfect place to stay at! Without any doubt, I would recommend Selam´s place to anybody who may travel to NY. Selmas apartment was perfect! Great location, super close to metro and just the cutest apartment. Very clean, well stocked with everyday toiletries and towels.  Selam was a great hostess.  Nice apartment, very close to the metro station, we had a great experience!! Selam was an EXCEPTIONAL host! She made sure that there were extra toiletries and that the place was super clean upon my arrival which is important to me! I felt very at home! She is also super reachable at all times and very personable! I plan to stay again when I am in NYC! 5 stars! Great apartment and host! My colleagues from out of town had a perfect experience. Will definitely have guests stay here again.  We spent 4 nights in Selams place and we really enjoyed it! We liked the neighborhood very much and its location was pretty convenient. The apartment is beautiful! Nicely decorated and, although it has much personal stuff, Selam made an effort to leave us some space, so we could also feel like if we were at home.   The only problem we could notice for the apartment was that the walls were really very thin, but the neighbours were so quiet when we were there that didnt really bother us.     In summary, I recommend this place. Thank you, Selam! We stayed in this house for 5 days to visit NY. We found the house in order and as described by Selam, the photos are a true representation, perhaps a little too hot for us, even if Selam has made available us some fans.  Appreciated the easy of parking in the street, and really close to the metro station Nostrand directly to Manhattan in 15/20 minutes, in the surrounding area there are grocery, we used the kitchen to prepare dinner. I confirm what was written by Selam, the walls are thin but no problem with the neighbors. Excellent communication with the host. Recommended to visit the City. Marcos family from Italy. Selam is a great host and we really enjoyed our stay at her apartment. The neighborhood was nice and we felt very comfortable and safe. The apartment was just as pictured with beautiful art work throughout. I definitely recommend staying here if you get the chance. This was my first time using Airbnb and I am so glad I went with Selam to pop my cherry. Selam was perfect. Always quick to respond and available to answer any of my questions. Our flight arrived late and she still met us at the apt after 10pm.    The apartment looks EXACTLY like the pictures, if not better. I loved the apartment so much. There were 3 of us staying and we all had a seperate sleeping area because Selams had a pullout couch and a queen size air mattress with pump.     The location of the apt is great. We loved the area. Less than a block away is every store and food spot you could think of. And the subway is even closer. Even the other people living in the building were helpful and nice whenever we had questions.     If I ever were to visit Brooklyn again im definitley staying at Selams again.  My wife, 2 kids (7 and 9) and I  spent 1 week on Selams apartment. The experience was excelent. Pictures from the  ad are reliable. Selam helped us on everything, even help us to find a taxi to take us back to the airport.   She is a pro... She has a route sheet with instructions for the house, the neigberhood, and transportatiom to Manhattan.   We strongly recomend it.     The place is very nice. Everything is like on the pictures. Two subway stations are really close as it is described. You can very easy to get to manhattan, or if you want stay in Brooklyn, marvelous Botanic Garden is not so far, you can just walk there. Selam is nice host, everything is very organized, in apartment you can find detailed description of the place, where and what you can get and how to use it. It was so nice that she left several menus from nearby restaurants and cafés it helped us easy find a place where to eat. Im happy that we stayed there. Thank you. Salems house was very nice, super cute and clean. Toilet paper and towels were provided so that was great.  She also provided us with cable which is super rare for NYC.  The boys were very happy to be able to watch football in the comfort of a home.  The only thing I will say is we had 4 people staying and there unfortunately there werent enough sheets for the cold weather.  Also the neighborhood was not exactly the best, if you dont know NYC I wouldnt suggest walking alone, especially at night. For the most part it turned out okay though and her listing was accurate. Also she had a great $rate for the amount of space we had, her apartment was pretty big to say the least.  This was a great place, very clean and in a fun neighbourhood. Selam was also very nice and accommodating. Would definitely book again next time Im in town. The host (Selam) was very kind and available, answering promptly every question or request. The apartment was very fine, clean and exactly as announced in the web-site. Also cozy, well decorated, and comfortable. There were no cable TV (as prevented by the owner) but the internet signal was very good.  The kitchen had everything needed to prepare any meal.    The building does not bear lift, but there are only two sets of stairs to reach the apartment. We could listen neighbors in normal activities, but no disturbing noise. Two of them were very friendly.    It is settled in a very calm street, totally residential, but just two short blocs from a commercial street with many types of shops, small markets and all kinds of goods. It is just three blocs from metro stations that can bring to Manhattan in 15 to 20 minutes.    Do not expect fancy and expensive shops, but a friendly and diversified variety of trade places, since very simple clothes of and indian immigrant owner  up to clothes in street-style, wines, and good but rare cafés and bars.    If you like ethnic diversity it is a place to visit. You will meet in the shops and streets people originally from many different places such as Senegal, Trinidad & Tobago, Pakistan, India, Nepal, China, Sudan, Caribbean sea and many others. You could eat also a variety recipes from abroad and there are fresh vegetables in many places.    Streets can be more or less desert  and dark after 10 PM, but they seemed to be very safe and we have never felt afraid or  threatened by anybody.    Two nice suggestions are the Vodou Bar, to have a drink at night and the Café Paris-Dakar for a nice cofee. In the same sidewalk of the café, there is a nice place to by a selection of wines.    For sure we would repeat the stay in this apartment. Perfect stay, Selam was helpful, flexible, tolerant and her apt is nicely located plus convenient to subway, and everything you need. Loved it! Selam è stata molto gentile, la casa è spaziosa e carina, ma non pulitissima. La zona non è molto bella, soprattutto la sera. Selam ci aveva avvisato che le pareti sono sottili e si sentono i vicini, ma penso che il problema non sia solo delle pareti, ma del tipo di vicini, in quanto di notte urlavano, ascoltavano musica a tutto volume e sul pianerottolo si sentiva anche odore di marijuana. Lultima notte labbiamo passata in bianco perché cè stato un forte litigio praticamente davanti alla nostra porta. Lappartamento è al terzo piano, senza ascensore.  We were very pleased with the apartment, it has everything you need for a short stay, it is very clean and very close to the subway. The neighborhood was very multicultural and safe.  Selam was a really good host and although we could not meet her ( she was busy getting married!), she organized everything to ensure we could have access to the apartment and had left very clear and useful notes on the apartment and the neighborhood.    The place was spotless and very warm and welcoming.  Selam left clear instructions and helpful info in a visible place and a bottle of wine in the fridge.    The place was lovely, very comfortable and felt safe.  I stayed there alone for 3 nights and felt totally relaxed.  The main downsides were the noise (which we were warned of in advance) and the heat - the apartment was extremely hot.  We opened windows, but it didnt help very much.   I think this may have been the best Airbnb experience Ive ever had. Selam was more than accommodating and provided all necessary instructions/need to knows prior to my stay. The apartment was clean - like, spotless - and had so much personality. It did get a little warm, and the neighbors were a bit loud but you couldnt hear much with the TV on in the apartment and Selam allowed me to use the AC for when it got too warm. All in all, her apartment was amazing.   Selam was a fantastic host. She was helpful with the check in, which a good friend of hers, Franco, did for us as she couldnt personally be there at the day we arrived. We had contact numbers for both of them and they would always respond within minutes.   The house itself was perfect, immaculately clean and very nicely decorated, and with everything that we needed. Selam left some information about the neighborhood, a lonely planet of NY, bus and subway map and even some takeaway menus from restaurants around.    The street where the house is BEAUTIFUL, and its very well communicated with more touristy areas of Brooklyn and Manhattan. The great thing is the house is close to these areas but when you go back home you feel you are in a very authentic brooklyn neighborhood.  I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for some quality time and authenticity.       so me and another friend flew to new York to tour the city and have a good time  we arrived and selams friend, aster, waited for us in the apartment. she gave us the key and helped us with directions and places to go.  regardless, selam contacted us every once in a while to check if we are OK or need anything and always responded.   the location of the apartment is great, pretty close to a metro station that operates 24 hours a day. close to a main street but in a quite place. the neighborhood itself felt pretty safe, even at night and we found everything we needed close by.  the apartment itself was very clean and spacious. it had everything we could have asked. WiFi worked great, Netflix and the kitchen were great.   there was a bit of noise from the other apartments but it wasnt anything that prevented us from sleeping or enjoying our stay in the apartment.   we recommend this apartment and we will definitely return if we have the chance! Selams place is just as described. Very accessible location. Selam is a very accommodating host and went out of her way to get us access to the apartment. The apartment had all the amenities listed. As mentioned, the neighbors were a bit noisy but you could barely hear them in the living room and no noise in the bedroom. I would recommend the apartment to anyone looking for a city living experience.   First of all, Selam was very helpful and very reactive. We had no issue to contact her before and after booking.  The apartment was like described and clean.  Second of all, the apartment was well located, very close to the subway (express to Manhattan), close to shops and restaurants.  We enjoyed the calm neighborhood. Nice neighbors, we felt welcomed. We are really greatful to have found this place.  Thank you again to Selam for everything.  	1
262	Very relaxed La estadía en casa de Victoria fue muy buena, nos recibió ella, nos explicó muy bien el funcionamiento del lugar, fue muy amable desde el principio y nos mantuvimos en contacto todo el tiempo ante cualquier duda. El departamento es tal cual lo publicado, muy completo y en una ubicación excelente. No dudaría en volver y recomendar el lugar, tanto por la atención de Victoria como el alojamiento en sí. Gracias por la hospitalidad!!!  El apartamento era muy acogedor. Su ubicación perfecta, un cuarto de hora andando de Rockefeller Center, bien comunicado y rodeado de servicios.  Victoria nos recibió y nos explicó el funcionamiento de todo.  Estuvimos genial. The location of the apartment was great, very close to the UN building where we spent a lot of time. The place was cozy and comfortable for the two of us, with two separate beds. The apartment is on the 4th floor, no elevator, which might be helpful to know. Victoria is a wonderful host, very quick to respond and very generous with her access to teas, etc. Las fotos dan muy buena información sobre como es el apartamento. Está cerca de un par de paradas de metro, una es la que te trae y te lleva al aeropuerto vía airtrain. Tiene un autobús en la calle de atrás que cruza de este a oeste al que sacas bastante partido si no te apetece ir a pie al centro. La ubicación en general es muy buena, en un barrio muy tranquilo, sin ruido y muy seguro. Victoria da todas las facilidades del mundo para el horario del check-in y check-out, y aunque no llegamos a ver a nuestra anfitriona, la comunicación fue fluida y sin problema. Hay un supermercado doblando la esquina que viene realmente bien. El apartamento en sí no es grande, para 2 personas no necesitas más, en la casa hay todo lo necesario para la estancia (sábanas, toallas, menaje, secador y una pequeña cocina que no llegamos a usar) pero sí está bastante anticuado, modernidades no vas a encontrar. Se nos hizo un poco duro subir y bajar las maletas, ya que no hay ascensor y el ser un 4º piso no favorece (realmente son 3 alturas porque en cuanto subes un piso ya es el 2º). Recomendaría la estancia por su ubicación y relación calidad/precio. Por último dar las gracias a Victoria porque tuvimos una estancia muy agradable. Victoria was very easy to communicate with and accessible .  Nice location.  Wasnt thrilled with the 4 flights of stairs we had to climb at the end of the day but Im sure it was good for us:) The apartment is in a great and central position close to the subways. It is in a quite street. It is a bit old but confortable anyway for three people. Only with strong wind blowing from the windows near the bed which bothered our sleep. But overall fine The location is great. Really close to the UN headquarter. Walkable distance (about 15 minutes) to a lot of attractions and subway station. The apartment was pretty quiet too. Victoria was very nice and coordinated very well between us and the cleaning lady when our bus broke down and had to check in later than planned. Victoria wasnt the fastest when responding to messages but the communication got better after we checked in. The apartment is pretty old and a little small. The closest and  the bathroom cabinet were full. So we didnt really have space to hang our clothes or put our stuff. The dinning table is not the cleanest.  Overall, it is a good place to stay if you dont mind limited space and just want a bed to sleep.  Appartement au calme (4ème étage sans ascenseur) et très bien placé pour se déplacer en ville à pied , en metro  ou en bus. Commerces et restaurations à proximités. Die Wohnung von Victoria ist klein aber fein. Sie ist gut gelegen, sauber und hat alles was man benötigt.  Appartement très bien placé, à 20 minutes de Times Square a pied. Super point de chute pour midtown. Buena ubicación. Es un departamento pequeño, considero que no para más de dos personas aunque haya camas para cuatro pero está todo junto y no hay espacio para guardar el equipaje. Es un cuarto piso por escalera. El resto bien, bien equipado. indeed a very typical NY apartment.  Ideal location for my conference at the UN!  Communication with Victoria was very good, she always responded immediately to my questions.  Victoria also allowed me to check-out a little bit later, when I needed to leave to the airport, which saved me from having to drag my suitcases to the UN in the morning. A little detail which makes the difference!   Sin espacio para la ropa ni neceser, nevera con comida, todo lleno de sus pertenencias en armarios, cajones, bolsas llenas de ropa por todos lados, solo 2 toallas para 10 días, cama sonaba muchísimo con solo sentarse, mando de televisión solo funcionaba para encendido y apagado....techo del baño en mal estado...ventana al lado de la cama por donde pasa aire por defecto de cierre o sellado.  No volvería ni lo recomendaría. Lo único aceptable es la localización aunque no hay metro cerca, que es lo más útil en NYC. No es tolerable pagar lo que se paga cuando el apartamento no está preparado para ser habitado por alguien que no sea su dueña. No puede dejarte sin espacios para las pertenencias.	0
263	"Gispans place is well located, good value for money and well-attended to. Highly  recommended. The only issue was that the wifi wasnt working while we were there but Gispan was very helpful and it was not an issue during our stay. Great location for the price! Well kept and clean. Slight problem getting online initially but other than that we had internet access for our entire stay. Thanks again Gispan. Its a very cute place with convenient location, close to grand central station, basically you can go to anywhere from there. Perfect for group of 2-3 ppl.  Freshly decorated in a minimalist fashion and clean, this post-war building studio apartment was perfect for my daughter and I to share for a couple of nights. The location is great for public transportation, dining and shopping. Good location and neighborhood We enjoyed staying here. The location was very walkable, there is everything we needed in the room, cute decor, we met the cleaning lady also, shes very nice to let us drop off our stuff before check in time. Communication response with the host wasnt instant but good enough, there is no space for luggage if you need to leave it for a few hours after check out which was a bit inconvenient.  Overall a pleasant stay.  (do specify if you need to use the sofa bed because theres no extra duvet)  Location is perfect, you can easily walk to 5th avenue or time square. Neighbourhood is good and just around the corner of  the UN headquarters. The apartment is very basic, fair enough if you just want to spend a few days in the city. Unfortunately there was an annoying alarm in the staircase which was on for 4 days and even the whole nights which made it necessary to use earplugs to get some sleep. This should definitely be fixed. Communication was good, although we had to communicate a little bit too much. Overall an ""okay"" rating. Great apartment for an excellent price! Check in was extremely easy, the neighborhood seemed nice enough (right by the UN), and the place was nice and clean. Its a big and luminous appartement which is rare in a big city like New York! Gispan is kind and available when you need and the location is good if you need to go everywhere in manhattan and far further This apartment is in a great location. Its close to a lot, but its not on a main street, so we heard no street noise at all.  It was very clean and looked exactly as pictures on Airbnb. We would stay here again. Great apartment ! Very clean and good location ! Great location, very clean and an overall great place to stay for our quick one night trip to NYC Nice place if you’re looking for something affordable and just a place to crash at night. Internet was okay, just enough to stream Netflix. 3 blocks from grand central for subway access to almost anywhere in the city. Cleaning staff was very nice and stored luggage for us on check out day. Great place to stay for a couple of days in NYC. Within walking distance to a lot of sighs. Good neighborhood. Easy check-in and check-out. Nice contact! Thanks again Gispan! Gispans place is great for a couple looking for a place to stay in Manhattan for a couple of nights. It was just like described and I️ found the location to be good. About a 20 minute walk to a lot of the touristy places in Manhattan. His place was safe and clean and I️ would stay here again.  Studio agréable, bien situé, proche du métro et des centres d’interêt de Manhattan Apartment was in a quieter neighbourhood allowing little street noise to be heard. Location is great for access to city attractions and public transportation. The apartment had everything we needed for eating breakfasts in. Sheets and bedding were clean and comfy. However mattress and pillows are outdated which was unexpected as the rest of the apartment had modern improvements. It’s as described. Great place in a great location, only a few blocks from grand central and was able to walk most places! The space was good for the three of us and for New York it was pretty standard with space, but we were hardly there only for sleeping and to chill out after long days. Great service would definitely stay again! Gispan was a great host, very easy to contact and quick to respond. Apartment was very clean and tidy and was located in an excellent spot so was easy to walk to Times Square, Central Park, grand central terminal and shopping! Great place to spend days in NYC for first timers because the neighbourhood is friendly, both in terms of the people in the eateries and shops around, as well as the vibe of the place. The host is very responsive to our needs, replacing a rogue hair dryer almost instantly when I messaged him/her. Just take note that the unit does not come with a lift so lifting heavy luggage might be difficult for some but it was ok for us. Très bien , bon (Website hidden by Airbnb) recommande Gispan is a very capable host and the flat - a studio apartment in one of the United Nations properties in a very nice and quiet neighborhood (Midtown East) - is charming.  Its in a lovely, small (by NY standards) pre-war building which means its a walk-up.  I would have loved having ground rather than instant coffee, but aside from that one minor opportunity for improvement, it was a great experience: exactly as described, priced well, and perfectly clean! Excellent location near great eating places allot of choice. Near Time Square  Broadway and Central or Trump Tower 25 minute walk A great place in a great location - super close to Grand Central & Gispan is very quick to answer any questions and makes checking in and out very easy!!!! Nice. El alojamiento fue como lo esperábamos. Muy cómodo y excelentemente ubicado. Destaco la presencia servicial de Elizabeth y Flor, que estuvieron siempre para lo que necesitáramos. Gispan was a great host, and he communicated effectively throughout our stay. He allowed us to drop our bags off earlier than our check in time which was super helpful. His place is clean and cozy with all essentials provided. Would love to book this again for another trip to the city!  An der Bettwäsche und den und Decken befanden sich teilweise Haare von früheren Gästen, auf dem Fußboden waren ebenfalls Haare und Staub. Obwohl drei Gäste angekündigt waren, war nur ein Bett vorbereitet; wir mussten das Sofa vorbereiten, die Luftmatratze suchen und Platz im Zimmer schaffen, um sie aufzublasen."	1
264	We stayed for a week in Gerards apartment in Brooklyn Heights.  It is on the 3rd floor of the building, facing out onto the street.  The neighborhood is wonderfully peaceful and quiet at night, and we slept well all week.  The flat is a very normal brownstone apartment.  The photos are accurate, but perhaps dont do justice to the high ceilings and spacious living area.  Everything worked just fine - there is very limited wifi, but Gerard provides a cable internet connection and a PC.    The best thing about this apartment is the location.  It is two blocks from a subway station, 4 blocks from two other stations, and is essentially 15 minutes away from downtown.  Even better, there are citibikes very close, so you can cycle across the Brooklyn Bridge each morning.  Brooklyn Heights was a revelation - it has a street of lively independent restaurants, cafes, and shops, and at the bottom of each street is an incredible view of Manhatten.  It is virtually free of heavy traffic, filled with tree-lined streets and beautiful historic buildings - we cant recommend it enough as a base in NYC.  Gerard himself was a great host - he was there to meet us, then simply left us to it, checked in midweek to make sure we were fine, then came to  collect the keys at the end. Gerard was a very welcoming host! The apartment was so convenient for food, shops and the subway. Great apartment and great host! Gerald was very welcoming. The living room was bright and sunny from the windows which was lovely. The bedroom was small but the bed very comfortable. The downside of the apartment was that it was a three story walk up which we wish we had known about ahead of time and the bathroom was old and run down. The apartment is located in a delightful neighborhood, full of great eateries and shops and a lot of fun. The location was amazing and Gerhard was an extremely kind host that went out of his way to ensure we had a good stay. He even left us some snacks - very cool! Keep in mind the building is old and a lot of the unit appliances & fixtures were very old. Even though it was a bit pricey with a such a great host and location I would consider staying here again. Gerard was friendly, the apartment was spacious and brightly painted as pictured. HOWEVER,  we found lack of cleaniness a major issue. Kitchen floor, microwave, stove, countertops needed deep cleaning. Bed pillows were old and very dirty, extra sheets for the sofa and other items in the apartment were just not clean. Im sorry to say the apt felt grimmy, causing us to not feel comfortable. A/C unit was removed with wire mesh and paper taped to fill window area (end of May). We actually stayed elsewhere 2 of 5 nites booked (and paid for). Apartment has a lot of potential, great neighborhood,  but for $350 per nite, this place needs a serious deep clean and actual replacement of bed pillows, torn lampshade, etc. Very steep & curved stairs to get to this 3rd floor apt. should also be disclosed.    Warm and kindly host,very patient. The apartment is good location,it takes 5 minutes to Brooklyn Beach. Gerard is a great host, he was kind and completely committed to make us feel like in our own place. The neighbourhood is great, close to lots of restaurants, metro stations and the Promenade.    The place works perfect for someone wanting to spend some time exploring Manhattan since is really easy to get there in 20 min or less, and its even closer to most of the touristic Brooklyn places like the bridge, piers and famous restaurants.	0
265	We were in NYC for a week to spend time with our son and attend his graduation. We were very fortunate to have found Jason & Ondine’s place on Staten Island. It was convenient to our son’s (small) apartment and within walking distance to the ferry. A short bus and/or taxi ride is also an option.    Jason and Ondine were terrific hosts who could not have been more accommodating. They immediately made us feel welcome and comfortable, starting with a glass of wine to help celebrate our son’s special occasion. Ondine invited me to accompany her to the grocery store to get whatever we might need for our stay. And the following day she even contributed her graphic and artistic skills plus some materials to help me decorate my son’s hat for the graduation ceremony (something he didn’t let me know about until the last minute…yikes!) Since she works from home, Ondine was available throughout our stay for questions, directions and suggestions. On a couple of occasions -  knowing our schedule was tight - she even volunteered to give us a lift to the ferry or our son’s apartment.    The 2nd floor apartment is in a 1920’s house located in an established, historic, quiet, safe neighborhood.  It was clean and comfortable with plenty of windows for natural light. The renovated kitchen had all the basics plus amenities that made our stay so easy. The living/den area has a sofa that can be used as a sleeper, a futon, a flat-screen TV and the original hardwood floors covered with colorful rugs. There’s a comfortable bed, ample closet space, a refurbished bathroom with plenty of counter space, hot water and towels. To top it all off we were treated to fresh flowers throughout our stay!    This couple’s hospitality could not have been better. They made us feel very much at home, from arrival to departure. If the location and listing suits your needs, we couldn’t recommend it more highly.    Thanks Jason & Ondine! Hopefully we’ll get to see you again. I enjoyed staying at Jasons and Ondines apartment. They are amazing hosts:they are very nice and friendly people and did everything to make us feel comfortable. Ondine was available during the day,she gave us different recommendations and offered grocery store and ferry ride which was very nice. Apartment is very clean and comfy with plenty of sunlight,comfortable beds and good-size kitchen/dining area. It has all the necessary supplies and cable.Location is very convenient with 10 min walk or short bus ride to the ferry (40 min away from Manhattan). We were also enjoying the weather and making frequent trips to the South beach which is 30-40 min bus ride/20 min car ride away. I can definitely recommend Jasons and Ondines place and I am going to use it in future if necessary. We had a very good time in Jason and Ondines Apartment. It was a special experience to stay in a typical American (country)home build in the early 20th century. A convinient stay far away from the citynoise. It was great to take the ferry to Manhattan. Spectacular views even at night! It only took us 10 minutes to walk to the harbour and Ondine was always willing to give us a ride. Both were very helpfull to give us any information about New York and their Staten Island neighbourhood. We arrived (a little hungry) from a long journey from Holland in the evening and they walked us to some nice restaurants in the neighboorhood. We chose for a very good pizza restaurant called Pier 17. Our first experience in a typical American restaurant with a very friendly waitress.   In the morning we had breakfast in their well equiped kitchen. Afterwards we went off to explore the city and came back late in the evening. We slept very well in the comfortable bedroom(s).   A very good stay for a reasonable price!   We have just returned from a wonderful four night stay in Jason and Ondines apartment and had a great time. We have stayed on Staten Island before but never this close to the ferry terminal. The apartment was great and superbly equipped. The attention to detail was fantastic with everything we could have wished for being in the apartment. Ondine also bought us a plentiful supply of groceries which saved us having to dash out to the local store as soon as we got there.   We only managed a few chats with our hosts as this was a very short visit to attend a family wedding but got on great and would love to have stayed longer and got to know them even more. Ondine even ran us down to the ferry terminal on the day of the wedding to save Karne walking too far in her heels!  We love Staten Island and when we get chance to come back will once again stay with these fantastic and attentive hosts. It was a pleasure to meet you guys.  I spent 4 nights at Jasons flat, and I really enjoyed it, Ondine was looking after me and she made everything to be sure I was feeling like at home.  Quite zone, and the ferry was not too far. Jason and Ondine were very welcoming and accommodating (my booking was made with very short notice, then extended an extra day).  The apartment was clean, stocked, and furnished thoughtfully.  The neighborhood was charming, the ferry nearby, and Ondine provided helpful recommendations from food to running paths.  I would absolutely stay again should my travels bring me back this way. We spent a week on Staten Island at the apartment. It was exactly as described. They were very kind and stayed up late to welcome us into the apartment and had got things in for our breakfast. The place is great, very clean, spacious and comfortable. Jason and his partner were extremely friendly, welcoming, and happy to help with anything. They were all ways available either in person or online for any questions. The neighbourhood seemed nice and friendly, and it was a short 10-15 mins walk down to the Ferry. We went to the city nearly every day, and really enjoyed the ferry ride there and back, much nicer than sitting in the underground. We had a really great week, and would for sure stay there again if we go back to NYC. Firstly I would just like to say, What a beautiful home. From the moment I saw the pictures I knew it was the place for me and my family. Secondly the moment we arrived at the house we fell in love with it. It had such an American feel to it. The apartment itself was beautiful. Every little detail made us feel right at home as soon as we got there. Spacious and equipped with everything we needed. Jason and Ondine were the perfect hosts. Great to chat to and did so much for us. It was a pleasure getting to know you both and we will certainly be back in the near future. Thank you again for letting us in to your tremendous home. Daniel, Rebekah, Sharon and Evelyn.  Hi. Its was great the time i spend there. Very nice house. Lovelly decorated and great location. 5.minuts walking.and your in the ferry to manhattan. Jason and ondine very nice and helpfull  hope to get there again soon.  Quite good, so comfortable, the landlord very nice, give us many help.this place is quiet and very close to the ferry station.they even prepare some food for us and help us carry our luggage. The house is very clean and beautiful and it can make u feel like home.i recommend this house absolutely. Jason and Ondine are a very welcoming couple with a good sense to make every person feel comfortable and being welcome. The appartment is very tastefully and comfortably decorated and had everything, what is needed to feel at home. The kitchen is very well equipped and nicely decorated and allowed cosy meals. They had even filled the fridge with some beverages.  Within walking distance to the Staten Island Ferry the appartment allows daily trips to NYC/Manhattan, but you have to calculate about an hour for one trip downtown (including subway). We can highly recommend Jason and Ondine as hosts and loved the appartment. It is a housing area, with little or no facilities for outside breakfast or nightly events, for those wanting that, we can not recommend the area. We loved the stress-free environment after our daytrips to Manhattan and stayed at home in the evenings. We loved the view from our bed to Manhattan skyline on a clear day. We loved the very typical American Housestyle. We had a great time in this beautiful apartment. It was lovely decorated, warm and had everything  you need even more! :)   Jason and Ondine are very welcoming, friendly and they really care about their guests!!   They give us a lot of informations about the neighbourhood and good tips to visit NYC.   It is one of the best place we have experienced with Airbnb and would really recommend it to everyone who wants to spend a good time in New-York.   You will be traveling by the Ferry everyday (10 min walk from the appartment)which is a so beautiful journey to start. Every night you will have a lovely view of Manhattan when coming back home.    Thank you so much Jason and Ondine for being so kind and so thoughtful. Once again we wish you a happy New Year 2016!!! Gracias Jason & Odine.    Mi familia y yo pudimos disfrutar unos maravillosos dias en el apartamento de Jason. Tanto Jason como su esposa son personas muy hospitalarias y muy amables, te hacen sentir como si fuéramos familiares de ellos. El lugar es excelente y acogedor, el barrio es maravilloso, vives la cultura Neoyorquina y muy seguro. El Ferry esta cerca y funciona las 24 horas del día para ir Manhatam donde se aprecia la belleza de la estatua de la libertad.    Jason y Odine estuvieron muy pendientes de nosotros, y cuando vuelva a Nueva York no dudare en hospedarme de nuevo donde Jason.    La amplitud del apartamento, las facilidades de poder cocinar, esta muy bien equipado donde hace que la estadía sea mejor que un hotel 5 estrellas a un precio razonable.    Gracias Jason y Odine.    Thanks Jason & Odine.    My family and I could enjoy wonderful days in the apartment of Jason. Both Jason and his wife are very hospitable and very friendly people, they make you feel as if we were family of them. The place is excellent and friendly, the neighborhood is wonderful, you live the New Yorker culture  and it is very safe. The Ferry is close and works 24 hours to go to Manhatam where you can enjoy the beauty of the Statue of Liberty.    Jason and Odine were very attentive to us, and when I return to New York I will not hesitate in staying again where Jason`s apartment.    The amplitude of the apartment is excellent and very well equipped which makes the stay  better than a 5 stars hotel with a reasonable price.    Thanks Jason and Odine. We spent an amazing week at Jason and Ondines place. The house is located in a very nice and quiet area, at 10 min walking to the ferry station. We loved to be outside Manhattan, we had the perfect place to rest in the busy city. The house is beautiful, warm, very confortable and totally equipped.  Jason and Ondine are the perfect host, very kind and helpful. They were trying to help us the whole time. They made us feel like at home.  No doubt we will stay there again when we come back to NY.  Thank you so so much guys.  :-)   We really can recommend the nice apartment of Jason and Ondine. We would have used the comfortable apartment more but we came the long way from Germany to see New York and thats why we were very busy with sight-seeing.   Jason and Ondine are very very nice and helpful hosts.  For sure well come back!!!! We had a wonderful stay in new york! Jason an his wife have been so nice! They made us feel very comfortable and made shure we had everything we needed. Couldnt get any better! Thank You, wed love to come back! We have had a great week in New York thanks to Ondine and Jason. They immediately made us feel home. They provided us with food and drinks for the first day. They gave us a lot of information about New York, walked with us to the ferry to show us the way, explained how the buses and metros work, and many other tips and info. Ondine even offered us rides with her car to the ferry. She was always ready to help us and we could knock on her door literally any time. Because our flight had been cancelled to Brussels, she even made several calls to the airport and Airbnb to help us out.   The appartment was very beautiful and fully equiped with anything you need.     Jason and Ondine, thank you very much for making our stay a pleasant time! We will definitely come back at your place (and see your blue house) and we will sure recommend it to our family and friends.    Kind regards,  Helga, Hans, Maria (Riet) and Anne Roefs  Lierop, Holland I dont think I can write enough great things about our stay here.    Jason and Ondine were wonderful! They picked us up from the ferry and even dropped us off a couple of times when we needed a lift. The apartment is fantastic. It is exactly as pictured and is VERY spacious. It felt like a home-away-from-home. Its about a 10-12 minute walk to the ferry. Cabs or car services charge about $6-$8 for the ride and the bus stop is right the corner.    On our first day, the fridge was pre-stocked with essentials like eggs, butter, bread, milk, and more. This was so helpful as we didnt need to stop for breakfast on a couple of days. There is a full kitchen and several pots and pans to use. The bathroom is huge and is stocked with fresh razors, shampoo and soap. The neighborhood is very quiet compared to the rest of the city.    Both Jason and Ondine were available whenever we needed them via text, phone, or just knocking on the door. Staten Island is not as far away as some of the locals make it out to be. If its your first time to the city, I highly recommend booking this listing.  I will absolutely book their place again in the future. Thanks, yall, for making this stay so easy!   Pour nos compatriotes français : Si vous cherchez un logement pas trop cher et bien placé (10min à pied du ferry qui relie gratuitement Staten Island à Manhattan en 25mn), nhésitez pas! Lavantage est de pouvoir se reposer au calme, dans un appartement très bien équipé et lumineux. Le logement est totalement conforme aux photos et à la description, et Ondine et Jason sont 2 personnes formidables qui vous accueilleront avec beaucoup de sympathie. Ils se sont parfaitement occupés de notre séjour, en nous proposant leurs conseils pour visiter la ville et en étant à notre disposition pour toutes nos demandes. Nous garderons un excellent souvenir de notre séjour, le tout pour un prix très largement raisonnable au regard de la qualité du séjour. Plus de détails en anglais ci-dessous.  What a perfect stay in Ondine and Jason appartment. Our guest was very helpful, and all was perfect for our stay.  We remained 7 days in this place to discover NYC, and for us it was the place to be. 10 minutes by walk far from the Staten Island Ferry (free of charge to the south of Manhattan, and after close to 3 main lines of the metro). There are some good restaurants and groceries near the Ferry, so you can have whatever you want at a walk distance.  The appartement (very calm, important to have a good sleep during a busy visit of NYC) is big enough for 4 and more guests, with 2 bedrooms and a big sofa in the living room. All is like the pictures and the description, with a kitchen like at home.  Ondine and Jason provide us tips for visiting the city, and know it very well. They also provided us a lot of docs on New York, and their phone number in case of need.  To conclude, all was perfect and we will sure return in this place if we have to go one more time in NYC. I highly recommand this place to the persons who search a stay not far from Manhattan, and with a very good price. We had a wonderful time thanks to Jason and Ondine who are the perfect hosts. Our stay was just great, loved the apartment, travelling on the ferry was magical. It is the best way to see NY. Thank you We had a very pleasant stay at Jason and Odines place. When we arrived we were welcomed warmly and the apartment gave us a homie feeling; the interior is like staying at a friends place. There were even fresh flowers!! We love flowers in Holland, but we rarely see fresh ones in any ones home, probably because they are much more expensive over here.   Odine was really nice; she brought us many times to the ferry with her car and she even brought us all the way to the mall, which is about a 30 min. drive. She invited us for yummy burgers and the best soda-machine we have ever seen! We and our teenage kids had a wonderful time in NY, and the fact that we had such a nice hide-out made it even much better!! Jason and Ondine are perfect hosts. They gave us lots of information and great recommendations. They are very nice. The apartment is huge and very clean and perfect for a trip to new york city. We would definitly stay there again. They even filled up the fridge for us. Thank you for the great hospitality. Ondine & Jason are extremely excellent host who are very thoughtful, generous, friendly and very helpful!       The entire apartment was perfect for us as an adult couple with more than enough space for each of us to move around, spacious bedroom, bathroom & kitchen and ample storage/closet space comparing to Manhattan apartments which are most small and cramped (this is from personal experience).  For the rate it cost per night you are actually receiving more, seriously more apartment than you would ever receive in Manhattan and staying with Ondine & Jason there are added perks like upon arrival receiving a semi stocked fridge with great food items you can use upon arrival in case you are hungry and thirsty, a clean apartment and a well thought out lay out of the apartment with perfect furnishings throughout the house, complete kitchen utensils and spices and excellent WiFi.  The environment is peaceful and relaxing!    The walk to the FREE Ferry is easy and comfortable.  I usually do a leisure walk so it takes me about 15 minutes.  The Ferry runs every 30 minutes during off peak times, 24 hours a day all for FREE.  Peak hours are in the morning (usually 7:00 am - 8:45 am) and late afternoon (5 pm - 6:45 pm) which runs every 15 minutes.  Travel time on the Ferry is approximately 25 minutes.  You can verify it online under Staten Island Ferry.  Its a very safe, easy and comfortable ride with awesome views.  And its Free and its 24 hours! (You cant get this anywhere in the city)    I absolutely love this place and would recommend it to anyone who has similar desires as me about accommodations & host!    You cant go wrong in staying here and if you need anything Ondine & Jason are very knowledgeable about the city and places you want to visit.      If you are using AirBnB  for the first time I would suggest you first know yourself in what you truly want for accommodations and research thoroughly, view all photos and if you are not clear and/or have questions dont hesitate to ask!  This will help you decide better and make the best choice for yourself & comfort.     If you are open to any accommodations then BE open & enjoy the adventure and learning something new because the fact is there is not one accommodation that will be perfect for everyones needs & desires.      If you do stay here enjoy and appreciate it! May you have the very best memorable time and visit  like we did.     Thank you so much Ondine & Jason.      Only the very best to you both in all areas of your life :-). See you again.     Gina & Arash 房源离曼哈顿的交通非常方便,房东人非常热情,周到。并且提供了很多的帮助以及食品。 Jason and Ondine were perfect hosts. The apartment was great. Kitchen and bathroom are fully renovated. The apartment is funky charming, exactly as you would expect from a 100 yr old house. This is the best value for visiting NYC. I visited family on Staten Island but also spent a fair bit of time in Manhattan.  The hosts know their neighborhood and make great suggestions.   We areso happy that We chose to stay at Jason and Ondines house. The rooms were great the bathroom was beautiful and we couldnt have asked for better hosts. We cant thank you enough for making our trip so special. Ondine was so wonderful and sweet she helped us so much on our trip she even recommended a wonderful restaurant for us. Ondines knowledge of the city is amazing. She was so kind she even drove us to the ferry almost every morning. We are going to miss her. We will definitely stay here again when we go back to New York. Thank you again for making our trip so  great!!  Hoping to maybe see you the end of November or the beginning of December!!  P.S.  We already started watching the documentary and we love it.  Jason and Ondine, they were very friendly. Apartment great. Location calm, relax - after each day in the city. Apartament is perfect for families with children, well-equipped. Jason and Ondine are graphic, so they have a very good eye. I loved to browse photo albums which there are many in house. Location - very close to the free ferry to Manhattan (25 min).   I have not met such an open person like Ondine, really took care of us, offered ideas on how to spend your time, cheerful, friendly, great !!   We found a place for another holiday in NYC.   Ondine, Jaso (Website hidden by Airbnb) ! Jason et Ondine sont des hôtes très sympathiques et accueillants. Nous avons étés très bien reçus . Ondine et Jason sont toujours disponibles pour donner des informations et conseils. Nous (famille avec 2 enfants) avons beaucoup appréciés notre séjour et nous recommandons cette adresse. Peut-être à une prochaine fois. Merci  Jason und Odine waren hervorragende Gastgeber. Selbst der Kühlschrank war für den ersten Tag bereits bestückt. Odine hat uns wertvolle Tipps für unseren Aufenthalt gegegeben. Wo kauft man ein? Wie spart man Geld? Was lohnt sich zu sehen. Der Fussweg zur kostenfreien Staten Island Ferry beträgt 5 Minuten. Die Überfahrt ist einfach fantastisch. Die Unterkunft befindet sich in einem typischen Vorstadthaus. Sie ist sehr sauber. Für alles ist gesorgt. Wir, Familie mit 2 Kindern, würden sofort wieder buchen und können die Unterkunft nur jedem empfehlen. 25 Minuten von Manhatten entfernt, bekommt man nur schwer etwas für diesen Preis. Also klare Empfehlung.   Jason and Ondine made our first Airbnb experience an amazing one. It made our stay in New York feel like our home away from home. It was everything and more than what my family and I had expected it to be. Their home was exactly what their pictures look like on their listing and the reviews of other peoples experiences there are true about the wonderful couple. They are an awesome power couple!!! My family and I felt so welcomed and are so grateful to have met them. Their knowledge of NYC helped us check out new places to visit and made our experience in NYC an unforgettable one. Ondine is such an awesome individual. She was sweet enough to take us to the ferry and even offered us to take us to the market if needed. Theres so much to say about our stay that words are never enough to amount of the kind of experience we had. JUST PURE AWESOMENESS!!! If you ever plan to stay with Jason and Ondine, I would highly recommend it to any one who plans to visit NYC.     At the end our trip, Jason and Ondine have become family to us. They welcomed us with open arms and we have been so fortunate to have stayed in their lovely home. Hopefully, they can make a trip out to the South Pacific! Thank you for everything, Jason and Ondine!!!     Faafetai Tele Lava! (Thank you so much!) From the Faaiuaso family         We had a wonderful stay at Jasons and Ondeens house. Everything was exactly as on the pictures and we had a really great time with our hosts. They also gave us lots of information about where to go in the NYC-area. So big recommendation for this apartment, youll enjoy.  Jason and Ondine are amazing, friendly, warm hosts. The place is great!!! We loved our stay in the 2nd floor apartment. Walking distance to the ferry. Easy access to busses, amenities etc. great historic neighborhood, close to Snug Harbor. We had a wonderful stay at Jason and Ondines home. The space was great. Cozy and clean and the location was an easy commute to the ferry just as they described. Jason and Ondine were available and willing to help in any way that we needed and we will definitely stay again! Dies war unsere erste Erfahrung mit airbnb und es hätte nicht besser sein können: Jason und Ondine waren wahnsinnig gastfreundlich, der Kühlschrank war so gefüllt, dass wir nicht fürs Frühstück am nächsten Morgen einkaufen mussten, Getränke waren sogar für mehrere Abende vorhanden. Verschiedene Läden sind aber auch nicht weit entfernt. Es gibt eine sehr informative Mappe mit Umgebungsinformationen, Ondine war aber auch immer erreichbar und für Auskünfte offen und sehr hilfreich. Die Fotos entsprechen absolut der Wohnung, sie ist sogar noch gemütlicher, als abgebildet. Die Küche ist super ausgestattet. Wir haben uns außerordentlich wohl gefühlt und waren hoffentlich nicht zum letzten Mal dort. Die tägliche Fahrt mit der Fähre nach Manhattan war ein tägliches Highlight, schon der Weg dorthin und die Aussicht auf die Skyline sind großartig. Wir hätten es nicht besser antreffen können! Jason et Ondeen sont très chaleureux et sont vraiment lexemple type dune expérience Airbnb réussie. Leur appartement est confortable, les literies sans reproche, et décoré avec goût. De plus il est idéalement situé à 10 min à pied du ferry qui va à Manhattan (gratuit, 24h/24, toutes les 30 minutes). Thank you very much. Easily the best air bnb we have ever stayed in; the apartment is beautifully designed and furnished with ever whim catered to. The hosts are some of the nicest people we have ever met - friendly, helpful, super knowledgable (about the area, NYC and beyond) and generally just the best. We will be back and urge anyone looking for a place to stay while exploring the many boroughs of NYC (the free ferry into Manhattan is a mere 5 minute stroll) to book this wonderful apartment ASAP. Thank you again, we had the BEST trip! We loved to stay in this house with Jason and Ondine! The house was great and so where our hosts. They warmly welcomed my daughter who was arriving 1 day earlier and Ondine gave her a lot of usefull informatie. The house is very easy to reach from the Staten Island Ferry. We walked down and took the bus up in the evening. The daily ride with Staten Island Ferry was a great experience. Sitting in the sun and passing by the Statue of Liberty and a spectacular landing at Manhattan with beautifull sight on the Freedom Tower. We would definately stay here again.  The hosts couldnt have been nicer and more helpful.  They gave us lots of advice, and allowed us to text them while in Manhattan to learn subway routes.  The house is absolutely cute.  We are not used to this style of house, living in Florida, and it was really fun.  The cats might have been our favorite.      Everything worked just fine, and couldnt have been more comfortable.  It was a short walk to the ferry, which is free, and so we could spend long days in Manhattan without worry.  The neighborhood is quiet enough, and it was really neat staying in a NYC area.  It was much quieter than Manhattan.  We also drove around a bit and found a great diner.  We cant wait to have a moment to go back. El apartamento es muy bonito, es como se ve en las fotos y está muy organizado y limpio. Está muy bien equipado con todas las cosas necesarias para una estadía muy cómoda. Lamentablemente no pudimos conocer a Jason pero su esposa es muy amable y siempre estuvo pendiente de nosotros, nos recomendó lugares para conocer en la ciudad. Nos encantó el lugar y recomendamos mucho esta estadía. This cozy, comfortable place was a perfect home away from home for our little family of 3 (2 adults and 1 11-year-old). It was nice to relax there after long days of walking /exploring Manhattan. The ferry was a short walk so very convenient for our exploration of the city. Great touches included great coffee, beautiful dishes and well-stocked kitchen in general, TV with all the channels you could ever want, nice quality soap and shampoo in the bathroom, and Ondine even gave our daughter a sweet Christmas gift as we departed. We were warmly greeted and oriented and they were always available to answer questions. Overall, a great place to stay if you want a homey place close to the city! Fantastic value, great hosts, and excellent location.    Family of four (two boys, 12 & 14) stayed between Christmas and New Year.  The rooms were much more than we expected as far as privacy and space - one boy slept in the 2nd bedroom, the other (by choice) on the couch in the living room.  Location is quiet (for NYC).  Able to park on the street a few feet from the house at no cost.    We walked to the ferry terminal each morning and spend the day exploring Manhattan.  Then walked back in the evening.  Ferry ride is a NYC attraction in itself - with great views of the statue of liberty and lower Manhattan.     Full kitchen was stocked with basic food and drinks.  Able to make our own breakfast each morning (a huge money saver).  Full cable and wi-fi allowed us to unwind, watch the bowl games, and catch up after long days in the city.    Ondine and Jason are great hosts.  They really went out of the way to make sure we were comfortable and knew about the citys latest attractions.  We ate at a few local restaurants based on our hosts recommendations.  All were excellent.    This is our new favorite lodging when visiting NYC.   The perfect place to stay! Jason and his wife are great hosts. Their apartment has everything you wish for especially a fully equipped kitchen! Great! It is easy to get into Manhattan with the ferry. The ride is actually very enjoyable :)  We highly recommend a stay in Jasons apartment. Jason and Ondines place is super. Everything you could possibly need and they really are super hosts in every way. It was lovely to take the ferry Manhattan and equally lovely to come back to the (Website hidden by Airbnb) so much for having us. Jason and Ondine are great hosts. Friendly, always reachable, providing good recommendations for our sightseeing tours, transportation, shopping and restaurants. The apartment is fully equipped, provided enough space for 4 people and the kitchen and even the fridge were filled with everything you need for a couple of days stay.  If you are looking for house on staten island, You must rent this house. The house is so nice, clean and have everything you need. The landlord is so kind, warm, nice. My parents came from china to have 15 days trip. They lived here and have a wonderful journey! This house ggive me so good remember!!!!!!! Thanks Jason and your wife!!! Casa bellissima e persone splendide e disponibili. Ottima posizione per raggiungere Manhattan  Its the best places Ive stayed in the last few years, since the house is very beautiful and cozy, with everything you need for a very comfortable and quiet stay. Jason and Ondine will be waiting for you to show you the place and you will have the neccesary in the refrigerator so you do not have to go on your first afternoon to the market. Take the ferry ride and enjoy the view of Manhattan is very nice and beautiful especially at night. The neighborhood is very quiet and safe no matter what time you return. Many thanks Jason and Ondine. Great place, very welcome. Het was heerlijk rustig op Staten Eiland. We hebben hier een week overnacht en dat was zeer comfortabel. Ik was hier samen met mijn vader. Elke dag met de ferry vonden wij erg leuk, 15 minuten lopen, we hadden de tijd en konden elke dag van het mooie uitzicht genieten. Alles is in het apartement aanwezig. Als je aankomt is er voldoende in de koelkast aanwezig om de eerste dag door te komen, kortom overal is aan gedacht! Gastheer en gastvrouw zijn ook zeer gastvrij. Je voelt je er erg welkom. Wij hebben genoten! Logement parfait. Une maison en bois typiquement américaine dans un quartier résidentiel calme. La décoration de l appartement fait tres New yorkaise. Excellents conseils des propriétaires .A quelques minutes de marche du ferry de staten Island qui vous amène directement à Manhattan ( et qui est gratuit). Les propriétaires sont présents et sont tres  tres agréables. Nous gardons cette adresse précieusement pour un nouveau voyage .  Our stay in Jasons and Ondines appartment in a quiet neighborhood was exceptional! It just looks like in the pictures and was like a small home for us. It could not have gotten any better! Ondine gave us a lot of helpful tips of what to see and where to eat. Their hospitality was just awesome. The ferry crossing every day was wonderful due to the breathtaking view. We would come back any time :-)  Prima verblijf, rustige buurt, zeer vriendelijke en behulpzame eigenaren. Aanrader! Een verblijf in het huis van Ondine en Jason op Staten Island is zeer aan te raden. Het is een verborgen juweel in de directe omgeving van Manhattan. Op loopafstand (of eventueel met de bus) van de Staten Island Ferry. Ondine en Jason zijn supergastvrij. We hebben met zn vieren enorm genoten van ons verblijf in New York. Jason en Ondine zijn zeer gastvrije mensen waar je je absoluut welkom voelt! Ze zijn enorm behulpzaam en geven je de beste tips!   Op de dag van aankomst hadden we nog honger en ze stonden meteen klaar om ons te helpen met nog ergens wat eten te halen. Ondine heeft zelfs nog heerlijke nagels voor ons gehaald een van de laatste dagen. En de laatste dag heeft ze ons Staten Island nog laten zien. Ontzettend vriendelijke mensen en het appartement was ook top! Alles is aanwezig voor een goed en comfortabel verblijf en als je wat nodig hebt kun je altijd bij Jason en Ondine terecht.  De wandeling naar de Ferry is ook heel goed te doen, en de Ferry is al een hele leuke ervaring op zich!  In 1 woord: fantastisch genoten!! Awesome place!!! Best hosts ever!  During our weeklong stay we had a wonderful time here! Jason and Ondine are open and are willing to help you at any time. The appartment is very cozy! The trip with the ferry off and on Staten Island is also enjoyable. Jason and Ondine were wonderful hosts! They both welcomed us and were very flexible with checking in and out. They recommended great places for us to see and eat at as it was our first time in NY. We loved our cozy apartment and stay very much!  Jasons place is simply amazing!!  Great space, very clean and comfortable!!  They have thought of everything you may possibly need!!!  Off street parking, very close to the ferry.  Very happy that they had kid friendly activities and channels on tv!  Restaurants nearby, delivery service available from several different restaurants, neighborhood nice and quiet!!! We had a great time while staying in the 2 bedrooms apartment. Jason and Ondine are great hosts. We loved the cleanliness and that the apartment is very cozy. We felt welcomed and at home! Ondine was very attentive and helpful. We would love to stay there again next time! This place is awesome , Ondine and Jason were great host, you really think you are in home ,thank you very much ! Fabulous apartment in a great location. For the price of a really basic hotel in NYC we got a whole apartment decorated with charm and thoughtfulness. Everything we needed to relax after a long day sightseeing.  Just 10 mins walk from the Staten Island ferry which we didnt tire of getting as it added to the holiday.  Jason and Ondine had thought of everything to make our stay a home from home. We were sad to leave and would love to be back. We highly recommend it. What a amazing first Airbnb experience! Jason & Ondine are wonderful hosts, very friendly and welcoming, extremely helpful, always there to give you advice and tips. The apartment is very cozy and charming and very clean. The kitchen is well equipped, with some basics awaiting in the fridge. And we loved the ferry ride to Manhattan. Thank you for making our stay in NYC special. Sehr hübsch eingerichtete Wohnung; es hat an nichts gefehlt (Klimaanlage, voll ausgestattete Küche, bequeme Betten, für 4 Personen, großzügiges Bad). 15 Minuten Fußmarsch zur Station Island Ferry.  Nur begrenzt Einkaufsmöglichkeiten in der Nähe (keine großen Supermärkte).  Toll war, dass uns die Gastgeber den Kühlschrank für Frühstück bestückt hatten. We stayed for 5 nights as a family with grown up children in this wonderful flat and felt it was home from home. The flat is very tastefully furnished and decorated (no wonder as both Jason and Odine are designers). The kitchen is fully equipped and the whole flat is spotlessly clean. It was great that the fridge was filled with food for breakfast and lots of drinks (including beer!). The beds were very comfortable and the towels super fluffy and soft. We had great long talks with Odine and got a lot of useful information about New York and other topics and Odine was so helpful.  The walk to the Ferry is a comfortable 10 -15 minutes stroll and even the way back uphill is fine. It is a good start to the day to pass the Statue of Liberty every morning! Parking is no problem. We can highly recommend this place and hope to come back one day If you are looking for a place to stay that gives you access to NY City and it environs, look no further.  The scenic ferry ride back and forth to Manhattan was something we looked forward to and made us feel like real New Yorkers.  The apartment was spacious, well-appointed, and only a short walk from the ferry terminal.  That walk passed a convenience store and several restaurants, which we took advantage of.  In fact, their was a Thai place gave us one of the best meals of our trip.  Jason and Ondine were so welcoming and helpful, particularly Ondine.  Best of all, it was great to see how much these two enjoy sharing their city! Hands down the best Airbnb experience weve had! The apartment is stocked with everything youd ever think of and is in such a great location to explore NYC, just a 10-15 min walk down to the (free!) ferry. Jason & Ondine were available to provide advice on what to see & do in the area. Plus they have a very friendly cat! We stayed 6 nights in this nice 2 rooms accommodation, clean apartment nothing to complain about!, perfect for the first time traveler to NY. I wasnt fortunate enough to stay in Jason and Ondines lovely apartment but booked for my husband and two teenage daughters traveling to NYC.  Jason responded to all of my communication promptly and kindly.  The visitor info they provided on taking public transportation to and from the airport was immensely helpful and spot-on, and my family was able to find the apartment with no problem.  They had nothing but nice things to stay about the accommodations.  Jason and Ondine have thought of EVERYTHING to make for a great stay, even had extras such as first aid kit, umbrellas by the door, and some food to get them started.  Theres even a little grocery within walking distance.  My family felt quite at home.    If youre considering this as a stay but concerned about proximity to the city as I was, dont give it a second thought, JUST BOOK!  The ferry station is a short walk or bus ride away and the ferry was one of my familys favorite parts of each day.  They appreciated having a quieter place to stay to help relax at the end of a busy day.    Next time we plan a trip to NYC, we wont hesitate to book here again!  Jason and Ondine were excellent hosts.  Thank you so much! If you are worried about being over in Staten Island, then dont worry one bit!  The ferry to and from Manhatten each day was such a great part of our first trip to New York.  Also great to explore a bit of Staten Island too - some great guided bird walks at Wolfes Pond and an interesting area at Snug Harbour. The apartment was all we could have hoped for; clean, spacious and well equipped with a wide range of kitchen stuff plus some really interesting books. Jason and Odine were really helpful with tips and information.  We would have no hesitation in recommending this place to stay. The apartment is great with lovely decoration. Clean, quite, cosy and has everything you need. Jason and his wife are amazing hosts. They were so kind to us. Thanks! Perfect accomandation for us (family with 4 persons) and nice host.  Special thanks for Odine & Jason, providing very useful information about restaurant and special places to go in NYC. Un vrai home sweet home pendant votre séjour à New York. Jason et Ondine ont été des hôtes très attentionnés ! Vous avez tout ce quil vous faut sur place, il manque juste une machine à laver pour les séjours longs, par contre la déco est très sympa et chaleureuse, les literies de super qualité et nous avons adoré les produits offerts pour pallier aux premiers besoins ... Vous pouvez aller prendre le ferry à pied, par contre notez que cela monte pas mal (on ne le voit pas sur le plan ;-) ) du coup on sen est un peu voulu dêtre monté à pied le premier jour avec nos valises .... Au pire si vous prenez un taxi ou un Uber vous en aurez pour 8 à 10$. Je dois vous avouez que cétait la solution que nous choisissions pour rentrer le soir après une journée de ballade dans New York ;-) Dernier point : Nous y étions pour le marathon et ça cest le vrai bon plan car ma femme a pu partir en Uber moins de 2 heures avant son départ et du coup éviter le lever à laube et les interminables heures dattente dans le froid pour le ferry ou le bus !!!! I would unhesitatingly recommend this special Airbnb! Jason and Ondine are wonderful hosts, they are available without being intrusive. The apartment was nicely decorated and very comfortable. I especially appreciated the extras like eggs and bread in the kitchen, plenty of towels,   fresh flowers, and all the other cozy and thoughtful touches. To top it all off, kitty Kanzo and I cuddled while I waited for my ride to the airport.  I almost didnt want to leave :) We truly enjoyed our stay onat Jasons place on Staten island. There was plenty of room for me, the wife, and two kids. We loved the decor and the location. The kitchen had fridge, stove, and microwave in addition to dishes needed for cooking basic meals. The Staten island ferry is only a 15 minute walk, and about 25 minute ride to get to lower Manhattan. We enjoyed the experience of getting to the city each day via the ferry and were able to see many of the sights of NYC. Jason was friendly and helpful and provided useful information about the city. There was free parking available along the street.  If you want to visit NYC but want to stay away from the hustle and bustle and high prices of Manhattan, then I highly recommend Jasons place. Great value: top marks for facilities, location, hospitality, and location. The short walk to the ferry and good restaurants makes the location just about perfect. Short walk to the FREE ferry to New York. We loved the ferry arrival into NYC from Staten Island. Best way to see New York is by ferry passing by Lady Liberty and there your transits await..  subway is great. Ondine has all the tricks to make your plans happen. I loved our trip and it was mostly because of the convenience of Jason and Ondines home. ***** great time! Lappartement est vraiment très confortable. On sy sent comme à la maison. Il laisse à disposition shampoing, gel douche, sèche cheveux, crème pour le corps... dans la cuisine il y a également tout ce quil faut pour se faire à dîner. Il y en a pour moins de 10mn à pied pour se rendre au ferry, qui met lui 25mnde pour aller à Manhattan. Cest une très belle expérience de découvrir NY tous les matin par ce biais là. Je recommande vivement cette adresse si vous recherchez du calme le soir après lagitation de la journée. If I could give a higher rating I could.  Everything was above expectations.  It was my first airbnb experience and I will definitely choose this host again when I return to NYC. Super cute spacious apartment with everything we needed to celebrate the holidays - we felt at home. Thank you for your wonderful hospitality!!!	1
266	Kristin was very helpfull and friendly people. We live in living room  but I can say, that we have absolutely privacy. Location in compare with price was good, we live in quiet neighbourhood, 5 minutes from metro station, 15 - 20 min from Times Square. If you find some cheap accomodation in Manhattan, this is  definitely good place for staying.  Awesome stay. Given the price I honestly wasnt expecting much.. Lower priced Airbnb places are usually.. well.. crap! But this was a very pleasant surprise. Despite sleeping in the living room Kristin had separated the room from the remaining apartment and spent the entire 3 days with her dog in her own room. There was plenty of room & privacy, as well as a couch, a big TV, Fox/NBC/ABC etc. (Sunday Night Football, Simpsons, Brooklyn 99 and SNL for the win) and even a big kitchen we could use if need be. Also despite there being a dog in the apartment we only met the cute guy two times, so it didnt become too much ;-)  Considering you would normally only get an isolated small room for twice this Airbnb price in Manhattan, this was one of our best Airbnb experiences in NYC (weve had quite a few).  Travel to Penn Station and Times Square was also decent.. ~20-25-ish minutes or so... all on the same red line 1, which is close by the apartment. Had we been more succesful in getting ourselves out of bed, we would even have had the opportunity to take a morning run by the shore, since the apartment is right there next to the water. I thought Kristin was amazing, very nice and helpful. She gave us a very authentic New York experience and it was awesome. Would totally book with her again :) Kristi is nice, her dog is adorable and well behaved.    The house is 5  minutes walk to the metro, the kitchen is big and clean  and the living room, its big and private (she puts some courtains to separate the living room from the rest of the house) and even though the bed is an airbed, its quite comfy.    Im very surprised that no one mentioned there is no wifi in the house, I guess that its important for us, maybe not for the rest of the people.    Our only complaints are that the bathroon was a little bit messy and not very clean, (no towels provided) and she doesnt give much information about the city, we were lucky that someone before us left a map of NY.    Overall, if you want a cheap place to stay, its OK.  (no maps, guides, etc)         Kristin was very nice and made sure, that we had everything we needed. It takes about 45 min to get to downtown from the appartment, but it is a pretty safe neighborhood!  We would recommend staying with her Kristin was very friendly and helpful. The apartment is very spacious, and the building has some old-time charm to it.  We could also use the kitchen, that was really convenient. The smallest part of the apartment was the bathroom, which is also old and not renovated in a while, but we didnt need any luxury.  Also, we didnt need any AC, but maybe in the summer it can be pretty hot and wet in NYC, so keep this in mind. I saw that Kristin had some fans, so I guess that can help if its too hot.    The location is very good, the subway is 2 minutes away (line 1), that gets you to Times Sq or Penn Station in 30-45 minutes (depends on the time of day). The area is very safe, and has lots of stores and food places.    The apartment has no wifi, as Kristin has stated in the ad, but there is free wifi at a lot of places in NY, and the closest was in the front of the subway station, as well as the near by Dunkin Donuts and McDonalds. And Kristin offered to make a hotspot for us if we needed internet at the apartment.    Overall, great value for money place, and Kristin was a very kind host. Kristin è una persona amichevole e disponibile, la living room è davvero accogliente e sembra quasi di essere in una stanza privata, il letto è un materasso gonfiabile ma davvero comodo. Unica nota negativa è che nella stanza vi era solo una lampada e non emetteva tantissima luce ma nulla di preoccupante. Host consigliata!!! :) Great host, very flexible! The description is accurate, and it has  great subway connection to Manhattan and all the places you want to visit in Downtown NY. We really enjoyed our stay with Kristin and can recommend it to everybody for a great New York experience! Kristins apartment is very close to metro and even without the metro in a pretty great location. It is very clean and the rooms are as described. Also Kristin as host is super relaxed and friendly. In this price range definitely a great place to stay in NYC. Great host and great place near the subway. Kristin was welcoming and made sure we had everything we needed. The description was accurate, the living room was private enough and comfortable. The dogs were almost unnoticeable (kept in Kristins room) and we were free to go in and out anytime. As listed, there is no Wi-Fi but there is lots of free Wi-Fi in NYC anyway, and if necessary, the computer can be used.  The living room is quite dark at night because there is only one lamplight, but it is not a major problem. For an appartment in Manhattan, you can hardly get a better price.   Everything was good. The house is close to the subway so it is very easy to get everywhere in the city. The area is safe you dont have to worry about it. Kristin is nice and helps you if you have any questions. I definietly recommend her.  Great place! Very clean and private. The location is also perfect. Kristin is nice and has been very available when we arrived and left. I definitely recommend it! Kristin is extremely warm. The location of this place is on point as the subway and bus stops are literally a minute away. A safe environment if you wanna come home late as well! She volunteered to help us look for information and gave us a lot of privacy. This was our first AirBnB experience and it was good. Thank you so much Kristin. 	0
267	Very clean, hip, and lovely place. The host was welcoming and communication was great. We would come back anytime.  Amazing apartment, very centrally located. Tristan was a great host! Amazing place, even better than the pictures. Check-in process was convenient, and when we arrived the apartment was very clean and tidy.   Walking distance to a lot of restaurants. Back deck may have been the best part!  Great place which is central to everything great in Williamsburg but still secluded. Large private balcony and a public rooftop decking area with great views of Manhattan. Tristan was easy to communicate with and our overall stay was memorable. Would love to come back if given the opportunity The apartment is a an excellent location for williamsburg and only a few blocks from the L train to get to manhattan. The pictures do not do the place justice. The shared roofdeck (not pictured) had geat city and water views and a sitting area with tables and chairs and also two hammocks that we enjoyed 4th of july fireworks from. The beds were super comfortable and bigger than they look in the pictures.  The apartment complex in itsself appears to be a brand new restored.  I would defintely stay at this apartment again in the future. We liked the neighborhood so much we only ventured to the city one time for a few hours in the four nights we stayed. We were surrounded by tons of excellent restaurants and hip shops.  Tristians place was perfectly located and to be honest nicer than the pictures on Airbnb. You wont be let down staying here. Its the perfect location and space in Williamsburg, BK. We were 3 travelling for business and it all went well. Seamless check-in/checkout, nice apartment with lovely rooftop and views to the city. Close to subway and many things to do in the neighborhood. Nice, clean, cozy and very well located.  I recommend! Would come back for sure! Amazing apartment in Williamsburg, with quick and easy access to the subway where you are one stop away from Manhattan. Close to ample restaurants & shops. The private patio is a great place to sit and watch the sun go down. Very stylish apartment in a hip and central location. Lots of great restaurants, bars, cafes, shops within walking distance. Cool kitchen. Easy elevator access. Tristan was very responsive and gave us helpful tips.	1
268	Liubov’s place is well-situated on East 69th St and presents a good alternative to Manhattan’s very expensive hotels.  The facilities are OK. Liubovs apt locates at a very good spot in Manhattan. Easy access to the public transportation and restaurants. Definitely a good choice for me. We had a great time staying at Liubovs place this past weekend.  Leading up to and during our stay, Liubov was extremely responsive via email/text/phone and was very flexible with our check-in and check-out times.  The apartment itself was very clean and exactly as described:  Great location, great space, everything needed for an enjoyable stay.  Lots of thoughtful, personal touches as well.  We highly recommend this apartment for others visiting Manhattan. Lovely clean space with a city backyard. Great location. Very friendly and accommodating host. Grand studio bien placé proximité de central park et accès métro. Liubov très accueillante . Je re commande Great location. Perfect for two This is a great location. The apartment is large - perfect for a couple or solo traveler. Liubov was quick to respond to any questions I had. I had a great visit. I will check if available next time I travel to NYC and recommend it to anyone else. The location of this tidy little apartment is superb; close to interesting places and within an active, diverse neighborhood.  Just a couple of small annoyances: the type of NYC apartment it is means that you cannot control the heat (it was too warm), never could figure-out how to view channels on the TV, the warped refrigerator door meant the poor appliance ran all the time.  HOWEVER, these were small.  Most important was Liubovs speedy and considerate communications, the funky little apartment with a backyard, and a great location.  I would return! Hemos estado encantados en este alojamiento, ha sido un acierto. Siempre que nos comunicamos con la anfitriona la respuesta fue inmediata, resolviendo nuestras dudas. La localización del apartamento nos ha parecido buena, en una zona tranquila y segura, cercana a parada de metro (a dos cuadras, unos 5 minutos como mucho). Colchón cómodo, la ducha va muy bien, muy limpio todo. Lo único no tan positivo fue la cocina, que apenas tiene menaje para cocinar.   En definitiva, este alojamiento ha contribuido a que nuestra estancia en nueva York fuera perfecta.  We have been happy in this apartment, it has been a success. Whenever we communicated with the hostess the response was immediate, resolving our doubts. The location of the apartment has seemed good, in a quiet and safe area, near metro stop (two blocks, about 5 minutes as much). Comfortable mattress, the shower goes very well, very clean everything. The only not so positive thing was the kitchen, which barely has cooking utensils.  Definitely, this accommodation has contributed to a perfect stay in New York.  Thank you for everything, Liubov. The apartment is exactly as described and very well located for two subway lines, museums and parks. Luibov was very responsive to any question we had. Weve used Airbnb several times and this was one of our best stays. Both Liu and the apartment were great. It’s a beautiful place, with bricks and books; and a whole wall is door windows, that makes your mind, and body, enjoy a Manhattan Upper East Side’s real patio (includes snow in december!). Great experience, and Liu made it happen. Liubov has been amazingly kind. It was my first airbnb experience and it was awesome. Definitily I’ll come again. The apt is very cozy and clean. Plus subway lines we’re very glose. All what we need. Thanks for everything Great place for two, very cosy and the station is only about a block away! Enjoyed my stay. This is nice apartment in a quiet neighborhood.  Very close to Mskcc. It was walking distance to several restaurants subway and central park. You can also walk to the east river promenade.  Luibov is a kind and thoughtful hostess who is there to assist with any issues. It’s a great place to stay in NY. Not noisy. With a very nice backyard. Easy access to everywhere with the metro a block away. Minimal issues with the stove and a window. Not her fault at all sh.. happens. She gave us a perfect replacement with an electrical stove!. Totally recommend this place!.  Es un lugar perfecto para quedarse en NY. Tiene un parque muy agradable atrás. La llegada y salida flexible es excelente y real, por sobre todo. El subte a una cuadra. Mínimos inconvenientes con el horno y una ventana por un accidente. No tuvo nada que ver ella. Solo el destino. Excelente anfitriona. Quédense acá en acá en NY	1
269	Nice apartment, nice people, very easy to talk to and very helpful. Accomodate me well with my (very) late checkin. Description is pretty accurate. Ill come back... I stayed here for a little over three weeks. Although it was a little uncomfortable without A/C in the room during some of the hottest days of the Fall, the room was clean and well maintained. The best part about my stay here was the host’s eagerness to make me feel like family. Upon arrival, the other guests and I were treated to a home-cooked meal, which was an extremely kind and generous gesture. Sharing a bathroom with the other guests (sometimes 2-4 others) wasn’t always easy, but the host did make an effort to see to it that the bathroom was cleaned at least a few times each week. I would highly recommend to anyone on a quick trip who is looking for a family-style environment. Accurate description and very friendly host!  Close proximity to shops and train. Pas cher. Super nice hosts!  About a 15 minute walk from the 1 train, and a bit closer to the local C.  Thanks! Thanks	0
270	"The reservation was canceled 53 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. I love the place - perfect location, nice decoration and above all very cozy. Carla is a great host, very welcoming and extremely helpful! We had an excellent stay! Carlas apartment is ideally located, very comfortable and practical for 2. Carla was an excellent host- very attentive. Logistics and communications for check in and out were a breeze.  I just moved to New York and while searching for a permanent home I stayed at Carlas apartment for 6 weeks. I couldnt imagine a better and warmer welcome to the city. The location is perfect. In the middle of the East Village, with every possible restaurant or bar within walking distance. The apartment is cozy, cute and clean with enough space for two.   Carla is just a great host. Super friendly, made me feel at home and helped me out a lot with my apartment search. She was actually hardly around, so youll probably have the whole apartment to yourself.  Highly recommended! We received a wonderful and kind hospitality from Carla.  She waited for us when we arrived and helped us feel comfortable in the apartment. The apartment was exactly as described , and although it wasnt ours, we felt very much at home. Its a wonderful solution for 2 people, allows one to sleep while the other one can busy himself in the other room.   The aprtment is located at a prime location, a few blocks from the subway, and from its open roof you get to see great views of New York.   Great Location! Carla set us up with everything we needed and gave us some great tips on where to eat and drink! The place was clean and very welcoming! My girlfriend and I had a great stay at Carlas place. The area is wonderful, with lots of excellent places to eat and grab a drink. Carla made it easy to get into the place when we needed to, and leave the final day when we needed to. The apartment has everything you need and is beautifully furnished. I would recommend this place to a couple who are looking to stay in a nice area, can handle a small place (which place isnt small in NYC?), and want the ease of your own apartment vs a hotel. Highly recommended.  Carla was a really great host. She recommended us many restaurants and places to go. They were all great. We had everything we needed in the apartment. It was really cosy. And finally, the neighbourhood was lively and perfect to go out. We had an amazing stay in NYC. Thanks again Carla.  Neighbourhood and location of apartment was excellent. Very quiet apartment, great for relaxing after a long day exploring NYC! Carla was fantastic and very accommodating. We were welcomed with a bottle of wine and emailed a list of restaurants and activities to do in the area which was very kind. The apartment was clean, cozy and close to some great restaurants. Unfortunately the rooftop had been closed off for use by building management, however this was obviously no fault of Carlas. We would recommend this apartment :) Our flight had a five hour delay but that didnt seem to be a problem for Carla. She waited for us close to the apartment so that she could be there quickly when we got there. We appreciated that very much! Thank you!    The apartment is located perfectly to explore the whole city. Its in a very nice neighbourhood with lots of great places to eat! Subway and bus stations are in a short walking distance, which makes everything a lot easier in this huge city.     At first we had a problem with the toilet because the flushing didnt really work. After the second time Carla came by to fix it, it finally worked.  There also seemed to be a little problem with the shower since the bathtub filled up with water while you were having a shower. It didnt take a long time until you stood in a ankle-high ""pond"" which wasnt that nice. But never mind. I think were just used to better sanitary installations.     Carla is very friendly and welcoming. She explained everything in her flat when we got there and sent us a long list with excellent places to visit and where we could have nice meals. Her tips were really good!     So all in all, Carlas place is a good spot to explore New York and have a good time, although Im not sure if I would pay the same price for the apartment again. Carlas place was great if you want that real New Yorkian feel.  She greeted us and even carried our bags up which was above and beyond! Carla always checked up on us to make sure we were okay and her place is centrally located in east village. Plenty of awesome eateries and grocery stores withjn walking distance and a very safe neighborhood. I would definitely stay again! Overall we had a good (Email hidden by Airbnb) munication with her was great, and she helped us bring our bags up -- super nice of her!   Excellent location with easy train access. Only downside was having to climb the stairs each time, and the Internet was spotty (slow and would sometimes have to be restarted).   Thanks again! We had a fantastic stay at Carlas place. I honestly only have good things to say! Carla is a great host. She met us when we arrived even though it was quite late in the evening and gave us good tips about local places to check out and explore. The place itself is exactly as described and perfect for a couple or single person. The area where Carlas place is located is excellent - close to great bars and restaurants, and very easy to check out whatever you want in Manhattan. The only thing to note is that theres no lift at Carlas place and its a few flights of stairs to her apartment - which was no problem for us, but could be a bit tiring for elderly people. Thanks again Carla! :) A wonderful stay. A wonderful pad. Carla was so accommodating. Will stay again if possible Carla was very friendly on arrival and throughout the trip giving us lots of local tips. Apartment was just as described, and in a brilliant location in the East Village. We had a great time there! We had a wonderful stay at Carlas apartment. Friendly welcome and nice tips to eat and go out. Lively neighborhood with very good places to eat and good atmosphere. Quite at night. Ideal place to discover NY. And yes, its a 5 story climb, but nothing compared to the miles youll walk in the city. Great, great, great neighborhood! And this appartment is right in the middle of it, in a beautiful and not-so-busy-street. Carla is a lovely and helpful host. Although the appartment isnt exactly as zen and serene as on the pictures (in fact its a little bit more chaotic, a bit smaller as suggested and filled with more personal stuff), we liked it very much to stay here for three nights in december 2015. The fact youre in the mddle of East Village makes it alsmost magic. An artsy and releaxed place to come back to!  Carlas apartment is absolutely gorgeous and was perfect for our stay in NYC. The apartment is exactly as the pics show - tasteful and minimalist decor, super clean, comfortable bed, plenty of space for the two of us and our pups. We loved being back in our old neighbourhood in the East Village, surrounded by wondrous restaurants and a short walk to Tompkins Sq Park. Carla was a wonderful host - she put up with our being later than expected to check-in due to traffic, was quick to respond throughout our stay, and gave a great list of recommended restaurants. Dont be put off by the walk-up - its standard in the East Village and the apartment is well worth it! Staying at Carlas apartment was a great experience for my boyfriend and I. It was our first time in NYC and Carla was an extremely wonderful host. She was nice, friendly and extremely helpful. She not only helped us with our giant luggages up 5 floors, but also gave us tips on where to visit during our trip. Thanks Carla! :)  Staying here was a dream. Carla is so nice and easy going. She helped me lug my heavy suitcase up the stairs. The apartment is a true east village gem- the set up is lovely and its full of color and light and interesting art and books and such. My dog and i felt so at home there . The location is perfect. Would highly recommend !!! Thanks again Carla!!!  Mi padre se alojó en el departamento de Carla. Tuvo una linda experiencia. El departamento es lindo, luminoso y silencio. Perfecto para una persona o una pareja. Carla fue súper atenta, amable y nos ayudo con todo lo necesitamos! Muchas gracias Carla  Carla was a great host. She was flexible with the show up time, and very easy to get in contact with. Her apartment was perfect for our three night stay. It has everything you need for a comfortable experience in East Village that is far superior to any hotel. I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking to experience East Village without inflated hotel prices, and someone looking for a more real New York experience.  The location of the apartment is great and communications with Carla were easy and smooth. Carla was a wonderful host! She made us feel very welcome. The apartment was perfect for us, two friends over for a long weekend. Its in a great neighborhood with nice restaurants and coffe shops. With only 10 minutes walk to soho and other parts of Manhattan this makes this the perfect place! When Im going back I defiantly staying here again.  Nice appartment in nice area, perfect service Great place, great host, great area, everything as communicated!! Carlas flat was very clean, stylish and comftable. We really loved it. The location was perfekt, a lot of bars and restaurants around. Inside.. really quiet. Carla was very friendly and helped us with everything...:) perfect: great host, great location, great place to stay in NYC. Youre in the middle of something, not nothing. Would stay here again. 5 Stars️️️️️ This is a great apartment and we really enjoyed our stay here. Carla was fantastic to correspond with in advance and was kind enough to stay up late to meet us with the keys. The apartment is well located in the middle of the East Village and close to lots of restaurants, bars and cafes. The apartment is really quiet and we slept really well here. The bed is really nice and there was plenty of room for our stuff. Would definitely stay here again.  Carla was a fantastic host. Nice and available, as well as really reactive as soon as I had a question. The place itself is a great way to live a full East Village experience. Spacious, clean, with a positive ambiance to it, really quiet. It was all completely in line with the ad and the photos, so I recommend it 100%. Carlas place in the East Village was the perfect location close to restaurants, bars and metro stops. My wife and I spent 4 great days in her flat and would recommend her place to anyone looking to stay in Manhattan.  We had aan really nice stay at Carlas place. The location is amazing and the appartement is clean and nice.  I would recommend it to everyone.   Carlas lovely apartment is very cozy and fantastic. She is very kindly to help you and respond your question quickly. We tried several cafes Carla suggested, and they are all good. It is a fantastic stay in this apartment. Nous avons reçu un excellent accueil par Carla dès le premier jour de notre arrivée. Elle a pris tout le temps nécessaire pour nous expliquer le quartier et faire visiter lappartement. Ce dernier est très confortable, ensoleillé, fonctionnel et propre. Sa localité nous a permis de découvrir Manhattan très facilement à pieds et en métro.  Le quartier est très tranquille et en même temps à proximité dépicerie biologique et de restaurants accessibles et de bonne qualité.  Incontestablement, nous recommandons cette adresse.  Merci beaucoup Carla pour ce magnifique séjour!  Carla nous a attendu le 1er soir pour nous accueillir, ce qui fut très agréable. Elle nous a expliqué comment lappartement fonctionne. Carla était très disponible tout au long du séjour et nous a envoyé un email avec plein dadresses de restos tous très bons. Lappartement est très bien situé, on peut tout faire à pieds :).   Merci Carla pour cet agréable moment à NYC. Carla fue una anfitriona perfecta. Desde antes de llegar estuvo resolviendo todas nuestras dudas y dándonos soluciones. Un vez allí siempre estuvo pendiente de nuestras necesidades y nos facilitó información sobre los sitios que visitar por el barrio. El apartamento pese a ser antiguo y no tener ascensor está decorado de una forma muy agradable y acogedora. La ubicación es excelente para no estar metido en todo el ruido del centro y poder descansar, pero sin alejarse del centro de Manhattan. El barrio es muy agradable, tiene muchos restaurantes que conocer y mucho ambiente. Está perfectamente comunicado.  Elegir este apartamento fue sin duda un acierto  We had the best time in Carlas apartment. It is super well located, close to subway stations and a quick walk from SoHo. The street is pleasant and the apartment itself is spacious (has a great closet as well). As mentioned by other guests, the apartment is 5 floors up but Carla was sweet enough to help us with our (huge) suitcases and it really wasnt an issue going up and down during our stay. The apartment has a lot of personality as well, which we liked a lot. It really is peaceful, away from all the chaos of the city even though it is located in the heart of East Village. WiFi also worked perfectly! The building is old so occasionally there are noises coming from the heating system. Carla was so nice to let us check in early and check out later due to our crazy flight schedules. Overall, we had a great experience - amazing location, authentic New Yorker vibe and an approachable host.  Thanks Carla! Carla was the prefect host, waiting for us at the apartment on the first day, sharing info & tips during all our trip. Her appartement is peaceful, perfectly located and very comfy :) Thanks for everything, we really enjoyed our stay. I will absolutely recommend !  Carla apartment is perfectly located in the heart of East Village. The apartment itself is small and cozy and has all necesities. It was quiet, except for one night (out of five) where some locals threw a party - But hey, its New York! :) Carla was very flexible (we both arrived and left quite late) and very helpful and kind. We would definitely recommend a stay in Carlas apartment. Very nice and clean apartment in an excellent location!  Logement calme, agréable et central situé en plein coeur d East Village, quartier jeune où se concentrent un grand nombre de bars et de bons restaurants. Carla nous a très bien accueillis et  avait préparé de bonnes adresses à notre intention. Elle a été très disponible tout au long de notre séjour en cas de besoin et la remise des clés a été très facile. Une bonne adresse  très centrale ! Il faut juste savoir quil ny a pas dascenseur et que les escaliers sont assez raides mais cela ne nous a pas gêné.  The host, apartment and neighborhood were great! Carla waited for us in the apartment when we arrived late and suggested restaurants and places to visit. The apartment was clean and felt spacious. Would rent Carlas apartment again when visiting NYC! Carla was very welcoming and made us feel right at home. She provided us with loads of information regarding orientation, transport and restaurants in the area, which was all very valuable. Carla provided us with a lot of added extras in the apartment which made our first day and the remaining days easier to manage. The location in the East Village is very central, close to everything. We could also walk to Little Italy and SOHO easily. Close to pubs, restaurants and transport. We were incredibly happy with the entire experience. I have no hesitation in recommending Carlas place to anyone looking for good value for money in NYC and getting more than you expect. Thank you Carla. Das Appartement ist nahezu genau so, wie man es auf den Fotos sieht: klein und einfach aber nett eingerichtet. Die Fenster sind zum Innenhof ausgerichtet. Der Vorteil: nachts ist es größtenteils sehr ruhig, der Nachteil: man hat nahezu keinen Blick und ist etwas abgeschirmt vom Geschehen. Hervorzuheben ist, dass die kleine Küche sehr gut ausgestattet ist und für diejenigen, die gerne mal kochen sehr gute Möglichkeiten bietet. Rund um das Appartement gibt es viele Möglichkeiten auszugehen und viele interessante Stadtteile sind zu Fuß oder mit dem Fahrrad bestens zu erreichen.  Très bon accueil par Carla avec une multitude de petites adresses très sympathiques à découvrir dans ce beau quartier bien vivant. Lappartement fait un parfait pied à terre à New York. Un très bon séjour, merci !  Great location and spacious for NYC! lots of sunlight. Super quartier, bon point de départ pour visiter le nord et le sud, calme dans lappart, plein de resto et bar très sympa, loin des foules de time square, des pistes cyclables partout en ville idéal, pour se promener, merci à Carla pour son accueil et sa confiance. Carlas place is in an ideal location for access to the hip and happening East Village and surrounding areas. A safe and clean apartment. Carla was very helpful and provided lots of great tips and suggestions. Exactly as described; clean, comfortable & amazing location!! Carla is easy to communicate with & provided us with great ideas on local restaurants etc as well as answering any questions we had. We loved staying at Carlas home & will definitely visit again in the future! Great stay all around! Really nice appartement in Soho. Perfect for a New York Sightseeing Trip. Great place thats relatively ""big"" for a NY apartment. Fast Internet, great little kitchen, comfortable bed, and awesome water pressure in shower. Plus easy to walk/bike/transit anywhere you need to go. Carla ist eine ganz wunderbare Gastgeberin. Wir hatten alles was wir brauchten. Wir würden jederzeit wieder bei ihr einchecken! Very cosy & comfortable apartment in a great part of the city - lots of great bars, restaurants and local NY life on the doorstep. Carla was a very friendly host with lots of good local tips. All round great experience ! Great place. The neighborhood is nice and has a lot of good restaurants. The communication with Carla was good, she responds really quickly. I would definetely stay here again! The host canceled this reservation 105 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Cps apartment is really great and fits the description in the profile. It is clean, cosy and perfectly located to explore NYC. The neighborhood is vibrant and the apartment is walking distance to many bars, cafes and restaurants. Cp is a very helpful and responsive host. I was taking some classes in Lower Manhattan and I couldn’t have asked for a better location to stay than Carla’s place. I arrived late but that was no problem at all. She not only waited around till almost midnight to meet me but, upon my arrival, she sent me an amazing list of restaurants and other things to check out. Carla was super friendly and communicative for the entire stay. The place is in an excellent location and I was able to travel all over both Manhattan and Brooklyn with ease. There are excellent restaurants right out the door–many of them. The building is old and a bit worn, but I loved it. Despite small amounts of funkiness to the building, I would stay there again for sure. I’ve stayed in some weird NY apartments but this is not one of them. The place feels spacious for a Manhattan apartment and I liked the layout. Definitely good for a couple. I stayed a week but could have stayed longer."	1
271	"Of all my airbnb stays so far,  this has been my favorite.  Checking in and out was easy.  The pictures do the place no justice as I believe the place looked better than the pictures shown. Plus they provided some groceries too!!  In addition,  I did my best cleaning up before checking out but missed a few things.  Ally &  Sean were so professional and helpful with this as they  brought this to my attention and took care of it.  This might seem like nothing but in a world where everyone looks out for themselves,  this shows that the hosts here are not only super hosts but caring ones.   I hope my lack in cleaning capabilities wouldnt allow me back to this listing as I certainly will come back!!   Thank you Ally & Sean for being amazing hosts!   Enjoyed our stay! Amazing spot!! The photos are extremely accurate and set our expectations accurately prior to arrival. The apartment is very clean and tidy, and has clearly been renovated a short time ago. Only a couple of blocks away from the subway makes it a convenient location for getting to and from the city/airport. The snacks and drinks were a nice plus to enjoy upon our arrival. According to the locals, this part of town is a little on the less friendly side but we had zero issues when chatting with the people around the neighborhood when walking to and from the apartment. Highly recommended and great value - especially considering this spot has both two bedrooms and two bathrooms, which makes it perfect for traveling with a coworker.  Ally is a very nice person.Her apartment is clean and bright,well equipmented,I would like to stay next time. O espaço é exatamente como é anunciado, as fotos são reais e é tudo muito confortável. Fica muito próximo ã estação Raph da linha C do metro, tem farmácias e mercadinhos por perto. Tem toda a infraestrutura para cozinhar e passar bons momentos em família. A atenção da Ally é fenomenal, ela sempre está disposta a ajudar e responde rapidamente qualquer contato feito.  Recomendado.  I would recommend Ally and her Brooklyn flat for a family stay in Brooklyn. Close to the subway and a quiet neighborhood. Very nice and cosy apartment. We enjoyed our (Email hidden by Airbnb) munication was good and it was very clean and easy to reach. We were only concerned about the overall security in the neighbourhood because people are very unfriendly, always shouting and cars are honking loud during the night. Les photos représentent exactement lappartement, proximité avec commerces et transports en commun, vie de cartier typiquement américain. Communication avec Ally sans problème. Tout à été parfait We have spent a lovely week in Allys appartment in Brooklyn. The photos on AirBnB  are very accurate: what you see is what you get! Communication with Ally is very easy and with quick response (weve used (Hidden by Airbnb) ). The Internet and WiFi access are both perfect, four devices at the same time connected with great performance. The Amazon Fire TV in Abbys appartment gives you access to many other services, such as NetFlix, HBO GO.  The subway C-line station Ralph Ave is just a 5 minute walk. The neighbourhood is very friendly and helpful and makes you feel welcome.  This appartment is real value for money. I would recommend it both private as business. It was the first time for my family experienced airbnb and they were all highly positive surprised. All the rooms so lovely furnished exactly like the description. The apartment was easily big enough for the five of us. Ally was from the beginning very kind and helpful, even when it came to the ESTA application, she made us feel like its our apartment. And dont worry about forgetting stuff at the apartment when leaving. I forgot my watch there and Ally supported me to get it back. Thanks Ally, it was a good start to our next leg. Allys is tucked away within a brooklyn neighborhood providing you the experience to be apart of the pulsating life of New York.   Located on the second floor, the apartment  opens to a 2 bedroom apartment with the kitchen off set to the left of the small receiving area - a plastic mat is placed for your shoes to be placed.  There are two bathrooms: one attached go the master bedroom and the other to the right of the kitchen and the behind the dining / living room. Both bathrooms are beautifully remolded to offer the tub/shower in the event you are coming to the city to relax and need a beautiful bathroom to pamper yourself in. Which brings me to her bedrooms.  Allys bedrooms were beautifully decorated; both beds sumptuously decorated and black out curtains which made it easy to relax into a restful stay.  As far as location it was very convenient as access to the Subway, delis /groceries, fruit stands and more!  Overall Ally was a wonderful host. She made the process easy and communication thorough. If you have an opportunity to stay at her place, i definitely recommend it!   Vše bylo v pořádku . Apartmán i místo odpovídá popisu. Lappartement est bien agencé, nous étions 2 couples , spacieux et lumineux ,lextérieur bruyant  et pas de climatisation  La station de métro la plus proche est Ralph avenue avec la ligne À et C à 4 mn à pied ,difficulté de stationnement si véhicule  Superbe appartement très confortable - bonne situation proche métro C. - supermarché  à 10 mn à pieds. pour viande et légumes de belle qualité Avons apprécié  Allys place is great! Its spacious and tasteful inside. The pics are a good representation of the space. Lots of closet and dresser space. Finding a two bedroom / two bathroom apartment is tough to find in NYC, let alone one this nice and roomy. I traveled from the California to meet a friend from England. We were each adjusting to the time difference form opposite directions and Allys place was particularly helpful in providing shared space and each of us our own space when we needed to rest at differing times. Ally friendly is very responsive. This place is an easy walk (a couple blocks) from the Ralph stations A & C subway lines. Making it really easy to get around without a car. the neighbors I met were warm and friendly. Ill admit I was a bit nervous walking home from the station after dark but it was very easy to take Uber or Lyft in those situations. When I did have a car rental, off-street, gated parking is a nice option. We enjoyed easy access to Bed-Stuy. I recommend Besos for drinks and food. Peaches has great Southern food. Roccos delivered authentic NY Pizza and pasta. Also took a quick train ride to eat at Locanda Vini e Oliis... AMAZING Northern Italian fare. I highly recommend Allys place! Ill be back! It was great to come back to a quiet, cool, well decorated home after a long day. Ally took care of all our needs and was quick to answer any questions. Highly recommend and would stay again if we make it back to NYC. Great place, and lovely neighborhood ! Ally was very quick to answer any questions. The flat is beautiful, secure, private, well maintained, exactly as advertised. I strongly recommend.  Ally has a beautiful, clean and comfortable place. Very spacious and plenty of room for 2 couples. Ally is great about communicating and very responsive. We enjoyed our stay! Ally was a great hostess and communicator. We needed some extra linens and she promptly made arrangements to get them for us. The apartment was very comfortable for our party of 5. Very pleasant appartment, 5 mn walking distance to the subway. 30 mn by train to downtown Manhattan and JFK airport. Perfect location and price OK. We really enjoyed our stay. Everything great, Ally was always available for our requests, the apartment was really nice (although we had to change the apartment in the last minute cause the one we reserved had a plumbing problem. But Ally offered us an other one in the same building) The appartment is 2 blocks from the Subway (great), but then with the subway it takes at least 30 min. to arrive to Manhattan. But if youre with time, its a great option TIP: Two blocks away there is a ""Amazon-Locker Pick up"", so you can buy in Amazon and then pick the things up (since the appartment has no doorman, its a great way to receive the purchases for sure...) Very recomendable! Boligen var fin og flinke naboer. Vi savnede restauranter og byliv i nærheden. Beregn min. 30. Min transport ind til Manhattan. We cancelled our stay with Ally after spending the first night of our 5 night stay as there were housekeeping issues & pest control issues. The  location of this apartment is not ideal in terms of the neighbourhood. Great Stay! Ally is awesome. Ac units were taken out the week before we arrived and it was in the 80s when we arrived and during our stay. May want to ask Ally for extra fans. Fantastic value and and the apartment itself is so pretty and nice. Would stay again! The place is very clean and beautiful. It is exactly like in the pictures. For those is a light sleeper, bring along ear plug. We can hear footseps from the top floor and sometimes noise from outside of the house. Its about 10min of walk to Ralph subway and 30min to downtown Mahattan. Its not really safe for ladies to go back at night(after 9pm). We saw a fight broke up and led to shooting when we were walking back towards the house. Less than 5min, the police came to the scene. A very stylish, clean, spacious and well equipped apartment. We were also grateful for the extra groceries that Ally provided at the start.  Thank you for a lovely week. We loved the beautifully decorated meditation room downstairs. R and P Hemphill - UK SI QUIERES VIVIR NY COMO UN VERDADERO NEW YORKINO DEL BARRIO DE BROOKLYN ESTA ES UNA GRAN OPCION PARA VER LA OTRA PARTE DE LA CIUDAD CON SEGURIDAD BUENA COMUNICACIÓN CON EL METRO Y VER QUE NY ES MUCHO MAS QUE LOS RASCA CIELOS. Ally’s place is a good value for the money. Nice place to stay in NY - very convenient location and lovely apartement Me and my two kids stayed here for one month and we enjoyed the apartment. It was like home away from home."	1
272	"Sam and his wife were super friendly, flexible and great at communicating with us. Their apartment is in a good location that is near to public transportation and an easy walk to lots of good food, bars and galleries. The train runs overhead and can be noisy, but we were able to sleep without any trouble. For folks that might be sensitive to loud noises, this might not be the best place for you. Their listing mentions that this place is their home, but we had the sense that its used solely for airbnb rental and does not have a lot of the care + items a lived in place would have (cooking supplies, etc). The bedding was super nice, but the apartment is sparse and not super clean. This is a great place for a large group of people who are coming to spend most of their time out of the apartment-- not ideal for a family or person looking for a quiet, cozy place.  Great apartment! Very convenient and the host is AMAZING! Would definitely revisit this location! Sam is quick to answer any question or concern, and the place is very much like described. the location is very good! and you can contact Sam easily! Great place to stay! Very good communication with owners and everything was exactly how I expected it to be. Didnt mind the train noises (train is nearby). Im so happy & I cant wait to come back!! GR8 place !!!! Sams apartment was the perfect size for what we needed it for which was just a place to keep our stuff, sleep and shower. With this being my second time visiting NY, I wanted to stay closer to the city but still in Brooklyn. It is very close to the M train and it never took us longer than 25 - 30 min to get into the city. Since it is so close to the train, it does get a bit loud but it didnt bother us at all. If youre a light sleeper, this is not the place for you. Since we made our reservation, Sam was very easy to contact and was quick to respond. Overall, our stay was great and I would recommend this to anyone with a group of people traveling together. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. We would like to thank Sam and his wife for an amazing first AIRBNB experience! We enjoyed our stay. Thank you for being such a cool host. :)  The apartment is close to subway and to many small shops and restaurants. We definitely enjoyed going to all the places Sam recommended, too.  Its a perfect place for young ""backpackers"" like us!! Although the place isnt central, it takes about 15-20 minutes to get into Manhattan   Would definitely recommend this airbnb!!!   Location is excellent. Very close to transit and plenty of cool bars/restaurants within a short walk.  HIGHLY recommend bringing some earplugs as the train is very loud. The description mentions that they will be provided, but we did not find any.  Sam is great with responding quickly to any questions. However, we arrived to a particularly hot day and he offered to bring fans the following day, which we thought was very kind, but we never received the fans. This mainly affected sleeping as the bedrooms were very hot.  Lastly, the unit wasnt very clean. The beds and sheets were fine, as were the towels provided. However, there was plenty of dust/garbage underneath the furniture (we didnt have to search for it; it was in plain sight when relaxing in the living room), and the bathrooms were not cleaned very well (especially the upstairs bathrooms shower). Kind of annoying that we had to pay a cleaning fee for a unit that wasnt cleaned very well.  Overall, I think the place is good value. You get 2 separate bedrooms and bathrooms for less than most other places we found and the location is pretty great, plus we werent there all that much. Nice place for just crashing. We spend about 8 hours total there, 7 of which were sleeping. It was perfect for our quick trip.  The apartment was as you see in the picture. It is a spacey apartment but it doesnt look like anyone lives there or its in the process of being remodeled. It wasnt the cleanest condition but we had access to a broom and vacuum. It was a good place for a one night stay but Im not sure I would stay there longer. It was near a train and a few buses. Lots of restaurants near by. The building was a bit unsettling as the stairs outside the apartment was covered in dirt and dust and it looked like someone had painted over the words ""leave now"" on the corridor walls.  The host canceled this reservation 9 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Sams place is great! If youre looking to explore Brooklyn and need a good base of operations at which to rest up and regroup, this is the spot.  Exactly as described, very spacious and easily sleeps a lot of people. They even left us two huge air mattresses to make use of if needed. Apartment in a good location and close to public transport but in need of modernisation Bad !! Very bad !! Dirty !! I am very disappointed !!! Its in a great area , close to the train and plenty spots to eat . Sam also make sure we have we have what we needed. House wasnt that appealing. Lights , toilet seat and upstairs air conditioner didnt work , down stairs shower rod was broken . But over all enjoyed the stay This was the perfect place for a group with lots of sleeping space and a surpsingly calm and quiet neihborhood.  Easy to get to with public transportation and very easy check in and check out. Sam is a wonderful host. He is prompt with his responses and super helpful. The neighborhood is a bit shady, but the house is considerably in a convenient location (i.e. supermarket & train nearby). Overall my friends and I enjoyed our stay! A lot of positive remarks can be made on Sams apt. It is indeed a cheap place to stay, which was our main reason for booking the place, it is nicely located in Bushwick, the apt is very spacious, and Sam is very friendly and easy to communicate with. We didnt experience any noise as the M train isnt running for the rest of 2017.   When booking something as cheap as Sams apt you cant expect luxury, and we absolutely didnt have high expectations either. However, some things need to be in place regardless of the price you pay, and we found the following to be far from satisfying: - The aircondition in the livingroom was poorly installed, which meant a substantial flow of air came into the living room right by the couch, where one of us were so unfortunate to be sleeping. With temperatures down to 0 degrees (32 degrees fahrenheit) that was very unfortunate. Even more so when noticing that only two covers were available in the apt, which meant one of us had to sleep with a dusty blanket. We contacted Sam half way through our 10 day stay, who very kindly agreed to fix it, but with one night remaining where it still hadnt been fixed we gave up.  - The heat wasnt working in the apt at all, which is kind of unacceptable. Sam tried to fix it, but it didnt help sadly. - The apt was not clean at all when we got there with dust and dirt under all beds and couches, and basically in all corners and in bathrooms as well. We thus requested our cleaning fee to be refunded. - The legs under the bed in the downstairs bedroom were not attached to the bed, which made the bed extremely unstable, and the bed broke down under my friend, who weights no more than 110 lbs, approximately 5-6 times during our stay. - The kitchen doesnt really have plates or cutlery. However, we didnt eat in the apt at all, so it wasnt a big obstacle for us.   All in all, we would book the apt again if Sam fixes the heat and takes care of the aircondition. Very nice space and good location We encountered a few issues during our stay however, Sam did his best to care for these issues. Overall, the place isnt sparkling clean, however its clean enough that you can sleep and watch some television. The space isnt as big as the pictures make it seem however its still manageable. Theres many areas around where you can find something to eat, from pizzerias to Chinese food spots. In terms of communication, Sam is awesome. He even replied to my call at 3 in the morning about the power going out. I think bottom line is this, you get what you pay for. Its hard to find places this cheap which allow the amenities Sam does, however its fair to say theres much nicer places out there for a little more money. Pick your poison."	0
273	"This oasis in the city is a good find.  Its location is nice and central on 57th street off 1st ave and Jada made sure we had all the necessary information to find our way around the neighborhood.  The building was recently renovated so it was in pristine condition!  Though there was some difficulty getting the radiators to warm up in our flat, this time of year it was not a major issue and Im sure it will have been figured out by now (I blame it on the recent renovation).  Jada and her onsite representative were very responsive to all our requests and needs.  I would definitely look at staying here again and recommend it to others! The reservation was canceled 181 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Stayed at this beautiful apartment recently, first week ok May. We were two couples sharing the space and it was absolutely perfect. The pictures are accurate, it is a truly wonderful accommodation and the location is fantastic, within a short walk of Central Park, Time Square, Fifth Avenue shopping, and a few blocks away from the subway. The hosts were fantastic, and always available for questions and to make sure we were enjoying our stay. We would definitely return to this location when visiting New York City again!!  Jada`s apartment was all what you see in the advertisement. Everything was cute, it was very clean and was very well located. This apartment was everything the host said it would be. Very nice place in a wonderful area in the upper east side. It is close to everywhere we wanted to go. We walked to Central Park, Times Square, and high end shopping. We even walked back from seeing a Broadway show! We will definitely stay here again. Lappartement était tel quannoncé. Bien que lespace commun soit restreint, les chambres sont grandes, les lits très confortables et les salles de bain très propres. Lappartement est très bien situé, près de la plupart des services (restaurants, épicerie, pharmacie, stationnement, boutiques). I had a great 2 day stay at Jadas apartment in NYC! Everything was very clean, well supplied and super comfortable. The beds were amazingly comfortable!! Location cant be beat, with easy access to all midtown Manhattan has to offer. Jada was extremely responsive and very clear with all communications, and getting into the apartment was a breeze, even with a very late night checkin. Also appreciated the coffee machine and microwave... Will definitely stay again the next time I am in New York. My husband our four teenage children and I stayed in Jadas apartment for four nights. It was spotlessly clean with comfortable beds, nice bathrooms and plenty of towels. Location is good and just a few minutes walk to the subway. It was probably a bit small for 6 of us. It is more suitable for 4 or 5 people.  The listing description was right on. The apartment is exactly as you see- all on one floor. Its tight, but works for a quick stay in Manhattan! The kitchen consists of a mini fridge, coffee maker and microwave on a table against the window. The bedding was very comfortable! The unit does have AC, and one of the bedrooms tends to get fairly warm, depending on the time of day/year when the sun is coming in. That room is also fairly loud from the street noise below- but hey, thats New York! Beyond that, the place was extremely clean and well prepped for our stay. The hosts were very friendly, accommodating and pleasant! We would LOVE to stay again! We had a great time. Loved meeting Linda and she was a most gracious hostess.  Perfect NYC apt. in a terrific neighborhood which was convenient to subways, busses, parking lots, convenience stores, shopping, etc.  Was met by very friendly and professional apt. manager who provided us with 2 sets of keys and tips about the area. Terrific respite to return to at days end! Léchange de mail a été fourni et nous étions bien informés des conditions.  Lappartement était bien situé, accueillant, clair et parfaitement propre.  Le seul problème a été le bruit fait par le voisinage:  - Lappartement loué communique avec létage inférieur par un escalier, qui a été condamné. Cependant la cloison est très légère, on voit de la lumière et on entend les conversations. De plus, lhabitant du lieu allume la lumière de la cour vers 3h du matin pour arroser ses plantes dans la cour. Comme la chambre qui donne sur la cour na pas de rideaux, cétait très gênant.  - Lappartement situé au-dessus était également habité par des personnes bruyantes, qui le samedi soir on chahuté jusquà 4h du matin. Useful midtown location with supermarkets, restaurants and subway close by.  We did not sadly meet either Jada or the on-site manager but Jadas daughter met us on arrival and was v helpful over an air conditioner in one bedroom that didnt work.  Be warned that there are 3 steep flights of stairs to climb to the apartment.  Comfortable beds with quality linen but the bathroom for the second bedroom is VERY small indeed.  Good base for one couple on their own or with 1/2  children but restricted space makes it difficult for 4 adults.   Some noise from upstairs late at night.  Just as described.  Simply decorated,  very clean and great communication with owner.  Wonderful location, easy walk-up and  friendly neighbors ...  Just what we had hoped for.  Thanks Jada!  We had an absolutely wonderful stay.  The apartment was exactly as described.  The beds were very comfortable and the space was perfect for our long weekend.  The little details, i.e. ironing board, tourist info and umbrellas!, were appreciated.  The location and neighbourhood are great and we would definitely recommend Jadas place to our friends. My wife and I plus our daughter and son-in-law recently said for 5 nights in Jadas apartment. A wonderful location however large is perhaps an over statement (unless in NY) - whilst the bedrooms are roomy the beds while comfortable are no more than doubles, the sitting room space is in what would be normally be a corridor and the second bathroom tiny. One of the house rules is to take shoes off to avoid sound transference to the apartment below. Living in an apartment myself I applaud this, its a shame that the people upstairs dont do the same. The noise level on 2 of our 5 days, Friday and Saturday, from the upstairs apartment(s) was diabolical until around 0300 in the morning. (They had a Halloween party on the Saturday night which made for a lot more stairway and footfall noise plus loud voices and music until very late, which obviously wont happen every Saturday.)   However as I said  earlier the location is great and the apartment is handy to shops, restaurants and most attractions in NY.   Im Voraus sehr freundlicher Austausch über Mail mit Jada Cohen. Insofern war die Vorfreude auf das Appartment und New York sehr groß. Wir sind nicht enttäuscht worden. Für 4 Personen (2 Paare) schönes, sehr sauberes Appartement mit 2 Schlafzimmern und angegliederten Bädern. Verbunden sind diese Zimmer durch einen flurähnlichen Aufenthaltsraum, in dem ein Sofa für 2 Personen steht, ein Hochtisch mit 3 Stühlen und eine schmale Sitzbank für 2 Personen. Weiterhin gibt es einen kleinen Kühlschrank unter einem Beistelltisch, eine Kaffeemaschine und eine Mikrowelle. Mit dem wenigen Besteck und Geschirr kann man sich ein nettes kleines Frühstück im Appartment zaubern. Das haben wir  morgens sehr genossen, trotz der kleinen Kompromisse. Gespült wird im Badezimmer. Dinner oder Lunch haben wir immer ""irgendwo in New York "" eingenommen, was für uns in Ordnung war, da wir sowieso den ganzen Tag in dieser wahnsinnigen Stadt unterwegs waren. Das Appartment ist gut gelegen, fußläufig sind der Central Park, MoMA, Rockefeller Center, Times Square, Bryant Park, Empire State Building und die 5th Avenue zu erreichen - und auch der wahnsinnige Apple Store, wenns denn gewünscht wird. In der Umgebung des Appartments kann man nette kleine Straßen entdecken, wie nördlich von der 60th Richtung Central Park oder den netten kleinen Sutton Place mit Blick auf den East River (etwas für Woody Allan- Fans, Drehort im Film ""Manhatten""). Wir waren aber auch eine lauffreudige Gruppe und haben es genossen die Stadt zu Fuß zu entdecken. Und wenn man einen gemütlicheren Tag plant ist der Subway-Zugang an der Lexington Avenue gut zu erreichen mit einer idealen Ubahn- Linie. Gute Einkausmöglichkeiten für Lebensmittel mit großer Auswahl und mit vorgefertigten Gerichten direkt in der Nähe (Whole Foods Market oder Food Emporium). New York ist eine quirlige, laute Stadt - auch zur Nacht, so dass meine Frau zum schlafen gerne Ohrstöpsel verwendet hat.   Sehr gute Betten! (Boxspring) und gut funktionierende Air Condition. Insgesamt haben wir es genossen in dem Appartment uns ausruhen und erholen zu können. Wir möchten gerne noch einmal nach NY zurückkommen und dort wieder wohnen. Arranging the stay was very easy. Jada and the onsite manager were very accommodating. When arrival was earlier than expected, bags were allowed to be dropped off so didnt have to carry them to the restaurant, while the make-ready was still in progress.  The location and price were excellent with good amenities close by, and walking distance to Central Park.    The size of apartment was pretty small - but probably typical of New York. Sitting area was not very conducive to hanging out for relaxed conversation after an outing and the walls are definitely thin (sound transfer), but the bedrooms and bathrooms were great.  Overall, the apartment was very nice and worked for the few days needed to attend a conference and business meetings. Out staying was perfect . The place was really lovely, really clean and beUtifull with fair space and comfortable beds just what we needed we could walk to almost every place we wanted to see because the ubicacion was perfect. And on top of that downstairs we had Bella Roma and it was one of the best pizza Ive ever tried. thankyou for everything Jada !  Recomendo para todos que procuram um apartamento novo, confortável limpo! A localização é muito boa e próximo de muitos restaurantes, farmácias e mercados. O bairro é muito tranquilo (Afastado do barulho e badalação da Times Square) e seguro. O apartamento é exatamente como nas fotos! Novo, limpo, confortável e a anfitriã disponibiliza produtos de primeira qualidade para cama e banho. Jada sempre foi muito atenciosa conosco e sempre procurava saber se estávamos confortáveis ou precisando de algo. Resumindo, indico para todos e com certeza voltarei a me hospedar neste apartamento! Jada was a wonderful hostess.   Checkin went smooth.  The neighborhood is fabulous!  And the apt is absolutely perfect!!!!    Highly recommend!!!!     Jada was very accommodating and Patient when it came to a late check in and Check Out. We were not too sure on the exact time we would be arriving as we were driving into New York, however we kept in contact throughout the day and it all went smoothly.   The apartment itself was lovely. Great Location and just the right size for us 4 adults.   For the busy week we were there (over New Years), being just outside he centre was perfect. Only a couple of subway stops to Time square and an easy walk to Central Park  We would definitely choose to stay here again on our next visit.  Jadas place was great.  The apartment was immaculate and perfect for a fun stay in the city.   The location made it more convenient to get around as its away from the mid-town hotel craziness.  I got 3 great nights of sleep and relaxed each evening.  It was also a great launching place for coming into, or heading out of the city to LaGuardia or JFK.  Thanks Jada.  I hope to be back again!   Jadas apartment was really nice, and everything was done for us to feel confortable. Thank you very much Jada !  The apartment was a little small for five people. In the description of the apartment you see that you have space for six people but actually you have only 2 bedroom and one sofa-bed in a ver small living room.  In the other hand, the two bedrooms are very big and confortable. The situation of the apartment is very good, you are 10 minute walking from central park. Jada was all the time worry about us, and she allways gave us a solution for any issue. Jada was great, last minute for us to book and all was as detailed.  Thanks for renting to us, the location was nice, and the local restaurants and amenities were wonderful. Our host, Jada, was very welcoming and helpful in her communications both before and during our stay.  Check-in and check-out were quite easy and straightforward and the actual apartment itself was very comfortable and had great amenities.  My only criticism of this listing is while I was searching for suitable listings in NYC, AirBNB shows the location of the apartment as being very close to the 59th Street and 5th Avenue ie. very close to Central Park, when in reality its quite a few blocks east of that location, past 1st Avenue to be exact.  Im not sure if this is a quirk of how airbnb does their listings or the location itself is erroneously specified, but Im sure that this information will be of prime concern for other users of airbnb looking for a place to stay in NYC. Jada was a wonderful host. She was very accommodating, always available to answer questions and make suggestions. The apartment was very clean and is perfect for four people but a little small for five.  The bedrooms are large and the beds are extremely comfortable. The kitchen is not what I expected in that its a very small area with a refrigerator,  toaster and coffee pot; but we made it work. The apartment is in a great location.  Its very close to 5th Avenue shopping  and Central Park and just a short taxi or subway ride downtown. We enjoyed our weekend in New York and cant wait to return.  Thank you, Jada. C. Jada is a wonderful host and very helpful in her communication. The apartment is lovely, a great location in midtown east. we all had a great time.  Thank you Jada!  Jada was great to rent with!  Answered all of my emails quickly and was very accommodating.  The apartment was clean and exactly as advertised.  Neighborhood was perfect! My family and me felt very welcomed; Even though we never see her, Jada was very nice to let us in her apt. The description was accurate; it was perfectly well located, close to the main central attractions, in a very safe neighborhood, but still a little noisy.   Positive points  - Apartment well located in Upper East Side, near Central Park and other attractions in New York as Rockefeller Center, Times Square, etc. You can go there walking or by subway two or three stops.  - The photos correspond to the apartment, is clean and maintained and is ideal for four people.  - We received from Jada, few days before arrival, complete instructions on how to reach the apartment and rules to follow inside.  - Despite of the two hours delay of our flight was no problem with Jada for check-in later than agreed and the manager waited for us.  - Our return flight was at 6:00 pm and although we had to check out at 11:00 am, according to the rules of the apartment, but paying 100 usd could leave our luggage to a neighbor and we continue visiting NY the time we had there.    Negative points  - Apartment quite noisy.  The front room cause of the traffic and horns (until 0:00 am) and back room by the steady hum of the air conditioning of the building next door.  - Even when the apt. is well placed the real location is at the east of the circle shown on Airbnb. We really enjoyed staying at Jadas apartment.  Both bedrooms had sufficient room.  Jada was nice enough to provide a twin sized air mattress for one of our children.  Check-in and departure were very easy.  I would definitely recommend this apartment to anyone desiring the experience of being a NYC resident.   Our experience was fantastic. Came in and spent 3 nights for work. Jadas place is close to a lot of shopping and restaurants and a short walk to Central Park. The apartment was comfortable and exactly what we needed. The product well correspond to what the airbnb website decsrib Jada was very prompt to all our emails. The listing is accurate. The apartment was clean when we arrived and there was someone to meet us and let us in. The apartment  has 2 bathrooms and 2 bed rooms and a sofabed. We were 6 in our party and everyone  felt very comfortable.  The apartment is beautiful and well located. We had a great time 1 - Jada is not flexible as you would expect when you spend almost USD 4k for a week (i.e. wanted to discuss because we left 20 minutes after the time agreed).  2 - The apartment is not close to Central Park. Its at least a 25 minute walk.  3 - The fact that there is no kitchen or sink in the apartment is a bigger problem than we expected when booked. Washing silverware in the restroom is a problem.  4 - The bedrooms are good and spacious.  5 - The rest of the apartment is really small. It feels like a corridor.  6 - The building has no elevator. It was a problem for us. Jada was not there to welcome us as we arrived really late. Andrew was there to show us around - it was all very easy. The location is great if you are wanting to see the sights of New York. Take some ear plugs if you get the funky & spacious front bedroom. Its noisy but what do you expect form the city that never sleeps? The back bedroom is quiet & roomy too. Both bathrooms are great. This apartment worked really well for us as we were showing my mother the sights for the first time. Thank you Jada. Exactly as expected! Great spot, awesome place, super comfortable. Jada even made arrangements for me to check-in late after my afternoon flight. Highly recommend! The location was great and for the most part what you see in pictures is what you get, but here are some pros and cons...  Pros: -Location, situated near main tourist areas (20ish min walk to Times Square) -bedrooms good size -beds were comfy -clean bed sheets -AC  Cons: -actual size of unit is small -washroom located in bedroom had a VERY small sink, as an adult you cannot wash your face without getting water on the floor -mini fridge does not have ice (a bit annoying having to buy some all the time)  -no sink around fridge area (annoying having to go to washroom to dump something out or wash something) -some of the pillow cases were dirty -area rugs were not vacuumed  -the hallway area as a sitting area is too small  -listing says it sleeps 6, i disagree, this apartment is meant for 4 adults   Lappartement est agréable, les chambres sont grandes.  Néanmoins le prix est exorbitant par rapport aux prestations. Nous avons eu la mauvaise surprise de constater à larrivée quil ny avait pas de cuisine, il est interdit dy cuisiner; nous devions faire la vaisselle de notre petit déjeuner dans une bassine!  Laccueil était bizarre, nous navons jamais vu Jada en personne.   Nous avons demandé à pouvoir laisser nos valises dans un petit coin le dernier jour.  Moyennant 100$ laissées en cash sur la table, on nous a proposé de garder nos valises puis de les laisser abandonnées à une heure précise   dans la cage descalier...pas vraiment lesprit Airbnb...dommage... We had an excellent experience at Jadas! We enjoyed the quiet that the space allowed. The apartments bedrooms are spaced out in such a way that allows for extreme privacy. We had everything that we needed already provided in the apartment for us - linens and all. Next time we need a space like this in NYC we will certainly be staying at Jadas! Jada and her friend Katy were very kind in explaining all the details of the accommodation to me. This was a clean and safe space so perfectly located and with perfect privacy and all the things we needed.  A huge relief.  Jadas apartment was wonderful. The location could not have been better as our plans included a couple of shows, some fine dining, shopping and seeing the 9/11 memorial. Subway stations are within a couple of blocks and 2nd Ave on the corner is a major thoroughfare so its easy to catch a cab.  We had a wonderful time and were very comfortable, thanks Jada. Our stay in the apartment was lovely. Everything was exactly as explained by Jada in the listing, and she was very responsive to any questions. Apartment was clean and just right for the 5 adults we had staying there.  Nuestra estancia en el apartamento de Jada estuvo muy bien. La casa está bien situada, y lo que ves en las fotos se corresponde con la realidad. Sí hay que criticar que la situación no se corresponde con la zona indicada en el mapa, ya que la casa se encuentra al Este del círculo que aparece en el mapa.  Fue una bonita experiencia, y la relación con Jada fue fluida y ágil. Los dormitorios son grandes y las camas confortables, y la limpieza es correcta.   El único problema fue que, debido a un retraso en el aeropuerto y un gran atasco para llegar a Manhattan, llegamos tarde al apartamento, y Jada nos pidió que pagásemos 50$ adicionales por las dos horas de retraso conforme a nuestra hora prevista de llegada. Teniendo en cuenta la probabilidad de un retraso en tu llegada a la ciudad desde el aeropuerto (esto es New York y el tráfico es siempre un problema), opino que la anfitriona debería ser más flexible, o advertir de antemano que exigirá un pago adicional por el retraso. En nuestro caso, al menos, no nos lo comunicó hasta el momento en que estábamos en medio de un atasco intentando llegar al apartamento. Por lo demás, todo correcto. Perfecto para dos parejas que viajan para hacer turismo y no quieren cocinar en casa. It was great. We had a nice stay at Jadas flat. It is like the description. The front bedroom is very very loud.  The place was wonderful! The only regret was that the living room was tiny and there was no kitchen. The host is great and reply you very fast. Overall, Ill recommend this place if you do not have a party over 4 people. Jada was prompt to answer questions.     The apartment is well located and quite clean.     We appreciated that we were able to delay our check in by half hour to 4:30 (However, we did find the $25 per hour charge for checking in after 4PM a little steep and would have preferred to have known that ahead of time. )    Please not it is not adequate for meals as there is only a bar fridge and microwave & coffee maker and no kitchen sink. We would have appreciated 3 spoons for our cereal breakfast.    Still, this was our best Airbnb experience in New York City. After our flight was cancelled I did inform Jada who unfortunately didnt get my messages. When we finally landed I was greeted by a message asking where we were and that we would have to pay an extra $37.50 for the manager fee. We were then not able to check in for another 7 hours, which was not great as we had had a terrible journey and at this point we had been up 24 hours. When we phoned Jada to ask if we could get in any earlier she didnt answer but did phone us back and stated that we would have to pay for her phone call. If she didnt want to deal with international guests then dont advertise for international people.     We were then let in 7 hours later to which at first seemed like an ok apartment. We went to bed straight away as so tired. My parents slept in the front room, very spacious, but very noisy. We slept in the back bedroom where we found the bed to be broken. The following morning we contacted Jada to inform her but didnt hear anything back until a number of hours later. Also upon better inspection of the apartment the microwave was dirty, the coffee machine had used coffee in, the towel rail in the back bedroom was broken. Also to note there isnt a blind in the back bathroom, not ideal when your sat on the toilet and the neighbours can see you. Someone did come round that evening to try and sort out the bed, but we decided that it still wasnt right and ended up sleeping on the mattress on the floor.  The other dirty elements of the apartment were never sorted.     Also to note I cannot see how this apartment could sleep 5 adults.  The breakfast bar only has 3 seats, and the apartment is just far too small.  Having read Jadas response to others detailing this and I can state that I live in London so understand that city apartments are small. However I dont think the apartment is advertised well.      On the plus the location is very convenient, easy to get to the subway and never an issue to get a cab.     Overall I would say that our experience with Jada was not positive. I found her to be rude, she didnt respond in a timely manner to our queries which resulted in me having to pay to contact air bnb direct, and took time out of my 4 day holiday. My parents (whom we were with) own an airbnb in London and know how their guests are treated and this was way below par. I would not recommend Jada or her apartment to anyone going to New York.  The listing is basically the way it was advertised. The location is good, and the apartment is nice, clean, and cozy, but smaller than what we anticipated based on pictures. Nonetheless, it seemed quite comfortable for 4 people. Jada was helpful with our questions through communicating via app as well as on the phone.   We did not use the appliances as we were there only for one night. The Internet worked perfectly.  The flat is in a great location, is very clean and has two spacious and lovely bedrooms, each with their own bathroom. Jada was easy to communicate with and it was very easy to check in and out. There were only two slight issues 1) We couldnt get the heating to work and so we were quite cold on a couple of nights; and 2) the upstairs neighbour woke me a few times quite late at night - it sounded as if they were stomping in the flat. Otherwise great!! Nice clean apartment in a good location. There was 2 of us staying in the apartment for 5 nights that had quite decent size bedrooms and we had our own bathrooms.  Only down side is the small living area, but in saying that if youre in New York you are going to be out and about anyway!!  Would recommend the place as well as Jada being a great host in contact throughout our stay.  What a happiness going back the NY and certainly in this nice appartment. Jada welcomed me and her smile made me comfortable and reassured me on our choice of apt. We were two to stay in her apt and it was perfect, each of us had a spacious room with bath room. The apt was clean and all coresponded to the website description. The convenience also for us was the public transport easy to access from her place and the numerous of food and drink shopping options in the neigborhood. Jada also nicely checked on us if we needed anything while we staid at her place.    This is a place I will recommend to colleagues when they go to our HQ office.   Basically nice and convenient and well decorated and equipped by carrying artist.   Jada was fantastic! Very responsive and thoroughly accommodating. Her place was as extremely clean and well kept. We enjoyed our business trip to New York and hope to return again soon! Loved Jadas apartment! It was a gorgeous apartment, great location, & exactly what we needed for our trip to the city. Very nice building, beautiful updates inside, clean, & safe. Loved that each bedroom had its own bathroom. Jada was a great host, easy to communicate with  and always replied quickly. I will personally stay here again, & would certainly recommend to others. My friends and I loved that Jadas place was in such a convenient location. We were right next to a Duane Reade, a nail salon and a pizza place and Central Park is really just a 5-10 min walk away.     The pictures shown are an accurate representation of the apartment. We also loved the decor and the pull out bed was very comfortable should you need to use it like we did.     Overall, we had a great time and I would definitely recommend Jadas place to anyone looking to stay in Midtown.    We were a returning customer to Jadas place. As wonderful of an experience as the first time. She accommodated the change in our arrival schedule, which was quite helpful. Will go again :-) Its a very comfortable apartment in a good location. Jada was very helpful and always available. Jada was a great communicator and made check in very easy. The location is perfect. Great location with easy access to multiple great restaurants.  Lovely two bedroom, in a great location (midtown) convenient to everything we wanted to do. Apartment was clean, beds comfortable, linens etc. all as promised. Take advantage of the many restaurants within walking distance vs. trying to make much  use of the ""food"" area as it has no water source/sink.  The manager was kind enough to offer to wash dishes if you left any behind.  The place is true to the pictures. Jadas apt is clean, cosy and located in a nice residential area. The subway is about a 10 mins walk and there are plenty of food places in the neighbourhood for late night cravings. Thanks Jada, we love your place. The apartment was in a great location, just a quick cab ride from the event we were going to at Cipriani.  Its great to find a space with 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms - which was good for me and my co-worker.  The unit itself is very cozy.  Theres no kitchen, not that you really need one in NY.  Jada gave detailed directions about being quiet in the apt and surrounding area.  It was great for my business trip, but wouldnt recommend for a more boisterous group. The apartment was in a great location in central Manhattan close to all amenities, restaurants and bars. There is also a wine shop right next door! The size of apartment was good for the time we were there (3 days) however 5 people is quite a squish so you want to be pretty good friends to have that amount in there comfortably! The 2 double rooms are a good size even though the living area is small.  Jada was really helpful getting our travel details settled prior to our stay which made us more comfortable with our stay before we even got there.  The space is amazing! Really cute, the pictures show it accurately. Its in the perfect part of town and an extra perk: its next to a wine shop! Will definitely be staying here again.  Great place to  Stay, clean, as advertised, smooth entry and exit. No cooking or  Real  Kitchen but this was clearly  Stated in the listing.  Only drawback  If one cares is that the nearest  subway is 3-4 avenues West of the apt. The manager who met us at the apartment was very sweet.  The apartment was clean and situated in a convenient and safe location.  I appreciated their flexibility and we enjoyed our stay. The apt is very well located. For a first time in NYC, it is perfect.   We think the apt is perfect for 4 people, the bed in the living room is lower quality - and should be maybe replaced.    The welcome was good, and the manager was kind to organize a late check-in at night, due to plane delay.   This is a good first experiences in NY, and with AirBnb !  We recommend it.     The host canceled this reservation 17 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great location ,very clean place perfect for 4 adults . Host was great and easy to communicate with would definitely stay here again!!! A lovely place in a great location! The living area is very compact (as per Jadas description) but the bedrooms are spacious and lovely. Everything was very clean too. Thanks Jada! Great location! Comfortable, clean accommodations in typical New York apartment style. Was surprised to find no kitchen or kitchenette, but at least there was a microwave, dorm fridge, coffee maker, and a few dishes and glassware - like what you would find in a hotel.  The host was quick to respond, answer questions, and provide information at booking and as we arrived.  There was a bit of a communication snag when guests were brought into the apartment at 3am. As super hosts ourselves, we are unsure how that could happen and unfortunetly it left us feeling unsettled at the end of our stay. En general es un lugar excelente para quedarse en Nueva York, La ubicación es muy buena y el departamento está especial para descansar después de un día largo en la ciudad. Jada was super accommodating, great communicator and her place was as described - nice, neat & clean apartment in a great location. Smaller than expected but good size in NYC standards. More appropriate for max 4 people than 6. Jadas manager Kenia made sure that we got settled in easily. Thank you Jada!  My wife and I combined a business trip with a family get together and the apt was great. Good pre check-in communication, clean, centrally located and as advertised. I highly recommend this apt for 1-6 people.  Host very welcoming in texts, emails and phone conversations.  Jada is very cooperative and easy to talk with. Great location with easy access to various city sights. Based on size, I wouldnt recommend more than 4 guests. Great option if you want to spend the majority of your time out and about, away from your lodging. Clean and easy check-in and out.  Jada is a great host.  Her communication prior to the visit is the most thorough I have ever received from any airbnb!  The apartment is cozy, clean and has all of the basics you could need.  My trip was a brief business trip and the apartment was perfect.  I was able to get out and explore 5th Avenue and Rockefeller Plaza just after the holiday decorations went up (it was about a 15 minute brisk walk), had a great dinner just around the corner and could walk to my business meeting in 10 minutes.  I couldnt have asked for a better location or accommodations! Great cozy place , excellent location , perfect for room mates or colleagues traveling on business , very clear instructions and someone to welcome you any hour you arrive  The listing is incrrect in the number of available beds, there are roaches and the host is hostile. I would look elsewhere!  The flat was exactly as described in the advert. Great location - youre a short walk away from central park, 5th avenue etc. We found the flat quiet as well. Bedrooms were comfortable, plenty of bedding and towels for guests. There isnt much space in the living room for anyone sleeping on the sofabed but its more than adequate (and who wants to stay indoors when in New York anyway?). Jada sent us plenty of information and arranged for us to do a late check-in (after midnight) at an extra cost which was appreciated and understandable. We arrived in NY by car and found parking on the street (free at the weekend). The only hiccup was our GPS - make sure to use the zip code as there are 3 addresses with the same street name in NY (2 in Brooklyn but they show up as NY on most maps...) One of the bedrooms is facing the street and is very noisy.   The apartment was adequate. Roomy, especially compared to other NY places Ive stayed at. Place was quite dusty and very basically cleaned, however. Check in was a bit of a disaster. It was a very clean, well-appointed place. Jada has obviously put work into making sure the place is cozy and attractive. I was really glad the place was so clean and well kept up.   All I would say is that not having a kitchen in the place was more annoying than I would have expected, and the very small area where the kitchen was was not super convenient. In order to plug the coffee pot in you had to block the microwave door so you couldnt use them at the same time, etc. I would just give a heads up to anyone staying there that truly, except for making coffee and heating up leftovers, the lack of a kitchen would be super annoying. I almost missed that there was no kitchen in the description and so would recommend her adding a picture of the kitchenette area so that it is clear to folks what the space entails.   Front room is super loud with traffic and sirens, etc. make sure you bring a noise maker or ear plugs. I travel with a noise maker so I was fine, but if I hadnt had a noise maker I would not have been able to sleep. Just a heads up. Jada’s Apartment is situated in a perfect location. Nice, safe and clean.  Jada is very friendly and she offers to help in everything and will answer all your guestions. I recommend this to everyone."	0
274	"Neighborhood was great, place was super quiet (could even hear birds chirping!!!), lots of light, comfy bed, everything I could ask for and great deal. Cova was super easy going and helpful. Would definitely come back! Barrio en proceso de gentrificación.    Apartamento muy agradable.   Fiel a lo anunciado.  Buena acogida. The apartment is very clean and has all necessities. Its a nice and pleasant place to stay. Cova is very helpful and responsive all the time. We had a good time there. The neighborhood is also enjoyful. There is a park, Starbucks and supermarket very nearby. The apartment was exactly as promised. The place was clean, quiet and cozy. My trip went very smoothly and Cova was very prompt with her replies during my stay whenever I had questions. I would definitely recommend you stay here if you are visiting New York City. The apartment is clean and quiet. Cova is a great host, making sure you have everything you need. The neighborhood is very nice. It is a short walk to restaurants, the subway and bus stops. No había entendido que el departamento tenia conexión con la casa del anfitrión. De todas maneras esa circunstancia es imperceptible ya que tiene ingreso independiente. We had an amazing time in New York and Cova was very sweet to us! Our flight was over 5 hours delayed and she took care that someone would be there to open up for us and hand us the keys. She was always available via text and on our first night she spend about an hour with us to give us cool insidertips about what to do and where to go in the city. She also let us check out late on our last day, so that we could leave our luggage in the room until we had to leave for the airport. The studio was as promised and as seen in the pictures - small but very cosy and also the neighbourhood around was very nice and safe.  Awesome trip! Cova was a great host,   She was very kind and attentive.   The flat was good and The location was too close from Central park.   We had a great Time in NYC.   Thank you Cova  Nice and cosy. Perfect location for ""columbias parents"".  Nous navons pas été accueillis par lhôte mais par une personne qui vivait dans lappartement où nous vivions, ce nétait donc pas un studio mais bien une chambre. Je nai pas eu de conseils sur les sorties ni dexplications sur le logement.   Je nai rien contre le fait que lon puisse fumer de lherbe mais de là à ce que lon sente dans la chambre, dans lentrée ou dans la salle de bain... Ce nétait pas agréable !  Jai payé des frais de ménages, je me demande si lhôte sait ce quest le ménage. Moquette très sale, je nosais pas me mettre pied nue. De la poussière partout sur la TV (dailleurs qui ne marchait pas), sur le frigo, sur les tables. Dans la salle de bain le rideau était moisi et le reste pleins de poussières.  La localisation par rapport à Manathan est pas mal car cest calme et il faut 10 minutes en métro pour aller sur Time square. Central Park est juste à côté à pied. En gros cest bien situé mais trouvez un autre logement !!  Cova was very flexible and allowed us to arrive early in the morning.       The location is very convenient, 3  blocks from the subway and central park.      Important to know that the space is a part of the hosts house. You do have a separate entrance, but inside the house there is a flight of stairs between the two floors and there is no door separating. Which means that you are basically on the second  floor of someones apartmant.    If you dont mind that, the space is convenient and cozy and the communication with the host is very good.   Logement bien decri,moquette tres sale,chaise casse ,le minimum dans lappartement meme pas une bouteille deau a larrivee The studio is like shown in the pictures. However, although the studio has an independent entrance, its inside the hosts house once there are staires conecting it to the other rooms downstairs. So youll basicly stay in the hosts house in a room upstairs with an independent entrance and a bathroom. That detail should be clear in the post discription. The bedroom can only be locked from the inside, so when you go out the door gets unlocked. Despite those details we didnt have any problem. We had a nice stay. The bed is cosy, the bathroom is good, the place is quiet, the neibourhood is nice and safe. The location is very convinient since there are many kinds of food stores and its close to central park and 5 min from carhedral parkway subway station wich allows you to be in times square in 20 minutes. The description on the web page is not accurate: this is not an independent studio, it is a bedroom + bathroom in somebody´s apartment on a separate floor with its own exit. This was a disappointment for us, especially since there was (not only cigarette) smoking and shouting/screaming/music after midnight from downstairs that came directly to our living space. The house rules state “quiet, non-smoking household” but that apparently only applies to guests… Like someone already posted here, there was no possibility to lock the bedroom, which does not feel comfortable when the unknown downstairs smoker lives in the same space and has easy access to the room.    The bathroom floor was dirty when we came and we had to wash it… Towels had holes and bleach stains, which didn´t give a very clean impression either. We mistakenly thought that one of the screens seen on the photo was a TV but there is actually no TV in the room.     The location is convenient (subway lines near and nice restaurants around the corner, esp. Melba´s) and the bed comfy. There were apples and fresh flowers when we came, this was appreciated! Hemos pasado nueve noches en este alojamiento y sin duda volveriamos a elegirlo... Alojamiento de facil acceso al metro que permite llegar a cualquier parte de la cuidad en poco tiempo. Barrio tranquilo, con restaurantes y multirubros bien cerca.  Lugar ideal para personas con ganas de conocer la cuidad. Excelente comunicacion con Cova, nuestra anfitriona, quien estuvo atenta a nuestras necesidades aun antes de llegar. Muchas gracias Cova por todo!!  Excelente ubicación y total autonomía. Soleado y temperado durante el invierno. Cova facilitó el check in mas tarde para no tener que ir antes al aeropuerto. Recomendable!  Lalloggio era molto accogliente, la stanza ha accesso indipendente ed è sul piano superiore della casa della propietaria. Ottima posizione a soli 5 minuti a piedi dalla fermata della metropolitana. Perfecta localización, amplio, luminoso, buena acogida por parte de la anfitriona. Totalmente recomendable. buena ubicación en Harlem, el apartamento bien, limpio, bien comunicado con supermercados cerca, lineas de bus y metro, con wifi, y Cova una buena anfitriona, gracias Estudio muy tranquilo y muy bien situado, cerca del metro y de Central Park. Este cuenta con una habitación muy amplia, con una cama bastante cómoda, genial para poder descansar bien tras un largo día en Nueva York. Otros de los servicios que también podemos encontrar en la habitación son un microondas y una mini nevera con congelador los cuales te pueden sacar de un apuro a la hora de preparar algo rápido para comer. El baño aunque no es amplio está bastante bien, se puede disfrutar de muy buena presión y de agua caliente en la ducha.  Con respecto a Cova tenemos que decir que es una gran anfitriona, ya que nos ha hecho sentir como en casa. Nos ha facilitado su propia plancha y ante una pequeña lesión que hemos sufrido se ha preocupado por nuestro estado de salud en todo momento.  Si tenemos que destacar algo a mejorar seria el tema de la limpieza del polvo.  Nuestra estancia a sido genial!  El precio es realmente muy conveniente para la ubicación y lo que ofrece. Teniendo en cuenta eso, tendrás una estadía perfecta. Para los que dudan de la privacidad, no es ningún inconveniente. Cova es absolutamente respetuosa y el departamento está ubicado en la parte superior de la casa. Es un espacio muy silencioso. Está ubicado a 200 metros del metro con el que te puedes manejar perfectamente con la Metro Card. Hay todo tipo de tiendas para comprar alimentos o comer afuera. Lo recomendamos!!! Lugar estupendo. Tal como está descripto, es un cuarto dentro de una casa, pero totalmente independiente, en un piso superior sin ningún contacto con los anfitriones, con entrada independiente y baño exclusivo. Muy cómodo para alojarse, limpio, y con una excelente ubicación, a 3 cuadras del subterráneo (y por ende del Central Park) en un barrio muy tranquilo y seguro, con locales dónde proveerse muy cercanos. Cova fue una anfitriona excelente, con la cual sólo tuvimos contacto el día de llegada porque no hubo ninguna necesidad, pero que siempre que le enviamos algún mensaje respondió inmediatamente. Realmente MUY recomendable hospedaje para una pareja cuyo viaje está basado en pasear por la ciudad sin preocuparse por la hora de volver. Si volvemos a Nueva York no dudamos en alojarnos nuevamente acá. Muy recomendable. The host canceled this reservation 67 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 78 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 161 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 108 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. I had a great stay. The unit was clean and had all the essentials. It has its own entrance, so there is a good amount of privacy. The neighborhood is nice and has a mix of established New Yorkers and younger professionals. It also has great transportation options. Cova as a host was very responsive and helpful. Overall, great value for money! Cova fue muy amable desde el primer momento, dando solución a los pequeños inconvenientes que pudieron surgir (a la llegada nos faltaban toallas y papel del baño). No tuvimos contacto directa con ella, nos recibió una amiga, porque no estaba, pero nos comunicamos por (Hidden by Airbnb) perfectamente  El apartamento es amplio, más que suficiente para dos personas. La decoración ya no estaba como en las fotos, y le daba menos calidez a la estancia, parecía más desangelada. Tal y como pone en la descripción, se conecta a otro apartamento a través de unas escaleras de caracol que hay en el pasillo. El baño está al final del pasillo (es muy cortito). A pesar de esto en ningún momento tuvimos contacto con los inquilinos.  Si tuviera que mejorar algo sería la limpieza de la habitación y el baño. Había polvo, los utensilios de desayuno no estaban muy limpios y la cortina del baño estaba sucia.  La ubicación es muy buena, a 2 minutos andando del metro. En 10 minutos estás en pleno centro de Manhattan. El barrio es seguro y lleno de restaurantes y delis.  Se podría decir que tendría una buena relación calidad precio si mejorase algunos aspectos.    An awful experience!!  The apartment doesn’t match with the photographs published, its unpolite and extremely   dirty, we were even able to count at least four cockroaches in the bathroom and the stairs.  My partner and I arrived there at early morning, and were attended by Covas’ son, who hardly   gave us any information about the accommodation. We spent a horrible night in the place,   suffering for the cockroaches and the loud noise downstairs, coming out from where the   hostess lives.  We had to move to a hotel the morning after, due to the insane room’s conditions. Although   we had told Cova about the problems that we were faced to, she invited us to leave.  Furthermore, she told us that she would cancel the booking and return the payed amount   back. However, she took advantage of our lack of communication habilities, and took half of   our money.  We’ ve tried to contact her after that, but she denies,… She’s consciously cheated us. Cova   seems to be a kind and receptive person, but she fails as soon as any detail needs to be   adjusted.  To sum up, we can ensure that we’d NEVER recommend Covas’ apartment to any customer.   This seems to be a correct and cheap option to foreigners who want to enjoy in New York   City,… However, it can become a true nightmare! ¡¡Horrible experiencia!! El apartamento no se corresponde con las fotografías del anuncio, está muchísimo más descuidado y, sobretodo, muy sucio. Contamos hasta cuatro cucarachas en el baño y la escalera.  Llegamos de madrugada, y nos atendió su hijo, quién apenas nos dio información sobre el alojamiento. Pasamos una noche espantosa allí, sufriendo por las cucarachas y escuchando mucho ruido de abajo (donde vive la anfitriona). A la mañana siguiente, nos tuvimos que ir a un hotel por las malas condiciones higiénicas en que estaba el piso, pues después de comentarle los problemas con los que nos encontramos e incluso intentar buscar una solución, Cova nos invitó a salir de su casa. La anfitriona nos aseguró que cancelaría la reserva, con el consecuente reembolso del dinero, pero se aprovechó de nuestra incomunicación en un país extranjero y no lo hizo. Ahora se ha quedado con la mitad de nuestro dinero y, después de muchos intentos de comunicarnos con ella, se niega a atendernos. Nos ha estafado a mala fe…  Mientras no hay problemas, Cova es amable y receptiva a las consultas, pero cuando estos aparecen, se desentiende totalmente y, en vez de facilitar el proceso, lo complica más.  Basados en nuestra experiencia, JAMÁS recomendaríamos su apartamento para gente que va a disfrutar de sus vacaciones en Nueva York, pues lo que parece la solución a los altos precios de la ciudad, puede convertirse en una auténtica pesadilla. La habitación se encuentra en la parte alta de una casa. Tiene su propio acceso con lo que tienes total privacidad.  La ubicación es perfecta, en 15 minutos estas en el centro de Manhattan con el metro. El barrio tambien tiene buenas y económicas opciones para comer o tomar algo. Recomendado I really enjoyed my stay at Covas. The apartment is in a nice neighbourhood and a great location – edge of Harlem, north-western corner of Central Park, and in close walking distance to subway, cafes, restaurants, bars and bike rental.   The room is spacious and pleasant. With high ceilings, two windows so it gets a lot of light, view of enclosed garden area, very comfy bed. Private entrance was good.   Cova was also so friendly and helpful during my stay. Highly recommend"	0
275	"The location is on the mark close to all transportation and great parking the place looks better than the photos everything is new next time I go to Brooklyn I will stay with Corey.  Corys place was wonderful. He was very accommodating and was very helpful with our last minute book. Clean, Beautiful, and perfect for a weekend stay!!!! Great place  One of the greatest hosts to deal with, Cori was really a good host and kept in touch and got us whatever was missing. The apartment was better than expected. It was well-furnished, quite big, clean and really organized. The location was great; you can go airport easily, the shuttle stop is near , the train was easy to reach, and parking was free, available, and easy. The wifi was fast and the apartment had all what was needed for a good stay. Corie was an awesome host!! He could be called a modern day ""Johnny on the spot"". He stayed out of your way and didnt crowd you. But when u did need him, he was quick to respond.  I loved the apartment. Only downside was 2nd bed was futon, which is too flimsy for an adult but he said he would change that shortly.  Otherwise, we loved the area, i call it the heart of East New York, this area oozes Brooklyn, this is what City life is all about,  but it is safe n quiet. Parking was always easy.  I would definitely be a repeat customer the apartment look exactly like the pictures posted. In fact, it is a bit bigger than expected. The house was extremely welcoming and was eager to meet our needs. The only complaint I have is the noise during the week when the children arrive at the childcare. I wasnt prepared for that. Lol, Overall, it was a great experience. Had a great stay.The place was clean and very spacious. The place is exactly as pictured. Corie was available whenever we needed him. I had a great stay!  Corie was very understanding. It was my first time in NY and it was completely different but Corie really made it easy for us to check in even our flights were at a hectic schedule. He came to check on us the last day.  The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. This apartment was way bigger than expected and absolutely gorgeous. We will definitely be renting again when we come back. It was a short walk to the L-train which took you straight into the city. There is a place called Cecis Latin American restaurant a short walk as well (.5mile) and if you stay here you must eat there, they also deliver. We cant wait to come back, hopefully it will be for a little longer. Cories place is very spacious for the three of us. He was very accomodating when you reach put to him. We liked that it has a full kitchen and enough beds. It is also very accessible. The train station is just right in the corner. I would recommend it to my friends and we would gladly book it again when we return. Thank you for welcoming us Corie. Great stay love the place  Corie is a great host definitely we will come back again  The apartment was comfortable and close to the subway. Corie is a lovely host - he made us feel very welcome and got in touch quickly with the WiFi details when we asked. He even provided toiletries! Definitely would stay here again. Ottimo. Vicino metropolitana. Economico. Appena restaurato. Molto gentile e disponibile ad ogni richiesta The communication before arrival was excellent and very friendly. When we arrived, they showed us round the apartment and everything was as expected. There are some shops and delis very close, so thats very convenient. Unfortunately, the subway station 50 meters from the apartment closed for maintenance just on the day we arrived, but luckily, there was a bus stop nearby and the next subway station wasnt too far away either, so the inconvenience wasnt too big.   During our stay, Corie was always available if we had a question and helped us out when we needed it.  We would definitely recommend this apartment! Well I am so sorry I though my son did our ratings. Corie we  enjoyed every moment  your hospitality was more that expected  thank you again. Will I come again yes  yes  yes that is how much we enjoyed the stay. Tks.Corie Not only did I enjoy my stay, but Corie is an amazing host. He very courteous, he always made sure I had everything to keep me going throughout my stay & hes an honest man. He personally showed me around the place instead of just handing me the keys and going his separate way. The place itself is great. Its everything you see in the pix but much better in person. I hope to stay here again and Id recommend this place to anyone. I had a wonderful time at Corie place. Its very beautiful, spacious and comfortable. I am definitely looking forward to re visit there whenever I am back in town. Corie was a Great host and very friendly. The place was very clean, Ill definitely stay here again. The neighborhood was quiet and well lit at night. Super easy to get to the subway and travel into the city.  Corie was a great host! He was very pleasant to interact with and always very quick to respond. He checked in with us halfway through the trip to make sure we were finding everything ok. Corie was super flexible with check-in and check-out times. Our flights on the last day were very late and Corie was ok with us staying at the airbnb until it was time to go to the airport, which was very much appreciated.   The apartment had more than enough space for the 3 of us. Corie provided dishes and a few toiletries. It was within walking distance of two train station. One of them was closed during our stay but there was a shuttle bus running in its place so this wasnt too big of an inconvenience. Corie is an amazing host and very willing to help. Hes also incredibly kind and courteous! His rental is very cozy with several convenient locations for shopping and transportation needs. Id stay here again! Corie is a very nice and helpful person and the accomodation is big, nice and great! Corie is really nice and try to help us in anything we need. The aparment is nice and well cominucated, near to metro station and bus stops, although its a little far away from Manhattan.  Place Was Better Than in the pictures perfect for couples who want to get away  Corie was a superb host! Convenient for a quick trip to Brooklyn. My girlfriend and I greatly enjoyed our stay. A+! House really confortable and recently renewed, really clean and near the metro (line L and line 3). The host was really friendly and kind. Really calm and good neighborhood. I would reccomend it! Very clean large apartment. Close to metro and restaurants. Corie was helpful and knowledgeable. Great value for NYC. Will stay again when I visit .  Very clean and spacious place with everything you need. Corie was super flexible and responded within minutes. Location is very close to subway 3 (and two others in walking distance) which brings you to downtown in 30-50 min. The area itself is okay even though my girlfriend would not want to walk around alone at night. But it was still very safe! The avenue is quiet busy and sometimes loud at night. The bed is on the other side of the app though - so its okay. During weekdays it gets a bit louder starting around 7:30/8am when the kids from their child care arrive in the floor upstairs. For us it was never an issue and perfectly fine. Corie mentioned it in the beginning as well. Overall very nice place with good value! Corie was a very welcoming and accommodating host.  The apartment was very clean, and is as described.  Although its far from manhattan, the subway station is literally right around the corner, making it easy to get around.  Manhattan was only a 40 min ride on the subway.  Would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a lovely, clean stay that is great value for money.  Great stay! Corie is a very available and helpful and fast and efficient host our stay was very nice the apartment was very clean and great El departamento y alojamiento son muy buenos, tiene el tamaño adecuado con camas muy cómodas, con servicios básicos e internet. Lo que más nos gusto fue la ubicación a menos de una cuadra del metro y a 40 min de Manhattan. Los días entre semana hay una guardería que causa ruido pero solo el primer día te sorprende los demás ni siquiera le dábamos importancia. Corie es un gran anfitrión.  The place was as you see it. Very clean. I would definitely recommend it others tht are looking for a place to stay.  Every review written by previous guests are accurate and true.  The place is outstanding and Corie receives an A+ for customer service from my family and I.  Thanks Corie!!!  We will be back soon.   Corie was a great host. The apartment was close to public transportation and clean Great stay in New York. A lot of space and a clean apartment. Above the apartment is a child care but we didnt hear a lot of noise of it. Communication met corie is great and fast. Its about an hour to manhattan. The neighborhood looks little bit rough but its an okay environment.  This home is clean and very nice, Corrie was such an awesome host!!! I loved it! Corie is a great host, he really went above and beyond to make sure we were comfortable and happy. His place is a great value and very close to two different train stations that can take you anywhere you need to go in the city. The apartment was nice and clean and stayed cool in mid July. It accommodated four of us comfortably, I would book again! Place is nice. Right next to a few different subway stops.  Has a few stores around that ate open late. Would stay here again. This place is value for money. Its pretty far off from Manhattan and even downtown Brooklyn. But its very close to the airport (20 mins away). The subway is only a minute away from the house but it takes almost 35 mins to get to Manhattan and about 25 mins to get to downtown Brooklyn. The neighborhood isnt great although it is safe. The house is really clean and tidy and Corie responds almost immediately if you have anything to ask. The child care above can be irritating at times but if you dont intend to stay in the house from 10 am to 6 pm then it shouldnt be a problem. It is a basement apartment so there arent any windows to be opened as such.  Corie was a great host, always very kind! the apartment was clean and tidy, with every comfort. Very close to 3 train and 5 blocks far from L train. the neighborhood is pretty quiet, with different grocerys and places where u can eat. one grocery is open also during the night. Manhattan is about 40 minutes away by train. Highly recommended! Thanks again Corie! The location was great- a block from the 3 line which took us all over Brooklyn and easily to Manhattan. 40 minute trip to Times Square. Neighborhood felt very safe. The apartment was clean and exactly as it was advertised. Perfect for my husband and me on a long weekend trip to NY. Corie was great to work with- very responsive to messages and incredibly helpful. Check in was easy. Well stay here again next time were in NY! I loved the apartment right from the beginning to the end. It had everything youd need, wifi, hot water with unbelievable pressure. I watched my favourite sport live etc. Proximity to train and subway stations, with several  groceries stores and restaurants. Its on a busy road , which for me is good in a way.  For the price I cant complain Corie’s place was amazing. He was very flexible. He communicated with us the entire time. The house was spacious and very clean.I would recommend staying here the place is lovely. I definitely will be staying my next visit. Corie is an amazing host. The place was clean, organized, and VERY accurate to the ad online. He went out of his way with making the check in and out a smooth experience and also messaged me during my stay to check in and see if I needed anything. Really outstanding host, highly recommended. The apartment was less than a minute walk away from the 3 train and about nine minutes walk away from the L train. Both will get you into the city and make coming home at the end of the day very easy. You will not regret staying at Cories. Amazing place, amazing dude. Thank you Corie! Corie muy amable y  flexible con el horario. Un apartamento ideal para tres , limpio,  camas muy confortables.  Buena comunicación tanto metro a Manhattan como para aeropuerto JFK. Totalmente recomendable!! Great experience. Check in was smooth. The place was clean and spacious. Good location. Close to train. Would definitely stay there again. The description of the rental was accurate, and even more lovely to stay in. Corie was an amazing host, very responsive. I highly recommend this place to others! The apartment is what you get for the low price it has. Zone is normal by the day but at night beware to GO in late because its not that cool to walk , is near to project houses so aint that good idea to walk around. The pictures of the apartment are accurate, only thing is wifi doesnt reach main bedroom, but got all you need, practical. Boat is nice offers to help but when asked to actuallyque help on 3 things offered didnt respond anymore, so dont count on him much, stay is alright though Great place and Corie is an excellent host. Would definitely stay again! Corie is an excellent host, responsive, flexible, friendly, hospitable. He warned us about the possible noise, during daytime, of the childrens daycare above the appartment. We didnt experience any problems with it. The firetrucks passing gave more noise. The appartement is very much value for money. It is spacey, clean, cosey.  Good bed and couch. Enormous fridge. The kitchen is fully equiped but a little a challenge for people under 5 foot 4 (161 cm). Corie said he wants to change the kitchen. The neighborhood is a residential area seems to be coming up, we never feld unsafe. Corie once again thank you very much, we had a great time! Staying at Cories place was an enjoyable experience. It was easy to find. It was clean and perfect to stay at. If you want convenience, affordability, comfort and home away home,  Cories place is a must do. The place was beautiful and very comfortable it was like a home from home and will definitely come back again and as a host he was really good when it came to communicating with us. Will tell my friends Great place. Would recommend to friends traveling to New York. Corie was a great host. Corie was very responsive and helpful! He was a awesome host. The unit is conveniently located by the subway which is great if you will be commuting in and out of the city. The location was very appealing and put together very well. Theres alot of space and the host was very polite and takes care of your needs. It has an awesome style, great scene and very romantic setting. Would recommend it to friends and family."	1
276	"Don was friendly and helpful... the house is in a very good position to enjoy the city!  I always enjoy spending time in New York City. The location of the apartment is ideal of those who want to stroll around the close lower east side and soho or take a quick train ride to brooklyn. the apartment itself is spacious enough for two people. there is a night club right below, you might want to make sure to party there or somewhere else on fridays or saturdays - people who are sensible to noise shouldnt come to NYC anyways.      Don tried his best to make our stay as convenient as possible. Very positive experience.  Location is conveniently on top of a nice grocery store, in a great retail/tourist neighborhood.  The apartment is well furnished for two people (we stayed a week) and the owner made a great effort to be in touch and check in with us, which fortunately wasnt necessary as we had everything we needed.  I guess you should be aware that its on top of a night club that plays music Friday and Saturday nights, which the owner did disclose in his description. While this was certainly audible at late hours, for me it was just white noise and didnt bother me. The house is older and more narrow than expected but the stay is ideal for whom is willing to visit the city and stay outside all day. Don has been more than fast in responding to messaging and in managing any type of request. This place was great and a perfect size for 3 people. We booked it the night before our trip and it was made available within hours. The location isnt too far from the subway and getting around was easy. Don was very friendly and accommodating the entire trip. If youre looking for places in the East Village area, I would highly recommend looking into this studio. The apartment was well located to enjoy the East village restaurants and bars, and the market downstairs takes care of all your food needs.The apartment was as descibed. The bathroom and Kitchen were very functional. We unfortunately had the club downstairs open on the Wednesday and Thursday of our stay and the music was quite loud until just after midnight. We had a great stay at Dons place. The location is the best, very convenient to get around and there are plenty of grocery stores and restaurants to try. A few minutes walks to the most popular streets in lower eastside and ten minutes walk to soho and east village. Highly recommend. The location is perfect:  walking distance from Ludlow street, Katzs delicatessen, soho, whole foods was priceless to me. The apartment is cozy. Two ppl can fit with no problems. Very clean. Its the right place to stay if u wanna enjoy every minute u have in NY. The host was always available and replied instantly to every question we had.  Very good location and clean apartment. Nice AC for hot summer nights. Despite not having met Don in person, he did his best to make our stay as convenient as possible, from the first to the final day of our trip.  Highly recommend!!   It was great time at this studio. The room was clean and comfortable. The best thing was the location of this house. Its very close to the metro station, so we could easy to get everywhere in NY. Dons feedback is fast and kind.  One bad thing is that the club which is at downstairs is really noisy at weekend. So someone who really sensitive to sleep needs to think about it. But this house is still good place though! Don is a great host, very communicative and helpful throughout our stay. The location is really unbeatable with some of the best options for dining, imbibing, and taking in the scene that you can find in NYC. I would highly recommend a stay at Dons if youre looking for to go out and have a good time during your stay. Definitely at the heart of the LES. El anfitrión tardaba mucho en contestar a mis emails antes de la estancia. No fue él quien nos dio las llaves. Las fotografías corresponden al apartamento. El departamento está bien ubicado, es cómodo y tiene todo lo necesario para pasar unos días en NY. Estuve 9 noches muy cómoda! La ubicación es genial para moverte . La única contra es el bar de abajo que tiene música y me tocó 4 noches seguidas, y el edificio no es demasiado limpio pero esta correcto.  Don es muy amable y contesta a lo que necesitas casi al instante.  Dons apartament is great for a New York escapade! Super comfy bed and charming place in a great location on the LES! Don was super accommodating and always on top of things! We had a blast!! Juan & Ana  I liked the space a greater deal. Super location, especially across from the Remedy. Although Id still do again, because it was a 1 1/2 fle. Walk-up and I am disabled, it was great except for the parties and bar hours. Im quite mouse sensitive. You should caution people about that. Having spare light bulbs is a MUST for every fixture. That was not only aggravating, but because of my disabilities, I had to spend fair amount of time in the dark until I could talk do find into doing if for me, Play down the kitchen unless you outfit it better. Same thing with your general light. Theres no fixture (light) between the kitchen counter and the corner floor fixture across the room.  To depend on lighting all the candles ALL the time is not only a drag because it adds little light, and to have that many candles is certainly a fire hazard so close to fabric of any kind We had a great time at Dons apartment and the location is great, the only thing that was annoying was the club downstairs that Friday and Saturday night was busy until 4 in the morning so no sleep there in combination to the jetlag from the international flight.  Except that it was all great and Don is was always available for us!!   Dons place was perfect for our little trip to New York, its in a GREAT area and it was super easy for us to get around to everywhere we wanted to go. We were pretty psyched to see Russ and Daughters right across the road from us where we had the most amazing bagels of our lives, and just wandering the streets nearby discovered many, many treasures.    The apartment itself is just as pictured, super clean and very well set up for visitors. The bed is really comfy, was lovely to find towels and shampoos ready for us and it was very easy to get set up and feel at home right away. Even though Don was out of town he made it really easy for us to check in and out and was great to communicate with for the trip.    One thing that others have also mentioned, so we were fully aware already, is the club downstairs did play pretty loud music until around 4.00am Friday and Saturday night. I sleep like a log and personally didnt have a problem, but my husband had a bit of trouble. We bought earplugs for the second night and that was helpful - so if youre a light sleeper it might be a good thing to be aware of.    All in all Id definitely recommend if youre looking for the perfect little home base for a busy trip to the city!     Great place in Great area of NYC. Few steps from all amenities you need, coffe, market, dinner, subway, bars&clubs.  This studio apartment was absolutely everything I wanted and expected. Not only is it situated on the very accessible street, but also so very very close to the best bars the East village has to offer, an AMAZING supermarket directly below, subway stations, and some of the cities best jazz bars - and just as importantly 24 restaurants for the late evenings! Re, the apartment itself. It a studio,  its cosy, it smells fresh, its clean, and well lit, with hard wood floors. Personally... Id love to stay there forever.  Apartment was very clean upon arrival.  The studio is a nice layout and the host provided a clothing rack with hangers which was very useful.  I also am a big fan of the location, especially considering there is a nice grocery store next door.  However, the buildings heat level was very low and the portable radiator that was in the apartment was broken.  Since the host was out of town with no one watching over the apartment, he initially tried tasking me with getting a replacement.  Finally he resolved to order a replacement online, but this replacement was a very tiny space heater that wasnt comparable to the broken radiator.  The heat issue made the stay pretty uncomfortable in the dead of winter.  Also, as other reviews have mentioned, the bar underneath the apartment is very loud.  Music is particularly loud on weekends, but also plays during some week nights. The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Don was a great host, he was very reliable and was always available when we needed to contact him. The apartment was well decorated and in a great location, very close to many restaurants and bars in LES and Soho. We will be sure to come back and stay here again!  I cant even begin to convey what a wonderful host Don was. First off, his place is beautiful. He definitely added some love to the interior decor after taking these photos--notably the gorgeous sheer curtains. Such a wonderful location, too. Right above an adorable organic market and a delicious restaurant and bar right across the street.  Secondly, he was always extremely responsive and kind, and made checking in and out a breeze. I couldnt ask for any more of a host. Thank you so much, Don.  The apartment was exactly what we needed - great location, all the necessary amenities, convenient process. It made a lot of sense to us as it is almost next door to my sisters place. Thank you! Don was a great host to work with on our stay in New York! He was always quick to answer any questions we had and was very attentive. The studio itself was clean, spacious and practical. The location was perfect for what we were looking for, a fun weekend near cocktail bars, great food and shopping. We went out at night and were in a great spot for sightseeing during the day. I recommend this studio, for sure, to any twenty-somethings looking for a fun weekend in New York! This place is very convenient location. We was able to go to everywhere that we want to go. For example, Midtown, Greenwich Village, Brooklyn and Harlem. And Don is very kind. The only thing is that the downstairs club is a little noisy. But I can recommend this place comprehensively. Dan responded quickly to any communication. The listing presented well.  The unit: floor,  bed, bathroom is very clean. We had a great stay in the apartment. Was very well located near a great market and to the subway. The nightclub noise do not disturb. Don were fast to answer my questions and help if was necessary.  Appartement globalement bien situé. Au rez de chaussée une boite de nuit ouverte vendredi et samedi soir. Les photos doivent être anciennes car lappartement mériterait un bon coup de rafraîchissement. Quelques soucis à larrivée: 2h dattente et ménage pas fait. Don sest occupé de tout et a su nous faire un geste, cétait la moindre des choses pour une attente de 7h avant de pouvoir récupérer les clés dun appartement propre. Dons place is just as described. Cute studio in the lower east side. Def a different experience than always being times square. There are PLENTY options for night life and things to do. Gives u a great idea of the locale. The market right down stairs is excellent and VERY convenient! Dons apartment is located in a fantastic position, the place is true to the pictures. The supermarket downstairs is amazing. However, there were a few negatives regarding the apartment. The hot water takes at least 10 minutes to start working when showering majority of the time. There was no remote for the Apple TV and there is no cable so we had no use of the tv for 16 days. Don had mentioned that I should buy the remote and he would reimburse me but I didnt think that responsibility should fall on me. Don was not quick to respond to my msgs re: the toilet was broken, the hot water and the tv remote but he did eventually respond. The apartment is located on top of club and the music is extremely loud!!!! You can forget about sleeping until after they close at 4am on Friday and Saturday night. The apartment was very clean on arrival however we had to replenish amenities as there was very limited supply of toilet paper, hand soap, etc On the plus side: Great location and clean apartment Just above Union Market, great for picking up breakfast and toiletries (but expensive, so maybe not for everyone)  On the down side: Communication with the host could have been better: we had agreed to meet but never got to see him... instead were told to pick up the keys from his cleaner, who was unaware that new guests were staying at his place. As a result the apartment was not clean and accessible at the agreed time.  Equally we didnt hear anything from the host on the check out date.   On the weekend the club downstairs stays open until about 5am. Dont bother trying to sleep with the thumping base going on. We were warned about it but it was way worse than expected.  Overall- nice stay but I would go somewhere else next time.     Dons apartment is located right on the border between the vibrant neighborhoods East Village and Lower East Side of Manhattan. Conveniently, theres a super fresh grocery store right next door, and the nearest subway station only a few blocks away; not that youll need it much, considering all the great restaurants and bars within a 15-20min walking distance.     The apartment was nice and clean, as described. Only downside to the apartment was that there was no hot water left for showers later in the day; this can be partly avoided by just showering in the morning, but when you want to take a shower before going out for dinner/drinks, or just a mid-day run, there will obviously be an issue.    Overall I enjoyed my time - would stay here again! Location, location, location!   That is the main seller for this one. It is small, light and is good for 2 persons (not 3). We had some issues during our stay (front door key doesnt work, delayed check-in until 6.30p, not enough sheets for 3 etc), but you cannot beat the location! Beware that your are (literally) living on top of a night club (open Fri/Sat until 4am), so this is nor your place if you are here to have a relaxing weekend. You will neither be cooking advanced gourmet meals as kitchen utensils and cook ware are lacking.  The apt has a great location with easy access to the metro. All in all, the stay was a success, with some flaws:    •Apparently Don’s real name is David Dayan. Why he calls himself Don, I can’t say.  •David asked us to be there at 3 PM but the apt wasn’t yet cleaned and we had to wait for an hour before the maid arrived.  •Luckily we tested the apt keys before the maid left – The keys didn’t work and we had to wait for another hour before the maid returned with new keys.  •The apt was booked for 3 persons, but there were only sheets for two. Initially the maid stated that it wasn’t her problem, and that we had to contact David. After some discussion she promised she would return with the sheets before night fall. However, she didn’t. (A package with sheets from Amazon arrived the next day.)  •David doesn’t pick up the phone, only text messages is answered. The first answer is always some kind of answer that doesn’t make sense like “Hi, hope all is well. Let me know if you need anything.” Pretty annoying, though David will eventually answer within a couple of hours.  •The apt is worn down and not very clean.  •The iron and and iron board is broken.  •The third bed is not suitable for an adult – maybe a child can use it.  •Note that it isn’t a bar/lounge at the first floor. It’s a club playing house music, and not only Friday and Saturday – see (Website hidden by Airbnb)     I’m not going to book the place a second time, but as David brought to my attention: The price is low and I guess you get what you pay for. Though I believe the price is much too high. I was ready to move into a hotel instead, but David didn’t want to do a refund.   Great Neighbourhood convenient for the Cyclepath - 23 minutes to West 1th Street with only three block of traffic  Don is a very nice guy and he set up everything for my staying. The apartment is small but cozy and it has everything you need though. The neighbourhood is in a centric position to all main attraction of the city and it offers a wide variety of places where to buy food and drinks. Perfect to use it as basecamp for your exploring of the city. Nice apartment for 2 people. The location is perfect. Good kitchen with many kitchen appliances but to few cooking utensils. Good bed and bathroom. It was unusually hot when we were there, so important to the good air conditioning (do not know if windows can be opened). First the good - location is great, air con works and unit is adequate space wise by NY standards - although it would be very squashed with 3 people in it. There is noise from club downstairs but this was clear in the description and it was no problem - New York is noisy anyway!  The Bad - no hot water! In 10 days I had one hot shower only! Luckily it was stinking hot weather so a cold shower was not unbearable but it is pretty sad to have no decent shower.  The advertised rooftop access is clearly labelled as ""for top floor apartments only""   Price was fair for what you get - hot water would help a lot! Easy, affordable, no-fuss stay. Don was prompt and communicative after we booked, the place was ready an hour before the listed check-in time, allowing us to get settled in early, and the place is as-described.     Wi-fi was a pretty slow (maybe the router just needs a reboot), and the mattress in the bed wasnt hotel-quality (but still way comfier than the other AirBnBs Ive stayed in). Id 100% stay again for the listed price, a total bargain given the prime location. Enjoy.  Dons place was outstanding... very clean and a great location!  Great check-in experience, Don was very helpful with an early check-in.  Will definitely stay again... I think that Dons description was accurate. His place is really just for a place to crash. The loud music that came from the club didnt bother us. The shower makes a really loud screeching noise which wasnt super awesome but it worked out. Thanks for everything, Don!  Pros:   Dons very responsive, polite, professional.   A great location.   Super inexpensive for Soho/Manhattan..  An awesome green grocer 10 steps from the building entrance.      Cons:   Exterior building lock does not work well (not Dons fault, but could be a factor if you are in rainy/cold conditions).  Noisy, even on a non-weekend night.   Small.  Im not sure that this would work for 3 people, unless they were small -- and then just for a night or two.. Don was very helpful with good info about the neighborhood. And the location is great!  Don hat für eine gute Anreise gesorgt und Fragen direkt beantwortet.   Die Umgebung war perfekt, von dort aus war alles super zu erreichen (Supermarkt direkt nebenan)  Wenn man trotz Technolärm gut schlafen kann ist das Appartement für zwei Leute zu empfehlen. A clean stylish and conveniently located accommodation. Easy on-street parking nearby. Don was attentive and place was v. nice / extremely good location  Id come back! Don was a perfect host. nice, made our stay really nice and the apartment was in a great location. there were some noice during the first two nights from a night club (friday and saturday) but other than that is was perfect.  Communication before the stay was great, check-in and check-out was super easy and the appartment is located perfectly.  It gets really noisy on Friday and Saturday night (as stated) and the apartment is not really suitable for three people, unfortunately. It is too small for that, the couch is rather uncomfortable to sleep on and there is no proper blanket for the third person. Furthermore, the kitchen lacks some equipment like proper glasses or cups, which I guess could easily be improved. The house is cute and location is perfect. We just had a little problem when we arrived, cause the house was really cold but Don solved it very quick in despite he was away from the city.. he is a very nice person!!! In general everything was perfect and I would stay here again. Thank you Don!  Very good value and in a very good location. Theres a really cool food market right next door, and the apartment is very conveniently located to cafes, bars and the subway. Only thing was the noise from the nightclub downstairs got a little loud, but if you plan on staying out late on weekends this isnt a problem. Don was also really communicative and answered all of my questions about the place really quickly. Would definitely recommend staying here! Don was super responsive and fast in replies! Nightclub open till 4am below you. Not a problem for me, but good to know in case it is. Overall, a great value and delightfully clean and simple. Très bon emplacement, supermarchés, bars, restaurants, métro Prévoir des boules Quiès, bruit du club situé au rez de chaussée et pas seulement le vendredi et le samedi comme indiqué Enjoyed our time at dons place. Conveniently located to restaurants and bars.   There is a club downstairs that plays super late, so if youre looking for something quiet before 4am on the weekends, keep this in mind.  Don was a friendly and helpful host! Not only was he responsive to my questions, he checked in on me during my stay as well!   His apartment is very clean and stocked with all the essentials (even a hair dryer and umbrella). The apartment also had an extra heater which I kept on at all times since its quite chilly in NY these days.   Neighbors were quiet and the street, despite it being a major street (Houston), was surprisingly quiet at night (didnt need my earplugs).  Great location with Katzs deli basically viewable from the apartment and Russ & Daughters down a block (both highly recommended). Close to public transport and a rich night life. Conveniently located above an adorable food mart.  WARNING: NO central working heat.   This makes the unit uninhabitable. A 5in by 5in space heater does NOT heat an apartment. This unit is illegally operating. Air BNB has not honored my resolution requests and Don has not honored my request for a refund after we froze all night when the place was mis-listed. He believe I should pay for nights I did not use and stay, I believe I was mis informed about the situation and legal habitability of the unit.  Very kind host! The room is clean and the location is perfect.  I really enjoyed staying at this place. The location was excellent; I was able to walk around and find almost everything I need in a radius of a few blocks. The place was very clean. The place was clean and allowed for a comfortable stay! My only qualm was that the wifi was a little slow, but that shouldnt be a problem if youre planning to be out and about in the city. Everything you need is there. Very clutch  Staying at Dons house was perfect for our 12 night trip to NYC Walking distance to Soho, great restaurants, shops, Williamsburg bridge etc.  The club downstairs on a Friday and Saturday night is extremely loud compared to the really quiet week nights so it was quite a surprise when we got home and the whole apartment was shaking but only from about 11pm-3-4am!  Besides that everything else was fine and as described in the ad.    Great experience, Excellent location. Extremely clean. Def would stay again. Book it! All the reviews on here are pretty accurate. The place is in an amazing location, close to everything. The place is what you see in the picture, which is all I needed. Bed was comfortable enough, I like the big mirrors here, including a full length mirror which I appreciated. Don is pretty responsive so that was nice. Not sure if you can beat the value of staying here. I had a great stay and would come back. Good spacious studio. Right next to a grocery market which was nice. Nice spot thats close to lots of fun nightlife. Even with being so close, its pretty quiet most of the time. That said, it can get pretty noisy at the end of the week when the bar downstairs starts picking up. Plan accordingly. Great place, couldnt be more conveniently located, very responsive, thoughtful host! If you just need a place to crash and will be out until 3 am then this will work great. Like stated in the description There is a club directly under this apartment which blasts music until 3 am. It is very loud and shakes the walls and floors.  Good for young people or people who are going to nyc for the nighlife. Very good location. You have everything you need within a few steps. Above a marketplace, across, 24/7 diner, in the lower east side so surrounded by cool, themed bars like the backroom, the library, mehanata etc. Keep in mind theres no central heat but there are 2 space heaters that were fine for us in st Patricks day.  The shower was better than expected and heats up in a few seconds. I recommend spreading out showers because the hot water sometimes runs out. Very clean and a decent size.  The apartment is in good condition. Clean bed. The pullout futon is not good for people with back or hip problems because of hard center. Recommend putting an air mattress on top.  All in all it is worth the money and worked fine for us.  Dons place is in a good location for the price. Its walkable to soho. NYC is expensive so this place was good value... its the basics you need to get by.. no frills. Bed is comfy, heating was sufficient, hot water heats up- just takes a few mins.   Thanks Don great basic NYC pad :)  Appartement bien situé, à proximité transports, bars, market, mais pas très clean (pas de papier toilette, éponge douteuse..) Na pas tout léquipement mentionné dans lannonce : pas de cafetière Nespresso, ni de blender, ni de Apple TV. La wifi mentionnée dans lappartement nétait pas la bonne. Les douches alternent entre le tiède et leau froide (ce qui réveille me direz-vous !). Le pompon a été une totale absence de Don. Aucun accueil à larrivée, ni pour le départ. Aucune réponse à nos messages davant et pendant notre séjour. Nous avons du lappeler une fois devant lappartement pour connaître lemplacement des clés. Serrure à moitié cassée, pas évident douvrir la porte..  Insonorisation et isolation thermique plus que moyenne. Le sol vibre et il est très dur de trouver le sommeil (même avec boules quies) les soirs douverture de la boîte de nuit du dessous (vendredi et samedi).  En bref : cher pour le rapport qualité prix.  Overall this was a good value. Great location. Many great dining options close by and several subway stops close by. Bed was reasonably comfy.  Unlike others we had to let shower run for 10 mins to get hot water. Also know that loudness at night not limited to weekends. We were there Monday through Wednesday and there were loud gatherings at bar late every night. Not the best with morning meetings. But overall decent value.  This place was very dirty! Hair everywhere in the bathroom. Used shampoo bottles everywhere. The kitchen was a mess and the host was very hard to reach. I would never stay here again. Save your money and find somewhere better. The whole apartment block smelled and it was very noisy  Great location and easy check-in/out. Unfortunately not much hot water during our stays as the building is quite old so had to brave some cold showers. TV was difficult to operate. Otherwise apartment was as expected and in a very convenient and central location for exploring the city. The greatest advantage of the apartment is the location! It is close to metro and every sort of entertainment youd like to experience in New York at night. There are countless numbers of restaurants, bars and nightclubs in the walking distance form the apartment. The only major drawback is that one of the nightclubs is just underneath the place. Which means that on Fridays and Saturdays you will not be able to sleep until 4 a.m. (the time when the music if off) not only because of the noise but also because of the beat that makes walls shaking. As for the rest, it is an Ok place for those who are planning to use it only for sleep over Great value, place is rather small but has everything you need.  Utrolig bra beliggenhet på leiligheten, nær matbutikker, utesteder, kafeer, restauranter og offentlig transport. For oss var det god plass i leiligheten med fasiliteter som wifi, strykejern og paraply til utlån.   Det som trekker ned er at det støyer mye fra nattklubben i underetasjen, vi måtte la vannet renne veldig lenge før det ble varmt, det var til tider vanskelig å få tak i verten og det manglet sengetøy til sovesofaen som forøvrig var svært ubehagelig å sove på.   Nice location, but  very loud wednesday and saturday nights. Great place to stay.  Clean, neat, and just as described.  Don was easy to communicate with and a good host.   This is a perfect minimalistic studio in such a great location! Thank you Don! This apartment is dark tiny and sad. Really dont stay here. The club below is pounding in your head ALL NiGHT LONG. Its an apartment you dont want to spend a minute in. Feels like a back stairwell. The apartment is dirty. But smells like bleach. No fresh air. I had to clean the bathroom floor before taking a shower. I live in New York, so I want to encourage you to find someplace else to stay so you can have a nice impression of the city.  This is completely not worth the money. I was booked for a week but only stayed one night. Never book this House. I tried yo communicate for 3 weeks with the host and Airbnb had to cancel my reservation 48h before the trip cos he was unreachable Amazing location! Don responds promptly. The building isnt fancy, but the studio is cute. Not recommended. Host should give discounts when guests cant shower with hot water, sleep because of noise, and feel relaxed because of those factors. The host told us to shower in the early morning or late at night for hot water... Unacceptable. The excuse “this is an old building” is not a good enough one. The Club downstairs and Dog Day care outside the window do not mix well in terms of noise either. You can’t sleep at night, you can’t sleep in the morning. Nowhere was this mentioned in the listing. We did not feel like it was a holiday when we were inside the apartment. We are in San Francisco right now and for the same price, the apartment is basically double the size, clean,modern, and has a gorgeous view. Suitable for single person, not so much couples. Would not recommend. Do not ever book this place. The apartment is right above a night club that goes on until 4 am. Earplugs won’t help since the vibrations of the bass are sensible in the bed. The apartment is very unclean. Dust and hairs everywhere, mold in de bathroom, old food was left in the kitchen. There was no hot water when I stayed there. The place is falling apart, most furniture and equipment is broken and the promised Nespresso machine and blender are not there. The host is also very hard to reach and when you do, he communicates poorly. I booked this apartment for 10 days but left after 2 nights of no sleep, ice cold showers and not being able to handle to filthiness any longer. Dons place is amazing and very well located. A lot of restaurants and bars and supermarkets. The apartment is also very nice !! Great host great apartment! Lovely studio apartment! It was bigger than we expected which was a great surprise. The only downside, as a lot of other people have mentioned, was the music from the nightclub underneath the apartment which stays open until 4AM! However, overall it was an extremely pleasant stay. Enjoyed my stay at Don’s East Village apartment. The place was clean and very convenient with a comfortable bed. Plenty of hot water too. beautiful place, great location and a very stylish set-up, definitely a great experience!"	0
277	The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great location with excellent bars and restaurants within 2 minutes walk.  A clean apartment with good-sized bedrooms and comfortable beds.  Ground floor apartment so may lack some privacy and can a little noisy at night from passerbys.  Excellent support from the host with dealing with any issues that arose - prompt action.  4 guests may find the living area cramped if you are resting between adventures. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. The apartment was in a superb location! Central to everything.  Clean, tidy and toasty warm!   Would recommend it to anyone. Great value. Appartement très joli, très propre, et très bien situé. Communications faciles. A recommander.	0
278	He told us after we booked we had to be out by 8 am. The apartment was dirty. Hair on kitchen counters. Dust on all floors, grime in bathroom. Dirty toilet. Host claimed there was wifi but there was no wifi. Not even a modem. The bed is very hard. The door to balcony does not lock.  This apartment is well located and bright! Perfect for a long stay as it is spacious.  Salvatore is charming and always available! I recommend this apartment! Fantastic. Exactly as pictured, if not better...  Book this place. Youll be happy you did.  By far the best experience I have ever had on Airbnb. The apartment is in top shape, spacious and the view is awesome. It is close to everything: times square, delis, shops, museums, metro, etc. Salvatore, the host, was very helpful. Overall 10/10! The apartment is very well placed and functional. All you need for a great stay in NY! Everything was PERFECT 10/10!!!!! Thank you to Salvatore. :) Fantastic!	1
279	Nice quiet neighborhood. Decided to stay for 3 days. Great family and texted us asking how we were doing. Didnt care what we did as long as we were comfortable! Almost had the whole apartment to ourselves because the brother living in the other room was almost never home. Spacious nyc room, very clean and not cluttered at all!! Clean bathroom too.  Awesome! Host was great, space was comfortable, neighborhood is wonderful. Our host was nice and the room was nice. But we didnt had sleep cause we smell smoke from the living room and loud laughs from his friend. And we smelled the pillow covers and bed sheet are not washed. The host forgot our clean towels Danny was really nice and helpful. We arrived the place pretty late last night but he still kept the parking spot for us and showed us around.  The room has a private bathroom and it was really convenient. Great experience!   Super polite, super nice and quite host! Very comfortable to stay, nice neighborhood, it was an awesome experience for me! The listing was very accurate and the host was helpful to accommodate my needs. Host was extremely accommodating and helpful. Had a great stay in Harlem. The apartment is centrally located to basically everything you need including the train. Clean room, nice and cool during the summer. I would definitely recommend.  hes very nice and accomodating! also friendly and got a lot to say. the room was clean and really enjoyed netflix. also its just a 5mins walk to the subway.  Excelente habitación, es muy limpia y todos los servicios funcionan. Danny es una persona muy amable. Rigtig sød vært. Han gjorde hvad han kunne, for at få os til at føle os velkommen. Værelset var rigtig fint, med god seng og funktionelt air Condition. Super tæt på metro som kan tage en hele vejen gennem Manhattan.  The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. We stayed there for 2 nights :) the host was very friendly and caring ! :) it was a great first Airbnb try !!!  The bed was great, I loved the pillows ! (Wouldnt mind knowing where he got them from ^^)  Its quiet, and you feel right at home !   Danny was really nice and was always there to answer or help if needed. The room was clean and the bed very comfy. The private bathroom was convenient and clean too.   The apartment is centrally located,  there is only a 5- min-walk to go to the next subway station. Theres a supermarket across the street,  where you can easily buy something to drink or eat.  It was a great experience ! Excelente anfitrión Dany! Siempre al pendiente y muy cómoda la habitación! Muy recomendable!  Ponder was very helpful. He does his best to make sure that we were comfortable.  The house is also very near to a bus stop and subway station.  El barrio es super tranquilo. La habitación y el baño también muy confortable. Nos encanto estar ahí. Volveríamos. el anfitrión siempre muy amable y dispuesto a ayudar.  Alle seine Angaben stimmen zwar, aber es ist viel zu dreckig um sich dort wohl zu fühlen. Ansprüche an Hygiene (besonders im Bad) und Sicherheit (die Zimmertür war kaputt) werden nicht erfüllt. Lage der Wohnung waren in Ordnung, sowie der Kontakt zum Vermieter.  The host was nice and allowed me to check in earlier than expected.  Any issues I had were handled and he even gave me a metro card to ride the bus! Daddy is great. location is near subway station, and its near also in dominos pizza resto and its really tasty. Danny ist sehr netter Typ der einem hilft wo es nur geht. Die Wohnung ist leider nicht ganz so sauber wir beschrieben. Danny was a great host - very accommodating for our unexpectedly delayed arrival.  Great location - easy access to transit - both subway and bus.  Bed was comfy.  Private bath is a private half bath - the shower is down the hall.  Great value!  Oh, and be ready to carry your luggage up a couple flights of stairs.   The landlord is nice. And its very close to the subway. Its convenient to go to downtown area. Very nice host and comfortable stay.  The room was good enough. In the room you have a bed, still with plastic bag on the mattress and thats a little bit  annoying. Have the smart lock for door but the door frame is broken, so its useless. You have a private bathroom but with no shower. The shared bathrom (with shower) its dirty. Horrorosa, horrible!!  Nuestra experiencia  ha sido realmente mala, el apartamento estaba muy sucio, cristales con polvo, puertas rotas con agujeros, agujeros en el techo del baño, cocina y nevera muy sucia. Anuncian que tienen cocina pero no tienen utensilios para cocinar, después  de quejarnos nos proporcionaron platos y vasos de plástico, entraron en la habitación (sin motivo alguno) mientras nosotros estábamos  fuera y nos dimos cuenta de ello ya que nos faltaba el papel del baño. Luego la habitación dónde dormíamos tenía el marco de la puerta rota, dicen que tiene cerradura pero tampoco funciona. En (Website hidden by Airbnb) lo recomendaríamos a nadie!   It is a really dirty place, dust everywhere, too noise. Doors and walls with holes, bedroom door frame broken, kitchen really dirty and there are no cookware. We didnt find the comfort that they announce, so....really disappointing!!!! We dont recommend to anyone.  The host was friendly and accommodating. He answered calls and texts almost immediately. Overall, he was very helpful. Good value and nice location... Room is spacious and its great to have a bathroom attached. Host accommodated our arrival time and helped us find free street parking for the duration of our stay- he was super nice and accessible. Only complaint was the locks, which were a little wonky and hard to navigate. Had a great stay, thank you so much!! Great place to stay, so cozy. Close to the subway. 20 minutes and you are in Times Square. Danny is very polite and attentive. I highly recommend this place to stay in NY  Very nice place to stay. Host was helpful with everything.  Everything is good.  Staying with Danny was great. He is really attentive, you can tell he is keen on making the room as comfortable as possible, and the stay as positive as it can be. The room itself is incredibly nice - large bed, own toilet, ample space in the closet, TV, theres even an iron! The neighborhood is in the middle of harlem, so while it is not the best, people are LOVELY, theres a real community feeling there. I stayed for a few weeks so had some late nights, and at no point did I feel scared to walk home on my own from the 135th Street subway stop. This room comes highly recommended. Its a great place to stay. The host is nice. Danny was amazing. He made sure we were comfortable and had everything we needed.  Host was great! Extremely friendly and accommodated a last minute booking!  Great place and location close to everything very easy to get around, loved the room with its huge flatscreen Apple TV and unlimited Netflix and internet. Very warm home will recommend and will definitely be staying there again once Im back in town. Great Host, Thanks a lot  The room is amazingly comfortable and the hosts are gentle and nice. Good and cheap food all over the neighbourhood. Great stay!  Hôte très sympa mais manque de matériel dans la cuisine et un peu loin du centre  Ubytování ok, jednání ok, bez problémů. :) It was not as expected.  good in general Confortable room in a distant neighborhood.  No Kitchen supplies available. Private bathroom BUT shared shower. Next trip, Will spend more and stay closer to Midtown. Preis-Leistungsverhältnis und Kommunikation waren gut, die Lage in Harlem ist vor allem nachts eher kritisch, generell sollte die Sauberkeit verbessert werden  Danny was really gentle with me and my wife, and his place is a good place to stay in NYC. The room is good, nice bed, tv, the bathroom dont have a shower (as said) but for us it wasnt a problem at all. The neighborhood is a little loud, but we didnt have any problems. There is a deli few steps from the entrance and a good market across the street. The subway station (148th) is one block away, so it was easy to reach the downtown. It was a good stay for the budget, i recommend it! Very nice host Great place to stay if youre out in the city seeing the sights and on vacation. Netflix was a plus and the bed is very comfy. The private toilet and sink a plus as well... and shower in the shared bathroom was very clean. Would recommend this to anyone! It was a good stay. Nice 1/2 bathroom. Everything was close by Danny the host was very helpful. Perfect quality-price. The host is really respectful and nice. He was there to make sure we were ok and if we need anything. The AC is directly in the room. The wifi and the apple tv work very well. We are close by the 3 train, liquor store and supermarket. We also feel safe to be there. We also had our private toilet and sink. We had to share the shower with other people but it was clean and it was always available when we needed it. Good everybody. Like in the description, we smell the smoke but no surprise since we knew it. And it was ok with us.  Thanks Deny( the host ) for being so hospitable and friendly. We made the same day reservation becouse Pacific hotel in china town was awfull and decided to cancel our reservation that we had done before and found this one Great place, great people! Apartment is beautiful. Our stay was very comfortable. Very clean and beautifully decorated. We were able to rest well. Transportation and restaurants and were close by. Would definitely recommend and book again.  Ubytování bylo v pořádku, hostitel byl příjemný a hovorný. Jediné minus bylo v málo vybavené kuchyni, chyběl dokonce i stůl a židle, ale jinak jsme byly spokojené.  The place was pretty nice for our first airbnb experience (:  Close to the metro, nice size room and the private washroom was nice to have. Danny was always there to answer questions. Air conditioning was awesome!  Awesome place to stay! Host was very friendly and helpful! I wish to stay again soon!  Danny is a really friendly guy who made my checkin easy and fluent. The apt is close to subway stations which is very helpful for travelers. And the private bathroom attached is definitely a bonus. Thank you for your great hosting, Danny. Výborná dostupnost na metro (cca 300m). Přímé metro na Time Square nebo Penn Station. Hostitel příjemný a ochotný. Čistota průměr. Celkově spokojenost. Comfort Zone is a place to be king size bed lovely home, clean The location of this place is perfect and very close to the subway station! It is clean, quiet and perfect to come back to after a day in the city! Great hospitality and checkin/out was so simple. Great place and a great host! Un appartement bien placé, à une vingtaine de minutes en métro de Times square. Quartier calme. Danny était toujours joignable et arrangeant. The room was perfect. An incredibly comfy bed complete with Netflix and cable via an Apple TV in the room. Danny made everything from check in to check out as easy as possible. Id love to stay again one day! Note positive: La casa è effettivamente vicina alla metro che permette di raggiungere il centro di Manhattan in circa 20 minuti. La camera è abbastanza grande con due persone ed il bagno provato (wc e lavandino) è molto comodo e tenuto pulito. Danny è stato gentile, ci ha anche aiutato a portare la valigie al piano terra il giorno del checkout. Note negative: Non cè lascensore (lalloggio è al 2° piano effettivo) e le scale sono abbastanza strette. Di notte si sentono molti rumori dalla strada, soprattutto nel weekend, con musica ad alto volume che dura anche fino alle quattro di notte. Non si riesce a capire quante persone abitino nellalloggio. Cè gente che arriva anche in tarda notte urlando e mettendosi a vedere la televisione ad alto volume nella stanza adiacente. Ovviamente la camera non è insonorizzata. My husband and I stayed a few short days in this home during our trip to New York, and we had a blast. Danny was easy going and very accommodating to our needs. We arrived late for check in and he was kind enough to patiently wait for us. The room is as shown on the photos and Danny made the effort to have clean sheets and pillows for us. Great spot to check out local food, and very convenient for trains and grocery shopping. Danny est très accueillant. Le logement est à deux minutes du métro avec une ligne decervant les coins les plus touristiques. Quartier agréable avec des gens sympa. Grande chambre avec le petit plus des toilettes et lavabo privé. Pleins de miroir idéal pour les filles :) Bien, la zona es un poco apartada pero esta bien, facil accesible en subway. La habitación esta bien, y el dueño es amable y educado. Check-in was very easy. The room was exactly what I expected, and the private half bathroom was convenient. The shower is shared, but was not a problem at all! Danny and his brother were very nice, and helpful whenever we needed any help. The location is literally a minute away from the subway station and it made traveling around sooooo easy! I definitely recommend this place to anyone who is visiting New York. Good for the price, just research your trip before hand. You get what you pay for.  The owner is very nice and was always friendly.  The door lock was nice, but wasn’t executed as well as I would like. When we would come home typically later in the evening the top part of the front door would be locked so we would have to knock to be let in. Great stay, close to subway line 3. Unfortunately neighborhood doesn’t seem to be very friendly. Geen slechte plek qua logistiek en charme als je open staat voor wat authentieke harlem sferen. Its a ok place to stay close to metro station. Nous avons facilement trouver limmeuble dans le quartier et nous avons été bien accueilli. La petit coin deau avec les toilettes étaient propre, le lit était confortable cependant nous avons remarqué des tâches sur un oreiller ainsi que sur un drap, nous avons également trouvé des cheveux dans les draps.  Mis à part ça, rien à redire. Quartier très bien desservi. Hôte très arrangeant et agréable. Arrivée très tardive et possibilité de laisser les bagages plusieurs heures après l’heure convenue. Mais la propreté n’est pas au rendez vous dans les WC et salle de bain. Poussières partout dans la chambre. I had a good stay. would do it again 离地铁站很近,交通方便,对面就有一个超市,房东也很nice The location was perfect for us. The subway was a block away and we took full advantage of it. Danny let us do our own thing for our entire stay but he was always there in case we needed anything. The room itself was great. Clean bed sheets, comfortable mattress and pillows, we slept soundly. The private half bathroom was also an awesome touch. I truly think we got our moneys worth staying here and highly recommend it to anyone thinking of visiting the city. Comfortable, accessible, private, clean, accurate. The communication between me and the host was amazing. He made it feel like we were home good location will book again Great place to stay ! Host was great as well ! Proximity to the subway station, attached semi restroom, access to the kitchen, flexible check in time: great for 2 travellers on a short visit. Really nice host, we booked very late in the day after a last minute cancellation but he was still able to accommodate us. I also had an appointment in the afternoon and he was very gracious about extending checkout by an hour so I didnt have to wait in the cold outside Pretty cool second time Ive been here. Good location, bed very comfortable and host very kind. Host was great very accommodating area felt very comfortable close to supermarkets and places to eat cant wait to my next return Love the home feeling when I stay.	1
280	William was a fabulous host, extremely accommodating and available to answer any questions or concerns.  The accommodations themselves were amazing, in an amazing neighborhood.  It would be my first choice to stay again and would recommend it to anyone. You cannot go wrong staying at Williams place.  Not only is it beautiful, spacious and newly renovated (the pictures do not do it justice) but it has a private backyard (which is priceless in New York) and is in one of the nicest neighborhoods in the City.  The place was so great and William was such an gracious host that we opted to stay another week on our original trip. Simply put, if you are planning a trip to New York or Brooklyn, there is nothing comparable to Williams place on AirBnB. If his place has vacancy, you should book it immediately! William was very helpful and the brownstone was great. Thanks again. Our family of four stayed two weeks in Williams apartment and it was perfect for us.  Its in a great neighborhood and much nicer than shown in the pictures.  William is incredibly responsive and very easy to deal to with.  I highly recommend! Fantastically renovated clean, spacious 2 bedroom we had a great time in with our family+dog.  Location is perfect right by tons of subway lines and restaurants, highly recommended for a South Brooklyn visit.  It’s even nicer than the pics indicate, trust me :-) The host was very cool, spot and backyard and neighborhood were great. Clean and nice place with extra towels. Would definitely recommend. Thanks again. William was a great host.  He was very responsive and accommodating.  The apartment is in a great location, very clean, and much bigger than it looks in the pictures.  We would definitely consider staying again.	1
281	Sajad and his roommate were both great hosts and made me feel very welcome in their home. The apartment is very spacious and I would highly recommend this place to anyone.  The entire experience was wonderful!!! The host was approachable, but have me my space. I highly recommend the experience! Sajad and his housemate were very gentle and nice to me. The house is very clean and comfortable. I had a great time during my stay in his house. It was my first time using  Airbnb and i must say it was value for money, convenient and got to meet some great people.  I recommend it to  everyone. I would pick this place anytime its available whenever Im in New York City. The guys were very nice, very welcoming,and I felt super safe! The apt was very clean and the communication was perfect! I couldnt have asked for a better apt to stay in while I was away from my home. Anyone would love this apt! The host canceled this reservation 75 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Tout est exactement comme sur les photos, de plus que sajad sest montré très accueillant et disponible lorsque je faisais appel a lui, je le recommande à tous Great place, highly recommend it! Clean, close to the 1 train, close to Washington Heights, very cool hosts, washing drying machine in the apartment, very convenient! Great value for money. The apartment is excellent, very well located, although not in downtown it is just a few blocks from the Subway station from where you can travel very easily. Sajad and his roommates were really kind and respectful of our privacy. The apartment is really nice and clean. Really advisable! I had a great stay at Sajads. He was able to accommodate my last minute change in time of my check in. He was there to greet me and show me the place. The room is clean and very warm! His roommates are friendly and nice! They were always offering my girlfriend and I food, coffee, and made sure we had heat in the room. The place has a washer and dryer so we were able to wash our clothes before we left. The area is nice. Close to stores and food. Not far walk from the subway station. I would stay here again! Sajads place was very nice for a 2 day stay in NYC. Quick access to everything from The Metropolitan Opera, to the LES, youll be at your destination in 20-40 min. My only complaint was that the linens he provided were not very clean and my being a neat freak, it drive me nuts! As long as you bring your own shower soap and towels, this place is great for a quick visit. Would defo stay again! Thank you, Sajad! Really nice people! Lovely apartment! The place is modern and stylish and close to the D and 1 train. Everything went smoothly and is great value for the price. Super host in a nice apartment in lovely part of the city. The location is quiet, but close to everything you need while staying uptown, highly recommended.	1
282	Juan was the best hoster I have ever seen so far, there was nothing he had not thought of and the place was all new and completely clean, and we were the first guests at this house he had recieved us exellent. The other place of him where I stayed at was also a big reason to choose Juan again as a hoster. Small things and big help made the place almost more domestic than home and makes me definetly come again when I come to New York. The house is just 2 min away from the metro station which is surrounded by shops of any need. Always again! This was our first airbnb booking! Was amazing. Juan is very friendly. The room was spacious and clean. In the room is a big balcon, TV, fridge, wardrobe and windmill. Near is Subway, Delicious bakery, pharmacy, shops. The neighborhood is safety and People are very nice. We recommended this place and would like to stay again when we come back to NY :) Totally Stayed 7 nights. Host gave us whole private space and had Good Communication with each other. The location of house is very convenient. Walk to subway 5 mins. There are many venders and a big supermarket. Room is very clean and big for two people. Need to bring personal goods like as toothbrush. Have balcony, but no laundry room.  Logement fidèle aux photos, assez éloignée du centre de Manhattan donc attendez vous à passer du temps dans les transports (environ 2h pour se rendre au Ferry pour la Statut de La Liberté et autres activités environnantes). Dans lensemble nous avons passé un bon séjour chez Juan. Cest un hôte très disponible et agréable, accueillant. Vous aurez à dispo de quoi conserver des choses aux frais, un micro onde en bas et une FONTAINE DEAU (nécessaire lété).   Great kind host! Had a great stay! Room & location was as described. Conveniently located down the street from various delis/pharmacies/grocery stores. Juan was a great host, took the time to answer questions & make recommendations. Had a great time, will be back again!  Juans place was a great value. About a 2 minute walk to the 6 train going into Manhattan. Juan was very communicative and easy to get a hold of if we needed anything.   Excellent séjour chez Juan! Cest un hôte très accueillant, qui a le coeur sur la main et fait tout son possible pour le bien être de ses hôtes. La chambre est exactement comme décrite dans lannonce, avec la clim et un frigo, très utile à New York en été ! Le quartier est très agréable et vous pourrez facilement vous déplacer grâce au métro qui sarrête à deux pas du logement. Merci encore Juan pour ce fabuleux séjour! Absolutely amazing host! Juan is friendly, funny, kind, and went above and beyond to help us - were now proud to call him our friend. We were fortunate enough to spend some time with him out in Manhattan, the Bronx, and City Island -if you get the opportunity dont pass on an evening out with Juan.  The house was kept clean and tidy, the rooms have air conditioning, wifi, smart tv, and towels provided. Downstairs, filtered water, a keurig machine and a microwave were readily available.  The location is ideal as its just around the corner from a subway station were the 6 train can take you straight to Manhattan. Amongst the shops theres a nice pizza place and a 24hr dunkin donuts which was very convenient.   Thank you again for being the best super-host, hope to see you very soon,  Nayyar and Honey We stayed for a full week at Juans place and it was perfect! He was very friendly and we had a lot of fun :) Thank you so much Juan! :) Our stay in NYC was great and the time in the Bronx made it even more authentic. We would totally recommend it. Juan is a super host all the way!!! He knows the area and he is always available if you have any questions. Thank you Juan!! Youll be 100% recommended! Juan is a great host. His place is clean and the room is very nice. Juan helped us with all of our questions and he even took us around. He used a lot of his time on us and we really appreciate that. We can really recommend staying in his house. great place to stay for less! Juans place was clean, comfortable, and he had everything you need.  He is super nice, accommodating, and helpful.    The neighborhood is well, the bronx This was mine and my boyfriend first experience with Airbnb and it was really a great one! Juan is really friendly, helpful and kind and you can ask him about anything. The room was clean and comfortable and towels were provided there aswell. The Subway was only like 5 min away, and it took about 45 min to get to Manhatten. We felt it took a bit of time to get to Manhatten, but if you are used to commuting time then I dont think it will be a problem. People was really friendly and helpful so we really enjoyed our stay in New York and at Juans place! Nice place for an affordable stay in NY. Juans home is at the center of a culturalky-mixed neighborhood. It is lively and busy right around the corner from the house. There are many stores, a big supermarket, street vendors and a Spanish style bakery right at the corner. Buses and the #6 train are just 1 block away. There are several restaurant offering dofferent cuisines. I love the convenience of everything. The place is clean, inviting, comfortable, convenient and Juan does all that he can to make your stay awesome. Here to help, anything you need. Great location. Great host. As always this space is clean, organized, cozy and extremely user friendly. You never have to worry about being cold in the winter. The rooms are warm. Bedding is clean, enviroent inside the house is immaculate. Juan is personable, helpful and accomodating thats why weve stayed 7 times plus at his sisters spot. Excellent value. Juan was very accommodating about preparing his place for my friend to stay in last-minute. The room was clean, spacious, and quiet, and my friend was totally satisfied. Everything was good except for the rodents The house has 1 flight of inaide stairs up to super clean and welcoming rooma. Nice sized tv, clean refrigerator and comfy beds.	1
283	The apartment was nice! It is spacious and corresponds to description and photos of the advertisement. The location is perfect, near tho the subway and the zone is ok; you can find anything you need (supermarket, restaurants...). All has been prepared by Tammy and her team for our arrival. Thanks to them. Very professional. Pictures same as the actual unit. Building manager Bonaya was a pleasure to deal with. Will definitely stay here again! Very convenient to the subway, vibrant neighbourhood, Im a little tiny white woman and I wandered around alone without any worries.  Kind of loud with the windows open, but there is always the A/C option and heaters/fans are provided. Apartment was clean and had everything necessary for basic cookery.  Titi (manager who met us) was very gracious despite our late arrival (pro tip - make sure you are on a red 2 or red 3 train as you head uptown, the red 1 line takes you 8-10 blocks west of where you want to be). Super séjour à New-York sur Lenox Avenue, le quartier est super, vraiment animé avec des bons restaurants à proximité et la possibilité de faire du shopping.  Les lits nétaient pas tous très confortables et il manquait un peu de vaisselle (4 tasses) mais sinon tout était en ordre et on se sentait bien dans cet appartement. On a aimé loger chez Tammy! Merci! Nice apartment in good location. Big enough for a family with 5 persons. Very close to the subway. Contact with our host only per phone and mail. I planned a trip with 5 of my girlfriends and stayed at this apartment. It was exactly as described- very close to subways which made getting around very easy; spacious enough for all of us to stay comfortably; washer/dryer definitely came in handy! Tammy and the on site manager were easy to get a hold of. I would definitely recommend this place to others coming to visit :) Thanks for the great time Tammy!! We spent tr  The apartment is as described in the announcement and looks like the pictures : sunny, large and comfortable. Living there is a good opportunity to meet true New Yorkers and not tourists.  Tammy and Titi are available and efficient.   -- Español --  Estoy muy contento de haber tratado con Tammy, es una persona muy profesional, eficiente y comunicativa. Rápidamente respondió a todas mis preguntas y siempre estuvo disponible para echar una mano.    El apartamento es tal y como aparece en las fotos y como es descrito, es enorme tratándose de Manhattan y está muy bien equipado. Nos alojamos un total de 6 personas y un bebé. Además tiene muy muy cerca una estación de metro y varios supermercados. Realmente se lo recomiendo a aquellos que vayan a visitar la ciudad. Sin dudas volverá alojarme allí.    El vecindario es fabuloso,  es un barrio muy tranquilo y familiar, la gente es simpática y están dispuestos a ayudarte para cualquier cosa, Harlem es un sitio ideal para vivir en Nueva York.     -----  -- English --  Im very happy to have dealt with Tammy, she is very professional, efficient and has very good communication skills. She quickly answered all my questions and she was always available to help  me.    The apartment is exactly as it appears in the pictures and described. For Manhattan, this apartment is huge and its well equipped. We stayed there a total of 6 people and a baby. A subway station, supermarkets and stores are very close. I really recommended it. Ill stay there again.    The neighborhood is nice, very quiet and homey, people there are very friendly and theyre willing to help you for anything. Harlem is great to live in New York.	0
284	It was very pleasant: clean space, quiet and cozy. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. This was a very comfortable stay!  Its located conveniently right in between two train lines. The apartment is so cute and cozy and was accurate to all the photos online. The bed was comfortable and I slept very well in the complete darkness because there are no windows in the bedroom. I hope to book it again the next time Im in Brooklyn, for location, comfort and aesthetic. I felt right at home! My best stay ever! I slept better than in my own bed. The queen-size memory foam massaged my body all night!  Cozy, clean, and inspiring, I had the whole apartment to myself pretty much.  Gretchen is great! She’s a very considerate host. She communicated with me before I headed towards her and made sure everything was okay with me during my stay.  Thanks Gretchen! Great host! Good times! lovely place The place is conveniently located only 5mins from the subway station. Gretchen is super quick to respond to questions and flexible on the check-in time. The room is without the window and cannot control the temp, but has a fan to cool it down when it gets too hot so it wasnt a problem. The place is so cute and has enough privacy since the host is using a seperate entrance. Overall a pleasant stay. Thank you! Great host, great place and judging from the pictures great taste in music :)	1
285	"Stayed for 2 Nights at Helene and Kevins place and liked it very much!    Kevin and Helene were great hosts - Helene made sure that everything went smoothly, even with my special requests (*very* early arrival on a saturday and leaving in the middle of a weekday).    The room is small but very quiet, clean and with a nice & comfy bed. You will share the bathroom with the guest(s) in the other room, if there are some.   The appartment is old but well looked after and nicely furnished. There is a full equipped kitchen, fridge, storage etc. if you want to cook - didnt need it for my short trip though.    The appartment is located in a quiet and nice street - the surrounding area is ok, depends on what you are used to. I felt safe at night. Subway station Nostrand Ave is just around the corner which is excellent, especially as the A (express) train stops there. That means easy access to Manhatten and JFK airport.    Overall my stay was very pleasant and hassle-free. Thanks again Helene & Kevin! We stayed a month at Helenes and Kevins place and it was just great!  We really loved the apartment, beautiful,artistic, spacious and very sunny.  And so was our room.  And the balcony was just perfect after running around in the city all day:-)  The neighborhood is safe, funky and conveniently connected 2 blocks from the A,express train.  Helene and Kevin are great too, helpful, fun to be around and laid back!  We hope to be back and absolutely recommend!!!  Merci!!!  Carolina & Davide Was an incredible experience, stayed for 5 days.  The apartment is very comfortable, bright, clean and tidy  The balcony was our favorite part  The location is unbeatable, you have the subway a block and those close to everything, the neighborhood is super safe.  if you go to NY you have  to stay there!!! Kevin was very kind to allow me to book my reservation for my parents (who were not AirBnB savvy).  My parents really enjoyed their first experience with AirBnB and thought they were great hosts.      I would definitely stay there or book this again for my friends or family. I was in NYC for 4 days with a friend and we stayed at Kevin and Helenes. They were helpful leading up to the trip and accommodated our early arrival. The place was a 1 minute walk from the subway which was great. Place was clean, looked like the pictures and we felt very safe and at home.  Helene and Kevin are great hosts and such lovely and friendly persons ! At the same time, totally respectuf of your privacy, and attentionate to any needing you may have during your stay. I’ve been at their appartement for a month and an half ,  and I’ll definetively choose again this accomodation  for my next trip in NY ! The appartement is bright and clean, as it appears in the pictures , and the bed in the room is confortable.  A e C trains are very closed to the place so that you can easily go to Manhattan at any time. I will highly recommend !  Kevin and Helen are great host. Thanks again for your welcome. Location is convenient, close to sub.way.  Didier kevin and helene were very nice hosts, their place is really beautiful and quiet. we loved staying there, we also liked the neighbourhood and the people around.our ny experience was really cool, so well definitely come back. thank you! we recommend their apartment! If youre looking for a nice room in a wonderful apartment, a multicultural, typical New York neighborhood and a moderate price for all of that - stay at one of Kevins and Helenes apartments. Theyre uncomplicated, easy-going people and we can highly recommend to stay with them! Helene and Kevin are good hosts, friendly and helpfully. The home is very close to the subway stop and you can arrive in Midtown in 15 minutes.  The apartment is big, brigh with every amenities. Very nice apartment. Helene and Kevin were very nice. Helene and Kevin were great hosts. The room was just as it was listed. They respected the guests privacy although they live above the apartment. They didnt check in without a heads up and on rare occasion. They took responsibility for small repair and maintenance work throughout the apartment (replacing light bulbs, fixing water heater, etc.) I enjoyed my 6 month stay here and would most likely live here again. Our (my boyfriend and I) experience at Hélène’s place was ok. It’s actually a flat she and her husband are renting downstairs for people. It’s not in their own place. We got to see them 2 or 3 times. On the « House Rules » paper we had in our bed on the first day, it says that you are allowed to have guests coming over, just need to tell them.     Well, when I asked if my little sister can stay over, Hélène told me no and told me she could couchsurfing which if I found a little bit unexpected.     We had the feeling that this experience was not really an « Airbnb experience » but was more a ""make money » experience as you need to pay extra money if you want AC in your room only during summer time when it’s the hottest time of the year in NYC. I guess when it’s spring, you don’t.     During our 3 months and half stay in NY, we switched places 4 times and that’s the first time we were asked to pay. Hopefully, one of the girls we were sharing the apartment with nicely offered to let her door open for us to have some fresh air.     The laundry and the dryer in the basement are not working very well and ruined some of our clothes + you need to pay $2 for each (this is not written in the description). It’s cheaper to go to the laundry mat located one block away.     The kitchen really needs more kitchen supplies. One pan and one drying pan for 5 people sharing a kitchen is quite not enough.     One of the worse thing was really the low and poor internet connection. The flat doesn’t have its own router. It’s just an extender of their own router located on 3rd floor. For 5 or 6 people that’s not powerful enough. I needed to send really big important documents for my work and I couldn’t. And this is really annoying, especially when you’re a foreigner and you don’t have a local 4G. It never changed although I’ve texted Helene about it.     The toilet is in the bathroom and it can create schedule problems in the morning.     On your last day, you are asked to wash your bed linen, swipe the floor and do the dust. Also first time we were asked to do so.   Switching neighborhoods and places gave us a good opinion to compare the market prices and talking to people from NY as well, so we can say that this place is a little bit over the price for the prestation.     The good thing is that it’s really not far from Manhattan. In less than 20minutes you can be in Canal Street.   If you have a netflix account, you can enjoy the TV in the common living room.   The room is furnished with bed linen and towels which is nice. A cleaning lady comes once a week and this is also great!      The host was really nice. However, the neighborhood was dangerous to women. Even though the house located near by the ACE. Helene and Kevin were very welcoming and flexible with both our check-in and check-out time. The location was awesome, only 4 stops away from Manhatten. We definitely enjoyed the privacy and comfort."	0
286	Maria was really nice to us, making our trip great. I would come back and recommend it ! Mari nous à très bien accueillis. Nous sommes arrivés de bonne heure à New York et on a pu directement déposer nos affaires chez elle.  La maison est situé à 30 minutes en métro de Time Square, ce qui est vraiment top!   La chambre est confortable et vous offre tous ce dont vous avez besoin.  Maria est une hôte vraiment très agréable qui nous a donnée beaucoup de conseils pour notre séjour. Merci encore à Maria.    Maria was great! She was home when we got there and gave us a quick tour of the place. The room was nice and clean, exactly like the photos. The house was only a 5 min walk away from the subway,  so it was very easy to get around NYC. I cant say enough how great Maria was, so nice and accommodating. I highly recommend staying with her! Stayed at Marias amazing place for 3 days and decided to extend my stay for a further week. Although its slightly pricey, we decided to stay here because of 3 reasons.  1. Maria is a brilliant host! Thank you very much. 2. Location is perfect. The N and Q train is just 2 blocks away and can take you to manhattan in 15 minutes. Many restaurants are nearby and you also have a laundrymat outlet a few minutes away.  3. Safe place !!! Just a few negatives .... Although its fall season and the weather is pretty chill... We wanted an ac but we found out it doesnt work.  Another negative .. If you are a tall person you better be careful about the ceiling . Ive hit my head almost 10 times.  Overall the stay was good but felt the price to be a little expensive compared to similar places in astoria.  Would definitely recommend it! Really loved Marias places! So I booked another 6 nights. Location location location!!! Best location and very close to the manhattan approx 15minutes away. Overall stay was much better! Loved the place HIGHLY recommended. You cant find a better host than Maria! She dealt with my previous problems immediately! Thank you very much! Nothing negative! Maria is an excellent  host. Great location and very safe!  Thanks again maria for letting us stay at your wonderful place :) Loved Marias place ! So I booked it for my brother. Nothing negative. Its an amazing place and highly recommended! Location is perfect.... very safe. Maria is a brilliant host. She really knows how to deal with guests and keep them comfortable. Ive stayed in some other airbnb places and found Marias place to be the best! Clean and quite. Close to manhattan. Subway station N & Q is just 2 blocks away and takes you to manhattan. Plus there are many food and supermarkets close by. Favourite  is an early morning brazilian roast with hazelnut milk from 7 eleven  The place was exactly as described! When we showed up Maria greeted us, showed us around and gave us some tips about the area. The next morning, she had also bought some food for us for breakfast. She was very nice, and the place was clean and quiet. Even though she was still around, she was very unobtrusive. Maria is an excellent hostess, very kind, concerned and friendly. He gave very good tips. His house is very tidy and comfortable and very close to the subway. We loved and return to Astoria stay in your house for sure. I stayed 1 week at her place. It was really comfortable and clean. Maria is a great host, very kind and she showed me around the neighborhood. The house is in s great location, I highly recommended, I would stay here again, thank you Maria!!! Maria is a very kind, funny and thoughtful host. I really enjoyed spending time with her.  Her home us very clean and organized. She gave us a tour of the neighborhood,  thought us how to use the train system and even let us use her phone charger one night. Overall a very good experience. I will miss you Maria! :) We definitely recommend this place. Our reservation had been cancelled the day before our flight and Maria was kind enough to let us stay at a last minutes request. My boyfriend and I stayed with her for a week. She is such a friendly and open person, and we had a lovely time living with her! She was very patient with our arrival being hours later than we had predicted. She even provided breakfast items such as OJ, ham, cookies, bread, cheese, strawberries, butter and milk. She always encouraged us to let her know if there was anything we needed; although laundry (there is a laundromat one block away) wasnt included in the amenities, we texted her and she replied very quickly and let us use her detergent and fabric scented sheet for the dryer anyway. We felt very comfortable. She left home early in the morning and was gone until dinnertime during the weekdays, so we only interacted with her during nights and weekends. The only two features Id worry about is the space being in the basement and the lack of air conditioning. We both had no signal with AT&T and it can be humid and difficult when the weather reaches the 90s, although there are three powerful fans. Un grand merci à Maria pour son accueil formidable, elle nous a fait visiter le quartier, nous a aidé à nous fournir des cartes de métro, presenté les commerces de proximité. La chambre est très propre, proche du métro et à 10-15 minutes de Manhattan. Excellente hôte. Thanks for all Maria! Nous reviendrons! Maria was great!  She met us at the end of the block and walked us to her home.  She gave us a quick tour of the house and was very accommodating of anything we needed!  We brought our own breakfast but she had coffee and juice and grapes for us!  Shes fun to talk to too - as she is from Brazil and has really interesting experiences so we enjoyed getting to know her.  She was available for questions or directions anytime via airbnb messages or via text.  Really, she was an ideal host. Very helpful, kind, and went above and beyond to make sure we were comfortable and had a great time in NYC!   María superó todas la expectativas. La estadía fue satisfactoria desde el momento en que reservamos. María es una anfitriona excelente, nos esperó el día que llegábamos y nos brindó toda la ayuda necesaria para aprender a movernos por la ciudad y conocer el barrio donde vivíamos. Nos acompaño y cuido durante la estadía.   En cuanto al departamento, es tal cual como se ve en las fotos, cómodo, limpio, ordenador y cerca de Manhattan. La estación de subte esta a dos cuadras. El barrio es tranquilo y seguro las 24hs, locales comerciales varios cerca de la casa.  Sumamente recomendable! Ninguna crítica.  A estadia foi excelente. A casa é arrumada e limpa, e a Maria nos recebeu da melhor forma possível. Ela não poupou esforços para nos deixar a vontade e deu dicas interessantes do bairro e da cidade.  O bairro é bem localizado, com comércio (mercados, padarias, lojas) e metrô muito próximos. O acesso a Manhattan é fácil e leva cerca de 30 minutos dependendo do destino.  Recomendo fortemente, pela localização, limpeza e pela receptividade da Maria. Let me tell yo something, My stay with Maria has been my best experience with AirBnb.    The apartment is just like the pictures, clean, cozy, warm, etc. is located in  Astoria,  you can take the N, W train and in 15 min can reach the center of Manhattan.    Maria is super friendly, she provides you all the information about the neighborhood, tips about weather, city, attractions, maps, taxis etc. She always stays in contact with you for any question you have.     Definitely We felt at home during our stay with Maria    Thank you so much Maria! Maria was a superkind host, the appartment was very cozy and tidy, and the neighbourhood (Queens) very close by Metro to Manhattan (20 min) I highly reccommend this appartment specially for a couple or two friends that want to know in a couple of days all the beauties of Manhattan and suburbs. Maria is super nice, she always wants to help! She prepared a subway map for me and took me to the subway station the first day. The house is clean, and she likes to share. The subway station is very close to her house and its very easy to go anywhere in NY.  My friend and I stayed at Marias place for a week and both of us so satisfy. Everything was perfect to stay there. Especially the train is near by the house so we could save a lot of time. Nuestra estancia en casa de Maria fue genial. Maria es muy amable y atenta y está pendiente de todo detalle. Nos trató genial.  El apartamento se encuentra en un barrio tranquilo muy cerca de una estación de metro desde donde se puede llegar al centro de Manhattam rápidamente.  Si estuviera buscando apartamento en Nueva york no dudaría en quedarme otra vez aquí. :)  So great!   Maria in an excellent host - really clear in her communication and actively reached out to me on check in times and my travel plans. Shes so lovely and willing to offer any advice on the area.   The apartment itself - awesome location, literally blocks away from the 30th avenue subway which takes you directly into Manhattan on the N or W. Comfy beds, super clean and Maria really does have everything you may need e.g. Towels, hangers, toiletries.   Cant recommend this place enough!  If youre looking for cozy apartment with a warm and communicative host then youre in the right spot. Clean place, morning coffee, evening fresh smoothie, Maria makes all. We got in the late evening to her place and she took us around to get to know the neighborhood even in the late ours. She provided us with tips whenever we asked for them and told us best ways how to manage through town or places we can go and see. Place was nice, clean, with everything we needed. Her place is relatively close to Manhattan since were talking about Astoria here. Dont hesitate to ask because she knows all the answers! Ive recommend anyone to come to Marias place    If you are looking for a clean apartment, very attentive host and a top connection to Manhattan then you are just found it! Maria’s apartment is very nice and clean. You feel home right away. It is a walk-down apartment, which we really enjoyed during the hot summer days. Although we didn’t meet Maria personally, she stayed in touch with us trough the whole time. Maria’s cousin Rosi who lives above took lovely care of us the whole time as well. We were being helped with everything we needed through the entire week. We definitely will come back to Maria’s place and recommend it highly. Thank you Maria! Thank you Rosi! The room is good and comfortable, and convenient to Manhattan. A good place and a goog host for you to choice. Excelente quarto, exatamente como descrito no perfil. Maria foi excepcional! Foi a primeira vez que o dono de um apartamento/quarto, verdadeiramente, deu dicas preciosas acerca do transporte público. Uma explanação muito didática acerca do confuso sistema de Nova York, bem como dicas gerais sobre a cidade e o distrito de Astoria (Queens). Falando em Astoria, afirmo: Amei o lugar! Existem restaurantes para todos os gostos e supermercados 24h. E o melhor, os preços são mais acessíveis que em Manhattan. Ah! A linha de metrô próximo a casa é ótima para ir aos principais pontos turísticos, nem era preciso pegar outro trem para visitar o Central Park (próximo a loja da Apple), Rockefeller Center, Empire State Building, Times Square, etc. Ótimo custo benefício!! Recomendo!! If you are looking for a place to stay in NYC.. look no more. María Is the best host you can find. The house is confortable, near the subway, clean, organized. Is the best place.	1
287	Adriana was so nice and helpful. She made us feel comfortable right away. Her apartment is in a great location in Brooklyn. It was super clean and the cozy bed was the best! Well definitely stay with her again the next time were in Brooklyn! My girlfriend and I really enjoyed our stay with Adriana! She was a great host and went out of her way to be very helpful and considerate. It was a privilege to meet her!  Her apartment is down in bay ridge which is a nice quiet area about an hour from central Manhattan on the subway. If you dont mind being a bit out of the centre of NY then its really easy. The room itself is nice and spacious. Youll probably be sharing the apartment with a few other guests but we never had a problem with noise or bathroom queues etc. There are also two sausage dogs that are pretty awesome - and Im not much of a dog person!  Id definitely recommend staying here if youre after a place thats reasonably priced and not right in the centre of town.   Thanks Adriana! Adriana is a great host. She gave me a lot of useful suggestions for traveling and renting a room. We had a short  but happy time in her house. My wife actually took this trip, this is her review:    This was my first solo visit to NYC. And it was a good one. Adriana made me feel at home, and made sure she was more a friend than just someone renting out her place. We had quite a few enjoyable chats as she gave me the highs and lows of living in NYC. The room and apartment is really great, and just a quick walk to the metro. Its also a safe neighborhood, and I was comfortable walking alone late at night. If I ever visit NYC again, Adriana would be my first option always! Very good hostess, feels like home! Nice place to stay, very clean and a good location. She has good ideas to visit and likes to tell you more. Once we will come back than we will definitely stay here.  Adriana is a great and lovely host. She gave us a lot of useful suggestions for traveling and went out of her way to be very helpful and considerate. Everthing was clean and we had a great view from our bedroom to the verrazano bridge. The apartment is in a great location in Brooklyn everything is near, shopping, Diner etc. Just 1min walk to Subway! We had a great time, hopefully not the last time! It was a great pleasure to meet Adriana and the other guests.     Thanks Adriana! I am delighted to know someone like Adriana, let alone the experience I had at her place. She is a wonderful person and a very caring host. The house is always clean and tidy and room is as shown in the pictures. The subway station is just on the corner and runs for 24 hours. Close to all amenities, supermarket, cafes and everything else you need. Manhattan is a one hour metro ride from her place. The neighborhood is very safe. I would highly recommend her place if you are looking for a place in New York with no head aches. Adriana always took the time to help me to get my way around the city and she gave me such a good recommendations! Thank you Adriana for hosting me and making me feel like home!  Adriana was amazing host, good friend and really she make us feel that we are not far from home. The room and all the apartment is very nice, clean and sunny. also the area is safe and u can find whatever u want any time. If I will come for a 100 time to NYC I will stay in Adriana place. Thank u Adriana for every thing U did we loved staying and talking to u and will be always in touch cause you are  such a great host. A Adriana é uma anfitriã incrível. Além de simpática, ela não só se preocupou comigo e com a minha irmã durante os dias que ficamos lá, dando dicas de passeios e lugares para visitar, como também antes e depois da nossa viagem. E ela sempre esteve disposta a ajudar e fornecer tudo o que precisávamos e mais - como chá, bolos e guloseimas, e itens de higiene como cotonete e algodão. O apartamento é bem limpo e aconchegante; e está muito bem localizado e fica em uma área segura, pois está em próximo da estação metrô e de comércios que funcionam 24 horas. Altamente recomendo a estadia com a Adriana e pretendo voltar novamente!!  Muito obrigada, Adriana. Adriana was my first host.     Im thankfull I chose her to be my first air BnB host- she is welcoming and made me feel home right away. She helped me with every question I had. She gives some insider tipps. The room was like in the pictures its a cosy and charming apartment that gives you all you need (like home). The neighborhood is super cute and gives you all you need. The subway is around the corner and it takes less than 40Minutes to Manhattan which you wont feel at all.     When I come back to Manhattan Adriana ll be my first choice again. Thank you again for everything you enriched my trip!     Lots of love   Leila  I rented these house for my parents. These is what they wrote:  Our first travel experience with airbnb was very enjoyable. Our host Adriana  was very attentive to us. The flat is very comfortable and atmosphere in it is peaceful. Also it’s located in best district of Brooklyn with beautiful view on Verrezano Bridge and is in 2 minutes walk from subway station. There are many cafes, diners and restaurants nearby. We had light room with all necessary furniture and many accessories which are very important when you are travelling. The kitchen and living room and balcony were also very useful, we could prepare meal for us and take pleasure with coffee on balcony.  The cleanness of the rooms, kitchen and especially bath room was on high level. Our Host Adriana was always ready to help us in any time.  She give us many useful  and practical advices regarding public transport and  interesting places  in NYC. She is very kind, creative and interesting person and you fill yourself as you are the member of her family. Her pets  Junior and Daisy are well-brought-up and never disturb you, they are very nice and we love them.  Adriana, Thank you very much. We love you!!!  With best wishes,  Nino, Zura  Tbilisi Georgia.  I highly recommend these apartment! You gonna feel yourself like at home. Thank you for everything Adriana! Local excelente !!  A Adriana é uma pessoa muito agradável, e sempre disposta a nos ajudar com dicas e tudo o mais.  Um casa muito aconchegante. Nota 10. Recomendo. Adriana, was the most amazing host.  My private room in her apartment felt like my home away from home. I stayed with her for three months while interning in Brooklyn Heights. Although it was a long commute to and from work, the short walk to the end of the block to the subway was fantastic. Also, the Bay Ridge area was wonderful. It was quiet and peaceful compared to the center of Brooklyn and Manhattan (and more affordable). Adriana was so kind and warm, I thoroughly enjoyed her company throughout my stay. As a host, she thought of every comfort, such as checking up on me when I was out or working late, providing six different pillows to choose from on the bed, blackout curtains on the window, and much more. Even though the apartment is spotless, the extra cleaning fee was so worth it. Every week, Adriana would give me fresh linens, clean sheets, and make my bed beautifully. Also the access to the washer and dryer was fabulous and was a major convenience that you rarely can find in NYC. Throughout my stay, I was able to find everything I needed in the kitchen, relax in the living room with her dogs(Daisy and Junior), and enjoy the view on her balcony.  I even had a few guests visit me while in New York and Adriana was just as accommodating and welcoming. I really could not have asked for a more gracious and accommodating host. All in all, my experience with Adriana and her place was incredible. I do not have one complaint about staying there. If you are wanting or in need of an affordable place to live in Brooklyn for a short or long time frame, you need not to look any further. This is the greatest accommodation you could ask for and I am so lucky that she had the availability. I look forward to staying with her again in the future! Adriana was amazing! So welcoming and friendly. Overall the place was very clean and the location was convenient, close to the subway stop and plenty of restaurants and shops in the area. Her 2 dogs were the cutest ever and no bother at all. The bed was comfy and there was plenty of closet space to store things. Such a great experience staying here and i highly recommend it!  As matter of fact this was first time for me to try Airbnb and stay in room at shared apartment,  It was very good experience may be because Adriana that made us feel we are home,  Her guests are supportive and friendly,  Location more than perfect , everything is around you so no worries ,  Apartment very clean ,   So please keep it clean as I am coming again :),  Just read instructions carefully before going there. I was fortunate to choose Adrianas house. The room was so clean and comfortable. I was so relaxed. Also, Nancy was very kind and helpful. I enjoyed talking with her. Her house was the best choice for me in NY. Nice room. Well to begin with its more of a dream Bnb. Adriana is as nice a host as 1 can ever be. Very welcoming, kind hearted and shall do her best to take care of her guests. Not even a single complaint without a doubt. Helped me a lot with directions, food, luggage, travel and also gave her belt when i pulled my back. NYC was a pleasant stay all thanks to her. Thank you so much Adriana. Shall see you again soon.  Nuestra experiencia con Adriana ha sido fantastica, es una anfitriona muy atenta, educada, alegre, divertida y cuidadosa de cada detalle, siempre pendiente de todo cuanto necesitas, la ubicación es estupenda ya que tiene muy cerca una estación de metro y al ser la última es imposible perderte de inicio, el barrio es tranquilo y seguro, con todos los sitios que necesitas, restaurantes, auto mercados, farmacias y tiendas.    Fue como ir a casa de un familiar cercano, a ese grado de confianza me refiero, nos ha encantado y de volver a Nueva York repetiríamos de seguro.     Muchas Gracias por hacer nuestra estancia placentera.    I Miss you, Adriana, Junior, Daisy  Adriana is a great hostess,in the truest sense of the word. She accommodated me on short notice, and anticipated me needs without me having to ask. She smoothed out the rough edges of a chaotic time.  The room is clean and spacious. The bed was very comfortable. Her home affords you privacy, but at the same time you feel very much at home. The neighborhood is safe and quiet, and has easy access to buses and the subway. The subway station is on the same block. The area is lively and active, and I felt very comfortable returning to Adrianas late at night. Adriana is an extraordinary person. It was my pleasure to meet her. You will love staying here. She is so welcoming and accommodating.  She treats you like part of her family and i was impressed with location and neighborhood.  Do yourself a favour and give Adriana a go. As a first time airbnb user I was a little bit nervous but Adriana really put me at ease! Aside from the great location and the peaceful neighbourhood the room in which I stayed in was lovely and cosy.. the apartment homely and inviting. I wouldnt hesitate in staying again! Certainly beats a hotel room! Highly recommend Adrianas All Nation home!  Room is fairly spacious. Adriana is very communicative and welcoming. The bed was extremely comfortable and had a number of pillows to choose from for my comfort. The washroom was well-kept and clean (which is important). Your space in Adrianas home is private. Also, Adriana is incredibly sweet! Will definitely revisit when I return to New York. Adrianas place is in a great position in a beautiful area. Her apartment is kept in pristine condition. Adriana is a very friendly and gracious host who genuinely shows warmth towards everyone who passes her door. I would highly recommend her as a hostess for Air BnB  Very nice room. Large, comfortable bed, lots of pillows. TV, ceiling fan, nice outside view. Adriana is an excellent host! Adriana was friendly and her communication was outstanding. She allowed us to check in way earlier than posted, we appreciated that so much because we had an early flight in. She gave us a mini tour as soon as we walked in so we knew where everything was and what she provided us. The room/bathroom looks just like the pictures and the sheets are very clean. We had six pillows to choose from! The walls are a little thin though. We went at a windy time so we heard everything moving outside, which made it hard to sleep. We would definitely stay again! Nothing to say more than Adriana is a kind person and she deserves super host, thanks for comfortable host during my vacation. I recommend Adrianas house for a beautiful and peaceful accommodation. Really nice place. Good bed, good view of Verrazano narrows bridge, quiet neighborhood. Very good sleeping conditions!  I can recommend warmly. No complaints. Very good choice! Suosittelen. A repeat stay at Adrianas place. Very comfortable, quiet, and clean. Would recommend to anyone.   I could not recommend Adriana enough. She was by far the most generous and gracious hostess I have ever had! Being a young intern living on my own in NYC for the summer, she knew exactly how to make me feel at home and support my crazy schedule. The room is super clean, as well as the rest of the home, and there was never a moment where I wasnt satisfied with my stay. I recommend to anyone! We had amazing 2 weeks in Adrianas place! First of all, Adriana is very kind, friendly, sensitive and helpful person herself. She made us feel at home! Moreover, my mom doesnt know English well, but Adriana tried to understand her, explain everything and helped planning our leisure. She gave us so many useful advices about NY itself, public transport, museums, whether, restaurants and cafes. All of this helped us to save a lot of money + she shared her discounts with us. Location. The flat is located in one of Brooklyn districts, Bay Ridge. There you can find lots of restuarants, cafes, supermarkets, pharmacies, discount centres and stock shops. So you can have a great time there without going to the city centre. It took us only 2 minutes to get to the subway station. In a few stations you may get express train and it takes only 15 minutes to the city center. The location itself is very beautiful. We had amazing view to Verazzano bridge from the window in our bedroom. Flat. The flat very cozy and clean. We were provided with all the facilities (iron, hairdryer, fridge, microwave, etc).  Bed in our room was extremely comfortable to sleep after long day and there was a selection of pillows. Also we were given a full set of towels for shower. There is a big wardrobe, TV, air-conditioning system, some magazines and sweets in our room. Adriana has two beautiful dogs (Daisy and Junior). Dogs are very friendly and sociable, we became true friends   I recommend you Adrianas apartment to have a nice time in NY. Im planning to stay with Adriana next time Im in NY. La casa de Adriana está muy bien situada y su trato fue excelente. En todo momento me indico los lugares a visitar. Sin duda volvería a hospedarme en casa de Adriana. Adriana is a fabulous host!  If you are looking to stay in Bay Ridge, look no further.  Her hospitality, amenities, and attention to detail make it ideal.  The bed was super comfortable and everything was spotless.  Book with her now! Adriana is a great host. Adriane and her home are very inviting. She is also very helpful.   Her home is clean  neat and has good amenities. The room has a very comfortable bed. With a nice view of the bridge. Easy access to the subway. Great old brooklyn neighborhood Lots of great shops and restaurants just down the street. I enjoyed my stay and would return. Thank you Adriana. Adriana es una excelente anfitriona, tiene la casa limpia y ordenada, te da la bienvenida y te hace sentir como en tu propia casa. Y siempre está dispuesta a ayudarte y recomendarte las mejores rutas para conocer NYC. Ha sido un placer estar en tu casa, muchas gracias!!! Hasta el próximo año, si es posible Awesome experience, better then I expected, her place is extremely clean and organized she helped us with the surrounding and was always more then ready help with any issue, we loved her and definitely suggest her place to family and friends Adrianas place is perfect. Very quiet, peaceful and calm. Within walking distance of the subway and close to so many restaurants we couldnt try them all.  We highly recommend Adriana! She is kind, thoughtful and helpful. Adriana’s place provided both a great location for visiting family in Bay Ridge and by being so close to the subway a great location for access to transportation to Manhattan.  It is also very close to grocery stores and tons of restaurants. Adriana is the best host  and i got the best experience stay there  Her place was very clean and in excellent location  She helped me alot in everything even to raise my baggages to the room  I really appreciate her effort and i recommend anyone to stay there  Only if she/he is very clean Adriana’s place is too good! And the bed room view is amazing!   Thankful for her for being my super host!  The place was too neat and clean and well organised! Worth the stay!  And she is such a sweetheart in way of communicating and even hospitality!  I would surly recommend her place to people and would also like to go back for summer! Outstanding Host. Thank you for making me feel so at home. It was a pleasure staying with Adriana.	1
288	The apartment is in a very good location (pretty quite area but still walking distance to times square and 2 blocks away from subway). Its small but can fit for 1-2 people pretty easily. If you dont need big and fully equipped apartment and just want a decent place in good location, this is the place. And above all mici is really nice and available all the time! Enjoy Très petit studio ancien mais propre. Ce n’est pas un palace (loin de la) mais pour le prix ça reste raisonnable.Pour ceux qui cherchent un endroit juste pour dormir quelques jours à 5-10min de Times Square, Central Park et la vie nocturne de Hell’s Kitchen à prix abordable,cet endroit est pour vous. Hôte accueillant et très réactif. Micipsa is very nice. I had a really good time in Manhattan. All the basics are here in a central location.  I have stayed in Hells Kitchen a number of times before, and Micipsas place is surprisingly quiet, because the windows face an inside courtyard as opposed to the street.  The beds were very comfortable.  The location is ideal, a short walk from Central Park and Times Square.  I wouldnt hesitate to stay there again for my next visit. Micipsa was a friendly and amiable host. He was always very prompt in replying to messages. But the apartment did have some drawbacks. For example, there were no curtains or blinds on the windows, so it had no privacy at all. Also, throughout most of the first night—but not subsequent nights--the radiator banged loudly. When we arrived, Micipsa pointed out that the bathroom sink was loose. Because of his warnings, I used it very carefully; but still, the entire sink fell off the wall. Luckily, I was not hurt. I sent a message to Micipsa telling him about this and letting him know that I had propped the sink on a small metal brace on the wall. Instead of having it repaired, though, he replied, “Sorry for that but if u put it back than it should be fine.” If you are looking for a small, inexpensive studio on 10th Avenue, and if none of these would be a concern for you, you may want to give Micipsa’s apartment some consideration. Great location close to Times Square. Micipsa was very accommodating and quick to respond. If you are looking for a no frills place to sleep after a long day playing tourist, this was a bargain. Agree completely with Pauls review. The place is in an amazing location so if youre just looking for a basic place to crash each night then this would be perfect for you. We didnt meet Micipsa but he always replied very quickly and check in /out instructions were very simple. The banging pipe at 5.30am needs fixing and the bathroom sink is still loose. In winter theres not much need for curtains but Id expect summer would be different. Very nice and helpful host. Le logement est très bien situé  C est un lieu uniquement pour dormir se doucher. Le studio donne sur une cour qui est très calme en journée la nuit un peu de nuisance sonore a cause du bar qui est à proximité on entend la musique sur une bonne partie de la nuit mais cela ne nous a pas empêcher de dormir car les journées à New-York sont relativement fatigante entre la marche et le mouvement du monde autour donc il est vrai que le lieu est propice au calme on se retrouve dans un petit cocon, le lit est confortable la connexion wifi très bien et micipsa est très réactif aux messages nous ne l’ avons pas rencontrer mais il est facilement joignable. Nous avons trouver le logement un peu élevé niveau tarifs pour les prestations  mais je pense que c est parce que nous sommes venus sur la période la plus cher celle de fin d année et que le logement est proche de toute commodités.  Si vous cherchez juste un endroit pour dormir c est l’ endroit idéal	0
289	"This Airbnb has a great view over the City. The room was big enough for 3 people and kind of comfortable. Jack is really flexible with the check in times and we had the chance to come really late and go out for the night. The main problem was the cleanness. It was not that hygienic but ok for one night. Our two stays at Jakes were great, everything went really well! I can definitely recommend his place! Jake ist ein sehr netter Gastgeber. Der Raum ist leider für 3 Leute überhaupt nicht geeignet, da er viel zu klein ist. (12qm) Die Sauberkeit ließ sehr zu wünschen übrig. Überall lag sehr viel Staub und das Bad war sehr unhygienisch. Der Ausblick Richtung Queens ist sehr schön und die U- Bahn erreicht man in 5 Minuten zu Fuß. Für eine Übernachtung eine Option aber nicht für einen längeren Aufenthalt. Jake and his roommates  are pretty cool guys and very knowledgeable. They were very accommodating in terms of check in and check out. Their apartment has a great view of the city and is located close enough to the subway to get almost anywhere in the city. The room itself is spacious for one and a snug for two. Their apartment was pretty clean when we were there and it looked well kept. Great host! Went out of his way to make sure we were well taken care of. We will be booking with these guys again for our next NYC trip. The stay at Jakes place felt more like crashing at a friends place than an Airbnb which is both good and bad. The good things were that both Jake and his roommate were very kind and laid back and didnt really impose any rules. We left at all hours of the day and were sometimes probably louder than we should have been, but they never complained. Also, the apartment is 4 blocks to the nearest subway and bus station so getting downtown was easy and cheap. On the other hand, there wasnt as much consideration of us as ""paying guests"" as I would have expected. For example, we didnt get towels until the second night and had to ask for the toilet paper to be restocked. Every morning there was an alarm that would go off and keep ringing for 5-10 mins, then be shut off, then go off again for another 5-10 mins.  Overall, I would say our stay was satisfactory. The apartment was clean and consistent with the listing description. I would recommend staying here if youre young and need a good place to crash for a night or two! Woohoo! Had a great trip to NYC. Really nice view and apartment was filled with cool art. Nice location near subway to get to wherever you want to go easily. Jake and roomies were great hosts and are no bother at all. Super awesome. Thanks so much.  El apartamento fue lo que esperábamos. La ubicación es buena, a dos cuadras de la estación de metro. La habitación estaba bien, tuvimos total libertad en el uso de la cocina.  Los compañeros de Jake fueron siempre muy amables. No diría que es el mejor lugar para descansar luego de un largo día recorriendo la ciudad, principalmente por las dimensiones del espacio, los chicos están hasta altas horas despiertos y se escucha a través de las paredes. Great place, super clean! Close to the subway and a fantastic view! Jakes place is a as described.  Very close to subway - easy accessibility to all parts of Manhattan.  In particular, if you are going to a show on Randalls Island, this spot is excellent - you can easily walk across the bridge in 20 mins.  Great communication, easy going - highly recommended! Jake was a cool and laid back host. I enjoyed my time there  Jake est un jeune garçon sympathique mais son logement est celui dun étudiant qui partage avec dautres étudiants garçons. Le ménage nest pas fait depuis longtemps et le logement est vraiment sale. Cest dommage car assez désagréable ! Jake was prompt to respond to us and his place is pretty close to the train and pretty much everywhere. It was great for a quick stay, thank you. Great communication with Jake and his roommates who help him run the airbnb. Apartment was clean and cozy which made us feel right at home. Nice view of Harlem from the balcony. Overall, our stay was more than excellent and I would definitely recommend this airbnb to anyone who is looking to stay pretty close to Manhattan. The host canceled this reservation 6 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Jake is such an awesome welcoming person, i definitely will stay at his place if i ever go back to NYC. i honestly felt im with a family member. In top of that he has an amazing place and great view of Manhattan, easy access to anywhere in the city even further area like Brooklyn, Central park is only a few blocks from his house and the area has bunch of good restaurants and coffee shops. if you ever stay at Jakes you will get the experience of NYC and its amazing people! Jake and roommates were really friendly, they gave us good info on how to move around the city. Our flight got cancel because of Irma Hurricane and he let us extend the stay, thanks again Jake. You should definitely include the neighborhood in your description. I didnt mind too much, but since I was with my mom I felt very uncomfortable and disappointed bringing her to a ghetto neighborhood. The roach is obviously out of your control because it is an apartment building, but thats probably an important factor to mention as well. We only seen one and in the beginning of our stay, so it wasnt unbearable. Your house was well kept and nice looking for the most part. Since those are factors you cant change, Id suggest lowering your charge because I was expecting way better for $80 a night. Had the place to ourselves for the weekend practically. Although we only went there to sleep, that was a nice aspect. Jacob and his roomates were really nice and always making sure we were enjoying our stay there. The apartment is really well communicated with a main subway line just 1 minute away. The neighborhood wasn’t what we expected, but we didn’t have any problems. Recommended for young people who don’t really mind about the neighborhood. Loved the decor, curtains, bedding and towels with those deep dark colors... These guys were out of this world nice and hospitable. I also enjoyed watching the football game on cable TV as well as the on demand shows. I would get there as early as you can check in for that afternoon evening view from the balcony. Albert is really nice. Everything was very good, although we did not have the opportunity to meet Jake in person, he was very attentive as well as his roomie, actually it was a very short visit (literally we only got there to sleep), but within our short stay, everything good!"	0
290	"Jullet was a wonderful host. Extremely welcoming and helpful. The room was large, private and very clean. own bathroom! The apartment is a bit suburban but very close to JFK airport. Thanks for letting me stay there! Me and my boyfriend recently stayed with Jullett in her master bedroom with private bathroom. We recommend her to anyone looking to stay in new york. She is close to the airport with easy access to public transportation to the city. The room was very clean and comfortable providing clean towels and great hospitality.  Thanks Jullett we will definitely be staying there next time we come! Me and my friends are so glad that we find Jullett:) House and rooms are realy nice and clean. Jullett treats us like we are a part of her familly... She is very helpfull and friendly:) She makes us feel so comfortable in her place. If we gonna visit NYC again, we will stay at Jullett place:)  Jullett was a great host! I was on the go for most of my stay, but she was very accommodating, and even came to the bus stop to make sure we knew about the variations in the subway schedule that weekend. The bedroom and bathroom were perfect. Very clean, and well stocked with towels, soap, etc. I highly recommend staying with her if you need to be in Queens, and you will be REALLY close to JFK! This was my and my friends first bnb experience and it was really good. Julletts home was clean,spacious and lovely. We were even provided with a mini fridge and a microwave in the room which were very helpful. Though it is a bit far away from the main city, the transportation is real good and it was not at all a problem.    Thank you Jullett for making our first ever visit to New York City so comfortable and memorable. The perfect place to stay. I was visiting for a week for work and it was so wonderful to come back to a place that felt like home. No matter how crazy my work schedule, Jullett was completely cool. There when you need her, not when you dont.     Jullett is the perfect host. There was a snow storm when I was there and before I had to go to work the walkways were shoveled. I havent gotten that at major hotel chains!     I will definitely be staying here whenever work brings me back and perhaps for a vacation since it is the most affordable place anywhere near NYC. I cant think of enough great things to say! Absolutely wonderful! Super host that worked with us when our plane was delayed. We did not arrive until past midnight. She was easy to communicate with by phone and email.   The location was good for a quick night crash when we flew. It is a good distance from the city which is why we only booked one night. It is clean and appears like the pictures.  Jullet was an AWESOME host! She was super friendly and very helpful. The room was spotless, top notch, had its own full sized private bathroom, and air conditioning.    Great price. Great location. couldnt have asked for a better deal. Highly recommended. Jullett was a wonderful host.   Her little Hostel is clean and super comfortable.Its quite a ride to Manhattan but its worth it.  The room is big and the beds are just perfect. A grocery store and a bus stop are right around the corner  All in all I had a very nice time at Julletts home with a very human price. my stay at jullett place was outstanding the place is  very clean and well kept and well organized.. if anyone is looking for a place too stay in newyork .. this is the place too stay you wont be disapointed,.the location is great. on my next visit i well defindly stay there again..       (Website hidden by Airbnb) 06\2011     (Website hidden by Airbnb) canada Jullets place was very nice and clean. Jullettt was extremely hospitable and offered us great directions as to how to get around NYC. The only thing was that it was a bit of a trek to get into the heart of Manhattan, but definitely worth it for the low price that it was.  At first me and my partner were wary of Airbnb because of the newness of the concept but after trying it out for the first time at Julletts place I would personally recommend it to all my friends. Jullett was very friendly to me and my family and made us feel like we were at a second home. The place was clean and met all our needs. Thumbs up to the place and 2 thumbs up for Jullett our hostess! The bustop is a 2 min walk which goes directly to the subway where you just ride to Manhattan directly , there were also enough delis in the neighborhood to buy whatever groceries one might need. If you ever want to travel to NY take my word and stay with Jullett right on budget :) Jullett was a great woman! She is really  friendly! She drove my friend to airport, when he almost late to the plane. And woke me up at 4 a.m. when I had to go to my plane and gave me pizza. Thanks a lot!  If you are looking for home away from home, this is the right spot. Jullett is a wonderful woman and will help you with anything you need. Location is great. Close to the train LIRR which is only 30 minutes to Manhattan or to the Long Beach. I  would stay there any time again. My friend and I stayed at Julletts b&b for 9 nights.  Jullett was very friendly and helpful.  Jullett loaned us her maps and gave us recommandations on places to visit and how to get around.  The house was very clean and tidy and there was a nice variety of food in the fridge for the guests.    Only downside was that it was a little far from Manhattan.  There was a bus stop right outside the b&b but it was a ~20 min bus ride to the subway station, followed by about a ~30 min ride on the subway before we reach Time Square.    Overall, we had a nice time staying at Julletts lovely b&b and would highly recommend it to everyone else.  Thanks Jullett! Stayed 4 nights. Very nice and clean home. Bonus was the use of the kitchen.  The room was very comfortable. There was a yappy dog barking first night.  Walls were thin and heard upstairs guest. Was told we couldnt use AC after midnight even though its advertised as a having AC.  We had one room with 2 beds with private bath - good size with nice decor.  This my first time experience with staying in a non-hotel environment opened my thinking that I can get a lot more and spend less with staying at the Right on Budget! Jullett is very accomodative with the check-in time, very nice person, facility is extra clean, quiet location but safe. My family will comeback again when we go to NY next time! Sincere thanks to Jullett, two thumbs UP! We came to visit our family and friends in NY.  We stayed for 3 weeks and had a great time.  Julletts place was nice and clean. She was very nice and accommodating to our needs.  Very convenient access to public transportation including: buses, subway, and train. JFK airport is just a 10 minute bus ride. It was our family’s first trip using this website and Julletts place. Jullett was very accommodating with our arrival time and gave us good instructions on how to get around using the New York’s bus and subway. The place was clean, quit, and safe.  Next trip we make to NYC we plan to use her place. Jullett was really responsive to our emails and was great on our arrival. Her place was really convenient to the bus. rail and light rail service in and out of Manhatten and her kindness in explaining the low-down on how and what to do was  very helpful. We found our beds comfortable and the ensuite we had was luxury. Kitchen all the go and breakfast too.  We had privacy but also opportuities to meet a couple of other room occupiers.  The area is pretty safe and the locals were really helpful with directions and even bailing us out on some  train fares we misjudged. Close shopping for basic foods etc.   Got a $40 flat fare there from La Guardia and then a quick $25 cab to JFK at the end of our stay.   Our room had a queen and a double bed in it so we took the opportunity to really stretch out. There was a bit of noise from upstairs but it calmed down at 12.The neighbourhood was pretty quiet really. We would go back there no worries should we wish to visit again the city that never sleeps. The American Indian Museum down by the Staten Island Ferry  was awesome but it closes at 5 so get in a good two hours early- you will be rewarded. Thanks Jullett.  It was a really nice time ! Thank you very much. Clean, comfortable, friendly, & cozy. Great for the most part. Main cons - air conditioning could have been cooler and we werent able to buy metro cards at the train station that was close by. So transportation was an issue. No taxi would pick us up in the area. We ended up driving everywhere.  Jullett was very hospitable. When we arrived way later due to the 4 hours of gridlock traffic we were stuck in, she was there to let us in. Her place is very close to the bus and trains. The bedroom we stayed in was perfect with two very comfortable beds, a small refridgerator, and our own private bathroom! My friend and I had a very nice stay! Thanks Jullett! The room is nicer in person, very quiet & clean We enjoyed our stay!! Service was great. Thank you for letting us stay at your place Jullett. I stayed with Jullett and my two daughters for a week. She was a wonderful host and could not do enough to help us out. The bus stop to the subway was right outside the house so getting around was easy. The trip to Manhatten was full of fun and surprises and gave us an opportunity to see people and do things we would not normally have done.    The house was and still will be spotless, Jullett is meticulous and has though of everything including food in the fridge and plenty of toiletries.    There was a conveinence store just round the corner which had everything - it was also a deli and was open all night. next to that was a dry cleaners and across the road a launderette who would do your washing for you if you did not have time $10 for 10 pounds.     I was a little confused by one of the postings who said they could not get tickets for bus and trains, there is a western union 1 minutes walk from Julletts and you can get an unlimited pass for 29.99 for 7 days and that will take you all over the place using subway and buses.    We would definitely come back here Jamaica in Queens is a really cool place wish we could have stayed longer.    Thanks Jullett for a great time and an easy place to stay   I found the room as expected with private bath.  The room was neat as well and bus stops were close.  As it was extremely Hot and I was travelling with my Twin couple of 15 months old (infants), I had to exceed by one hour the limit of time use for the A/C the first night (which I think if there was a fan in the ceiling, i would power OFF the A/C by midnight as expected).  Jullet left some water in the fridge on our disposal prior our arrival (which i appreciated).    I would advice future guess to wake up hours before departure in order to rearrange the room the way it was found before leaving for the airport (as it seems that the room is expected to be left the way it was found, which in my case, with two 15 months old children in my hand,  could not happen at 100% under the pressure of picking a flight at 9 AM JFK).    Thanks again Jullet! Very nice comfortable place.  Clean and accomodating.  Jullett was very friendly and helpful.  Access to public transportation was close by and easy to navigate.  I would stay again! We stayed in this room for 4 nights and had a great time! The room is clean, Jullett is very friendly and helpful. Just the way to Manhattan is a little bit too long, but okay.    Thanks so much! Clean and cozy but the sound coming from upstairs could disturb ones sleep at times. Dear Jullett,  Hello,  Here by this note I want to thank to you for all things.  I had a nice time in New York and enjoyed from this trip.  your home and room was very clean, near to bus.  Your guidance was perfect, with you explanation I visited many beautiful places and used my time very well.  I would like to come there and stay in your home again, hopfully next time, probably soon, I do not know.  Thanks for your hospitality,  Thanks for all things.    Regards,  Ali,   We have spent a great 6 nights at Julletts place. It is quite close to JFK (paid 14 $ for taxi) in a good, quiet neighborhood. We travelled to Manhattan every day back and forth so be prepaired to pay the LIRR fee which is around 10 $(return ticket) in off-peak season. It will bring you to the Penn Station in 25 mins and generally running in every hour 24/7. Our room was clean with comfortable beds with our own bathroom. There were a few additional rooms with other guests on our floor with a common full-equipped kitchen. Jullett was very helpfull and flexible (we arrived in the late night due to the bed weather on the airport). I would certainly recommend the place to everyone. it was our last minute request, because another recervation was cancelled one day before our arrival to NYC. The room is clean and has private bathroom. The only minus is that the house is situated a bit too far from Manhatten and it takes around 1-1.20 hour to get to the city. You can also take the express train but it costs around 6$ one way.   But in general our time in NYC was great and Jullet was very nice and helpfull host, she even kept our luggage when we went to Miami for 5 days! Thank you so much for your help, Jullet! The place is VERY clean, that was like the most important thing for us, and that you have a private bathroom, the area where is placed seems to be very safe. Jullett is a great host, she helped us to find out how to get to the most importantes places of NY, the only little problem is that takes like an hour to get to Manhattan but the house is located where you can fin transportation pretty easy, so it was fine for us. Thank you Jullett, i will be back in your house, for sure.  Short visit in NY ,really liked the room ,very clean and big enough ,the bathroom also was good size .  The common kitchen well equipped .  Perfect location if you need a  quick access to NYC in around 30 min by LIRR and in the same time very close to JFK airport at a very reasonable price .  I will definitely visit again this place during my next travel    Jullett Dilllons house was exactly what i needed to relax and get away from everything. The house was clean, quiet and her brother was around just in case something was needed. I didnt get a chance to meet Jullett because of her job schedule, but I was very please with the accommodation. The bus stop was across the street from her house. Her brotther gave me directions where to find the 99cent store, Chinese restaurant, Corner store and pizza shop.    I will recommend your Jullett house to my friends and family.    Thanks Jullett for open your house to me and my friend Lorraine. Very clean and nice environment to stay, Jullett was the perfect host as well. Great room with a good amount of space with a private bathroom. Very clean  apartment overall and I would recommend this place to anyone that wants to visit the city at a cheap rate. The apartment is right next to the LIRR Locust Manor station and gets to the city in like a half an hour. Close to a lot of convenience stores and places to eat. Friendly neighborhood overall and if you need help with any questions dons hesitate to ask Jullett or her brother Garnett. We spend 2 nights at Jullett place. The apparment was very clean. We needed because we wanted to stay near the airport. Everything was ok. She gave us information about the appartment and her brother help us a lot with many other things, like the bus to the airport and find a place to eat. He was very patient and nice with us. We took the bus at 3.04 am to go to the airport, and was right on time.   The room itself was wonderful. We had our own bathroom and closet. There is an air conditioning unit also which was nice in mid summer. The location was a bit deceiving. If you want to head into the city, you should expect over an hour of commuting. We found it easier to drive on some days. Julletts brother was much more helpful. He gave us a map of the subway system, directions on how to get there, and advice on where to go. There are also very strict house rules. Showers cant be longer than 5 minutes long, air conditioning cant e run for over a certain amount of time, etc. Overall, we thought the room was very affordable and worth the price. We had a great time in this accomodation. Everything very clean, new towels after 2 days and good connection to public transportation system.  Jullett was very nice and gracious and her rules were outlined clearly. The neighborhood is quite a distance away from downtown New York, but the public transportation is easy to figure out. Average commute to the city was 1 hour 15 minutes. (Bus to Subway to City) It was a wonderful stay. Private. Good transportation availability.  Meals availability in the neighbourhood good. Seems safe neighbourhood no incidents when I was there. Very clean.  Mall availability within 15 or so minutes by bus.  highly recommend. As good as I have experienced internationally including South Africa and France. John   South Africa and France. Great host!....extremely nice and friendly atmosphere. Super clean and hospitable....Julett is Awesome!  Our host was wonderful and kind. But location was very far from everywhere. My experience with Julett was my very first AirBnB experience as well, so I did not really know what to expect going into it.  I arrived in NYC earlier than expected and Julett did respond to my text message and allow me to come to her home earlier than the scheduled check in.  The directions she gave were accurate and the LIRR does stop literally 2 blocks from her house. She gave me a map and showed me where to go in NYC, and walked me outside and showed me where all the bus stops were.  The only CONS, I have for this stay were   1. My reservation was modified to stay in a different room in her room than what I booked. She said that she had some regulars come in for the weekend and she gave them my reserved room.  The room I was moved to was fine, however, the main reason I requested my particular room was because of the private bathroom.  So my friend and I had to use the bathroom down the hall, but Julett assured me there would be no one else using that bathroom at all but me.  On at least 3 occasions, I went into that bathroom and the toilet was unflushed from someone using it, I knew it was not me or my friend, so someone in the house was obviously using the bathroom as well, and also not cleaning up behind themselves.  Also, one morning that I was taking a shower, someone kept knocking on the door and twisting at the handle, when I finally exited the bathroom I saw that there was a 7 or 8 year old girl standing there like she was waiting to use the bathroom, again I was told that this would not be a shared bathroom.  When I was walking back to the kitchen, I also noticed an older man brushing his teeth in the kitchen sink.  2. Im assuming the other people that were staying there were a family of about 5 or so people, so it was uncomfortable for me to walk to and from the bathroom because they would be sitting at the kitchen table just kind of staring.  My friend and I even came home one night at about 1 am, and they were still sitting at the kitchen table. So again it made me uncomfortable going back and forth to the shower.  3. The home is extremely muggy, Im assuming because the air does not run much. I had a wall unit in my room, but it still did not really cool the area down, so it was hard sleeping being so hot.    All together this is a pretty nice home and my experience was not that bad. However,it is just extremely far from the city so be careful with coming back so late the trains only run like every hour. I found out the hard way! Julletts a nice host. Comfortable. Easy access to Manhattan. If I have a chance to go to NY again, I would stay her house and talk with her more. My experience during our short stay with Ms Juliet was superb. The place was very clean and well kept. I whole heartedly recommend her  Yes, yes. cétait la première fois que jutilisais airbnb et je  me suis permise de lui téléphoner de France pour voir comment je récupérais les clés puisquelle ne savait même pas à quelle heure jarrivais et comment aller chez elle. Elle ma demandé si javais un numéro de réservation et dans ce cas lire ses recommandations. Je lui ai exprimé mes difficultés en anglais…toujours pas du tout aimable. Pas du tout rassurée. Elle ma ensuite bien expliqué pour aller à NY City, parfait pour cette partie là. La chambre est correcte, le lit bon, par contre un(e) voisin(e) au dessus fait du bruit( marche comme sur un plancher) jusquà 1h du mat et recommence à 5h …quand dort il (elle)? très bruyant aussi avec les avions…10 minutes de laéroport et mauvaise isolation phonique. Jullett is a very friendly and helpful host. She arrived when we reached the place and explained everything to us, along with helping us with a map of NY and directions on how to get around and what to see. Overall, very satisfied. :) Also, the place is 5mins from JFK airport by cab. But almost 1.5hrs to Manhattan if you take the bus and subway or 30mins if you take the Long Island Railroad. Nice comfortable place but far from manhattan Everything was as expected nothing more nothing less. Very clean and spacious.  One suggestion is to provide the contact of the care taker for easier communication. The room is tidy and clean, so is the common area. The neighborhood is also nice and people are very friendly. Only downside is you can hear the noise from upstairs pretty well, so it gets annoying during night time cuz people upstairs were moving around stuff even after 12am. Upon arriving at Julletts Airbnb I introduced myself and extended my hand but she stated ""that wont be necessary"", so the initial experience was not welcoming. The handle to the front gate came off in my hand in front of Jullett but that was replaced later. The place was as described. Room and bathroom were clean, but one of the towels although I felt it was clean it had some yellowish stains. I called and texted Jullett but got no response at first, then seeing  a family member on the property and asked them to help me out which occurred a day later exchanging the towel and providing me with a requested bath towel. She was very nice. The only nightstand lamp was broken (there was an overhead light) and I informed Jullett about that with no response. I did feel safe in the neighborhood. The parking was A+. Although the two dogs behind the gate made alot of noise they were nice but walking over the poop when departing wasnt. And as a previous reviewer stated there is alot of noise heard over those hardwood floors when trying to sleep. Lastly, I only communicated with the host on check-in; luckily nothing urgent came up. Overall, its a tossup, you cant beat the price, the place is clean, safe, great parking and some compromising as mentioned above. Thanks. The host canceled this reservation 22 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. My plans fell thru last minute and Jullett was very gracious to allow me to book right away. thanks The room was clean. The place is in a good neighborhood, many ways to go to Manhattan. We enjoyed our staying! Thank you Jullett!  Juliet made me feel welcome by allowing me to get to know the home and be familiar with the surrounding and be comfortable like it was my own home. The place was clean and tidy and parking on the street wasnt a long wait for parking. The neighbourhood was great and I felt very safe. A good and well described room !   The communication with Jullett was easy, we had no problem during our trip to New York !  Firstly let me say that I went to this apartment with an open mind as it was my first time using the service however I was given an instant shocker when the host didnt turn up until over an hour after my scheduled arrival time and with no one to assist me with checking in I had to sit outside and wait, I tried calling her posted number without success only to see her arrive and as abruptly and unapologetic as ever she walked in with a blande hi. No explanation or apology for being so tardy was given and despite her being rude throughout my entire checking in process I went along with it as she outlined to me when I asked about canceling she swiftly mentioned to me the she wont allow my payment to be released to me. Throughout my entire stay I had no one to get information from as she never answers her phone I had to just do without basic stuff that should have been provided, it was mostly noisy at nights waking me up several times per night. The only positive thing I can say about the apartment is it isnt dirty but the hosts attitude is and on my final day during packing I was made aware that my car which was parked out front was broken into and when the police came to take a report even before I got a chance to thoroughly check my vehicle she told them that they can leave because I dont seem like I cared. All in all I must say it was four days in a nightmare for me and I only went along with it because at the point when I arrived I had no choice but I definitely wouldnt recommend the place as a place to be , the host is rude, the area isnt safe , the place is noisy and generally it wasnt what was described on the site, highly disappointed. The location is convenient near the JFK airport. Also is very easy to go to Manhattan using the public transportation Place was beyond clean & I will book again if necessary The Julletts place is very good."	0
291	ari is nice and responsible. He responses to all my questions and helped me a lot. The room is clean and the bed is ok for two people. Only one thin quilt makes me feel cold in the room without heating. quiet location and safe.  Easy to get taxi here. Ari was very accommodating and provide top service both with keeping the place clean and being available by phone and message.  Even though he was out of the country, he would respond right away with an answer for everything.    My plans made his life a bit more hectic and difficult but he was extremely helpful and I couldnt thank him enough.  The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Friendly host, accurate listing, great experience. He welcomed us very well. It was very cozy and makes you feel home. The location is convenient enough. Close to the subway.  It was very nice stay there and very much worth it. He additionally brought a pillow for us. It was very kind. Its a great place to stay .. close to Central Park .. walking distance to most of the convenience store , restaurants & subway station.. ari is a very helpful host .  Aris place was perfect for our needs. We had a large group of 7 adults and were able to fit comfortably between the two beds, the pull-out couch, and an air mattress that he provided. This apartment is in a nice location with a corner store nearby any many other restaurants within walking distance. We would definitely stay here again if the opportunity arises! Ari was very friendly and provided us with information about NYC, subway, the thanksgiving parade and so on. He responds fast and clear. The location was perfect, close to central park and easy to get downtown with the subway. We werent much in the apartment, because we wanted to see as much as we could fin those couple days. His apartment was clean and was good to stay in for a couple nights. This stay was fantastic. Five of us fit comfortable. Its very close to the subway, and Ari was incredibly kind and accommodating. Would definitely stay here again! We have very good experience of staying. A nice location, close to nice restaurants, subway station. The host canceled this reservation 91 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	1
292	Great place close to the city! Clean comfortable and great looking. Martin is a great host! Thanks for all We had a very very very cool moment at Martins place, everything was even better than the description and the pictures! :)  Martin made everything go well for us, he put everything we needed right at reach, the set of keys was waiting for us, towels were provided and the AC was much appreciated! :)  The deco of the place is Funky and its so fresh and clean!  The kitchen is spacious and we liked cooking our dishes in there!  The backyard had become our everynight ritual when we got back from visiting the city... I wanna thank you again for your kindness and availability!  The neighborhood is clean and quiet and the houses around are all beautiful...  I definitely recommend this place right next to two subway stations that lead you everywhere you wanna go! Un appartement super sympa et pratique pour découvrir New-York. Martin est un hôte disponible et arrangeant. Nous avons passé un superbe séjour sur Brooklyn. Our flight arrived very early and it was great Martin had no problems with us checking in early. It was a easy and quick process as Martin had already messaged me all the codes and information I needed. Martin was also quick to reply to any queries we had and he also kept in contact just making sure we were ok and had everything we needed. When we did meet Martin and his family they were very friendly. What we liked was the fact that the description and photos were accurate. Martin was a pleasant host who answered every question right away. His home is beautiful and clean. He was very accommodating for our requests and we appreciate his time and patience!  We had a pleasant stay at Martins flat. The check in was super easy and we had everything we needed in the flat. The location was pretty convenient, being on three subway lines - it usually took us about 30-40 mins to get to downtown Manhattan (a bit longer when it was very early in a Saturday morning). Would recommend! This was our first experience using Airbnb or similar. Martin and Hande were great, from contacting us days before to the day of our arrival and making themselves available throughout the stay (without invading our time or space). The apartment was better than we imagined; even my bro-in-law who resides in NY agreed. All amenities were as described but the coolest bonus was the drink refreshments available in the fridge upon arrival and something so simple as spices for use and coffee for the coffee maker. All appreciated.  Although the weather did not allow us to use it, another great feature was the private social area out back complete with grill & seating. The overall area (location) of the apartment was really nice and super close to the train line without the excessive train noise. We felt safe walking the neighborhood at night to the station and even the local bodegas and eateries.    We appreciate how quickly Martin and Hande responded to requests/needs and made accommodations for us. This was truly a great first experience. We plan to visit NY again and have already made it known that Martin & Handes place will be our first choice. Thanks again for your kind hospitality. Schoon, ruim appartement.  Alles uit de advertentie klopt; de metro is vlakbij, de fotos komen overeen met hoe het is. Martin en Hande hebben alles goed voorbereid en waren goed te bereiken via email/sms. Wel jammer dat we geen kennis gemaakt hebben, het was een beetje gek om in iemand huis te zitten zonder diegene ontmoet te hebben.  This is an excellent apartment - very spacious and cool decor. The kitchen and bathroom are well stocked. Its very close to train stations for lots of trips out. Martin provided detailed instructions for arrival and was constantly in touch via email throughout our stay. We would highly recommend this place.  Martín was very kind with us. The apartment is as you can see in the photos. The location is at 40 min from Manhattan as he said in the description, the subway station is near but it has no elevator. Good host, good place. Perfect for couples or friends! We stayed for more than a week with Martin and everything was like described, not to say even better. Martin was very kind and communicative by handling check-in issues and questions during our stay, he provided everything we needed and was there to help us when we had have any questions. The Appartement is close to the subway and in a nice quite neighborhood. So all i have to say, take this opportunity if youre planing your trip to New York. Martins apartment is a hidden gem. Its comfortable, close to the subway, in a nice residencial neighbourhood and close to Manhattan. Martins also a great host, our flight changed and he was very flexible and timely. Ill recommend his place to my friends visiting NY. What a cosy, nice and convenient place. Manhattan is just a subway ride away. Going to/from JFK is also no problem. Very recommendable! Martin was an excellent host, and I got a timely response every time I had a question for him. Everything is exactly how its shown in photos and was very clean as well. This apartment is close to a very convenient subway line and is in a quiet area. I would recommend this place, very cute!  Our stay at Martins place was truly amazing. We felt ourselves like home.  The house is fully equiped and exactly like you can see in y the photos. The neighborhood is quiet and safe. The train station is only a few blocks away. You can go to Manhattan in only 15 minutes.  We really enjoyed our stay at Martins apartment.  Martin was a great host. He was communicating with us frequently and provided us with everything we needed for our stay! The house was clean and very cozy. Although the weather was very cold the house was very warm. Also the kitchen and the bathroom was fully equipped something that really was appreciated. I am looking forward to visit again!  Thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Martins place during our trip to NYC. Martin was very prompt with all communication and made our stay very easy. Very clean and cozy as well as affordable. Close to the subway for easy travel across the city. Highly Recommended!  Martin is a great host, always willing to help and answer questions. The apartment was clean and the check-in and out process was very easy. Staying at Martins was a very good experience. The place is well located with 2 subway stations very close and on convenient lines.  Everything was clean. Kitchen and bathroom were well equipped. We instantly felt at home ! The space even had a nice decor.  Plus Martin was a very good host. He asked us frequently if we were doing fine.  Martin est un hôte très sympathique et disponible pour répondre à toutes vos questions. Lappartement est très agréable et bien équipé. Il faut compter entre 40 et 60min de métro pour aller à manhattan ce qui nous paru un peu long. Mais le rapport qualité prix est vraiment top. A vivement conseiller pour les petits budgets qui veulent visiter cette superbe ville such a good place to stay, with good location which near the subway, house is clean and warm, really love to live in here!!! Great place to stay in Brooklyn! The location was right next to the train, Martin was very helpful with checking in and also throughout the trip with recommendations. Thanks again Martin! Staying in Martins apartment was a major contributor to our great trip to New York City.  Easy subway connections to all the places we wanted to visit, and a nice, quiet, clean and comfortable place to come home to, Thanks! Perfect! Martin has been a great host. Hed meet any favor asked for and hed reply quickly. The place is conveniently placed near subway, it is well equipped and I appreciated it was warm and cozy in cold days. We had a pleasant stay. Great place to stay! Martin is a great host.. the apartment is clean and is very cozy! I will def stay again and refer to others  We had a great time at Martins place! Martin was very helpful, considerate and easy to reach. The apartment is beautiful, very well kept and nicely decorated! Access to Manhattan was also  very easy! Overall highly recommended and we look forward to going back! amazing place!! clean, quite and Martin was super nice and extremely helpful.. I would highly recommend anyone to stay. L appartement de Martin est très propre, bien décoré , on s y sent parfaitement bien  Dans le quartier de Brooklyn , a 1/2 heure de Manathan , c est calme et la literie est très confortable  Perfect apartment, clean, well appointed, perfectly placed for access to Manhattan. We had the best time. We never met Martin, but felt like he was available if we needed him. He even helped me celebrate my 50th birthday!!!  We hope to return over and over.  Super appartement , un peu loin du centre mais transports en commun faciles et proches. Hôte hyper dispo et réactif : il a nous a dépanné et conseillé sur plein de choses. Les lieux sont propres et super cosy. On vous le conseille pour être immergé dans des quartiers pas touristiques !  Cest un petit appartement agréable, très calme et très bien équipé. La station de métro est au coin de la rue et pour rejoindre Manhattan nous comptions 45 à 60 minutes selon les erreurs de parcours. Nous recommandons cependant cette adresse. This apartment is perfect and everything you might need for a long weekend in NYC. Though I never saw Martin, he communicated and checked in with us frequently before, during, and after our stay to make sure we had everything we needed. A super great host. Apt was easy to check in and out. Close to three different subways lines. The place was clean, well appointed, very quiet, and a great value. I highly recommend it and hope to stay there again.  Cant say enough good about this place. - clean - block from bus and subway - great communication  - exactly what the listing say it is - very safe - comfortable bed - good water pressure and temperature range  - private entrance  - felt like a home, not just a cheap flip - would stay again Great host and place. Very clean and the neighborhood is hip with a variety of places to dine or buy stuff from.  Great host. Great apartement.  Great week in NYC.  Thank you! Wohnung ist exakt wie beschrieben, ruhig und gemütlich. Subway wirklich gut zu erreichen. Supermarkt in derNähe. Leider ist die Nachbarschaft nicht ganz so schön, etwas heruntergekommen, aber es besteht kein Grund, sich zu ängstigen. Die Kommunikation mit Martin war absolut problemlos. Fabulous place! Love it! Highly recommend!!!!!! So stylie! Comfortable! Would love to stay here again... A lovely space just as pictured.  The host is easy to communicate with.  Awesome amenities and a cool @$$ back patio area.  This place is easily in my top 5 Airbnbs.  I shall return.  Thanks, Martin! Space was comfortable and spacious.  We were close to subways, which made it easy to get around.  Martin did an excellent job of communicating and responding to questions.  I highly recommend his place. Lappartamento corrisponde alla descrizione. Molto pulito e in una zona residenziale silenziosa dove si trovano diversi negozi di generi alimentari. Dotato di tutto ciò che serve, compresa la linea WiFi. Vicino a due stazioni della metropolitana, il che permette di raggiungere facilmente NYC (ca mezzora di viaggio); una delle due linee porta allaeroporto. Prossimo anche ad un grande parco. Martin è molto disponibile e contattabile in qualsiasi momento via Email. Great place! Clean, affordable and I liked the keyless doors - no worry of losing keys! Liked how central it was to subway stations.  Thanks Again! 집은 작지만 귀엽고 깨끗했어요. 인테리어도 잘 되어있고 필요한 물건들을 거의 다 갖추고 있어서 편리했어요. 차를 가지고 방문했는데, 주차하기가 정말 편리하고 좋았어요. 일정이 길어지는 바람에 체크아웃 후 브로드웨이로 숙소를 옮겼는데, 뉴욕의 최악의 주차 문화를 경험한 후에 이 숙소가 얼마나 좋았는지 다시 한 번 깨달았어요. 호스트는 소통이 잘 되고 늦은 시간에도 답장을 빠르게 잘해주어서 좋았습니다. Martins place is cozy, chic and a great place to stay in NY!  We were walking distance to some really unique places to dine and had a great time exploring the neighborhoods of Brooklyn. Martin was also a great host who was prompt to reply when we had questions but also gave us our space and allowed us the privacy to experience New York. Cleaner than clean! A delightful apartment.  Close to subway. Finding shops and eateries not so easy. Martin and Hande very friendly and helpful once we made contact. Such a great apartment, very clean, stylish, and central! Made our stay in the city very comfortable  :) Comfy beds too! Perfect place to stay for your holiday in New York. Everything as discribed. Martin was easy to contact and very accomodating! Good communication, easy checkin and the keyless entry was very convenient.  We did not sit in the outside area in the black because we were busy but it looked like a nice place to eat or hang out when the weather is nice.  The neighborhood was surprisingly quiet for NYC and parking was also surprisingly easy to find. Asunto oli rauhallinen, siisti ja viihtyisä. Kaksi metrolinjaa oli lähietäisyydellä. Isäntä Martin oli huolehtivainen ja häneen oli helppo pitää yhteyttä. Suosittelen ehdottomasti. O apartamento é incrível. Limpo, confortável e decorado com muito bom gosto. Tem tudo que duas pessoas precisam para ter uma experiência única no Brooklyn. Está localizado a 200 metros de uma estação do metrô. O Check-in é muito (Website hidden by Airbnb) instruções previamente enviadas um dia antes da entrada. Martin,  além de muito simpático,  está sempre pronto  para responder suas mensagens via (Hidden by Airbnb) . Dando dicas  ou auxiliando no que for preciso. Recomendo fortemente a todos. El apartamento es bellísimo, muy cómodo y muy agradable. Llegué antes del horario de check-in, 2 hrs, y pude ingresar porque ya estaba listo. Todo muy bien! The apartment is great, it has everything you need to make your stay pleasant and comfortable. Clean and well equipped. Thank you very much! 5 stars! Very close to Subway lines that lead right into lower manhattan. Fast wifi, clean, and plenty of space. Martins apartment is great and just as we expected.  Check in was very smooth and he was easy to contact throughout our stay, offering help and recommendations. The location is near several transport links which are connected to Manhattan, citymapper helped us select the best routes! Martin was very helpful and responsive, and the apartment was exactly as described. If you plan on spending most of your time in Manhattan, be aware that it does take a little while to get there from this part of Brooklyn by public transit. That said, Martins apartment is at the crossroads of several different MTA stops, so we were always able to find a train going where we wanted to go. We have had a fantastic two weeks stay in this appartment. It is very nice decorated,it has a good cozy atmospfere, a well equipped kitchen, a good shower, a very good bed and a nice place outside. The appartment is located in a quiet neighbourhood and we never felt unsafe there. The J-line is very close by and connects you to Manhattan with a beautiful view from the Williamsburgbridge. There is a supermarket nearby, as well as agood deli at the corner two passes away. Martin is a nice owner who lives with his very friendly wife upstairs. The communication with Martin was fast and helpfull. We would return to this appartment again. Apartment is just as it is in the pictures. Thank you for your hospitality, Martin. We had a very nice stay at this flat. The host was super friendly and we really appreciated that we were allowed to keep our luggage there for six hours after we had checked out since we had a late flight that evening. Highly recommended. Easy to get around too with subways to Williamsburg and other Brooklyn places nearby. Unterkunft entspricht genau den Bildern und der Beschreibung. Sehr sauber und gut mit der U-Bahn erreichbar. Kommunikation mit Martin verläuft sehr gut. Martin was a great host! Very accommodating. Convenient location and very clean. Thanks! The place was modern, clean, and close to stores and public transportation. Really cool apartment and bigger than I expected! The location was nice because it’s by three different train stops, and everything felt very secure because of the door codes. Martin was great with communication and provided a lot of great suggestions of things to do in the city! Would definitely stay there again. A perfect flat for one week stay. I was surprised by its equipment, loved the toaster and tv :) It is located very close to the subway, though takes some time to get to the typical touristic spots (which is totally fine as NYC is huuuuge). Would stay there again! Muchas gracias Martín por todo! La pasamos genial. El departamento fue perfecto, limpió y moderno, la cama super cómoda y la calefacción siempre encendida para que no tuviéramos frío, Martín contesto todas nuestras preguntas rapidísimo. Recomiendo su hospedaje , definitivamente volveriamos !!! Very beautiful apartment with a personal style. Modern kitchen, clean, great shower and bed. All the amenities we needed. Close to subway and deli nearby. Martin is an attentive friendly host. Answered texts right away. We are sure to come back! Martin was very welcoming and provided us with great tips what to do in Brooklyn. The apartment was lovely decorated and cozy to come home to after a long day of sightseeing! Highly recommendable  Martins place is exactly as shown and what I was looking for. A comfy spot to stay and come home to after a day/night out in NYC. Martins apartment is a stylish place within 4-5 minutes of walking distance from the subway and convenience stores. Easy access to downtown Manhattan, superbly clean and very warm during the icy winter. We visited during the New Year and could enjoy the festivities in Manhattan while Martins place was still quiet enough to get proper rest. The place was lovely!  The apartment is well equipped and warm! The kitchen has stove and fridge, a living room with TV and even a netflix that can be watched to by cell phone! You wont regret it! We had a lovely time staying in Martin’s place in Brooklyn. It was cozy, clean, centrally-located, and the door code system made everything feel very safe and secure. Martin was friendly and communicative, and he had good tips on where to eat in the neighbourhood! Would definitely stay again. Absolutely wonderful! Martin was a great host. The apartment was lovely and really convenient for the subway. We really liked the neighbourhood- real Brooklyn. A great base for visiting fabulous NYC, What a lovely, private, easily accessed spot! Daughter and I loved it!! Muy lindo apartamento con buenos y atentos anfitriones. Muy cerca de la parada de metro hacia Manhattan. Great stay in Martins place. Really stylish decor, very clean and  all amenities (lovely tea, coffee, shower gel, shampoo!) provided! Location was great - only a minute walk from the nearest tube stop and supermarket. Check in was really easy and all doors lock via a code, means you dont need to remember a key! Also restaurant saraghina and bar nearby (half an hour walk) were great!  Only issue was we couldnt work out how to off the heating so it got very warm at night (although I think this might be a common thing in NY as it was the same in a previous airbnb I stayed in...) The apartament is great. It is very confortable and very well located in terms of subway. It has all you need inside.  O apartamento é muito legal e confortável. Bem servido de metrô e tem tudo o que se precisa dentro. O anfitrião é muito rápido e prestativo. A vizinhança é tranquila, sem barulho. The apartment is in a well connected part of Brooklyn. You get to see the real city!  Martins tips and info were great and all coms were helpful and prompt. The apartment is perfect for a stay, all amenities work well and are of great quality.	1
293	Great deal, very nice host. Great location located close to Grand Central Station! Super clean and modern place. Highly recommend! This was my first AirBNB stay and a great experience. I had no issues contacting or entering the apartment. Happy to stay..... The pictures don’t do this place justice. It is super nice and in a great location that is close to everything! This was My first time at Airbnb and was a good experience. I booked last minute and Haley was very helpful, I was worried I wouldn’t have any privacy bc it’s a living room space but It was private and comfortable as well as clean. Haley’s place is nice for a short trip to the city in a central location.  The bed is comfortable and the living room is cute! She worked with us to pick up the key which was very helpful! Haleys place is great. The pictures on the website do not do a real justice to how nice her apartment is. The space is welcoming. The apartment is in a great location.  Haley gives you a lot of privacy. I highly recommend staying at her place. Great value! Central location. The shower was amazing! The room is amazing, the ubicatio is perfect to wlak around and meet different places, is very nice and clean. Clean place, great location, and friendly!	1
294	"Ys was very nice and helpful! We are her first guests and she did everything to make the place welcoming and comfortable. The apartment was fantastic! Very well decorated and very clean. Location is also great, only two blocks away from Subway Columbus Circle. A 10-minute walk to Lincoln center, Metropolitan Opera and Carnegie Hall. I am very happy with my stay! The listing description was very accurate and the location was perfect in terms of proximity to central park, columbus circle and midtown. The apartment itself was very quiet and a perfect place to finish each day. Ys was a good host making sure that she met us at the apartment when we arrived even after our delayed flight.  Excellent stay, the host was very helpful and always available for us. I stayed with my family. The location is superb. I would have no doubt to come back again. Ys apartment is fabulous!!  Beautifully decorated & meticulously clean!  She has a lot of ""rules"" but dont let those deter you from staying here.  They show how much she cares about her home & that she wants to provide you with a well maintained space. Every detail is covered...coffee maker, blow dryer, ironing board!  Lots of closet space so you can comfortably unpack.   The location was perfect!  Two blocks to Columbus circle...walking distance to a lot of attractions....short Uber rides to any where you might want to go!!  Easily a 5 star stay! I stayed with my family and in-laws (5 ppl total) for their first NY experience. The apartment and our host made our Christmas holiday trip a delightful one. The location was a good fit, not only within the walking distance (2 blocks) to Columbus Circle to take the train, but also when taking a cab, it was conveniently away from the busy traffic streets. The apartment was clean, cozy and comfortable. All rooms (kitchen, bathroom, bedrooms and living/dining area) had a very clean & modern feel, and provided everything that we needed. Communication with our host was great, which included offering a list of top recommended places to visit/eat. Our host was available to us upon our arrival and made sure we were taken care of. I definitely would come again with my family and have also recommended the listing to friends planning an upcoming family trip. The host canceled this reservation 66 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Its a lovely apartment, accurately described and Ys provides lots of amenities. A great experience for us. The one thing is that it is on a low floor on a busy street (with a pretty popular bar on the next block), so you need to be prepared for street noise at night. Nothing to be done about that, just if youre a light sleeper be forewarned. This apartment was perfect for our stay for a conference taking place in Times Square. We could walk, Uber, take the subway or bus easily to anywhere. The home is extremely clean and well equipped.  The beds are comfortable and the bathroom is really well done with marble countertops and a heated floor. There is plenty of storage space to put away your things while you are there. Beautiful new refrigerator and easy to use appliances.  The host was helpful and made sure that we had what we needed. The rules were fine and did not detract from our enjoyment in any way. It just felt like we were being good neighbors and house guests. The building is bright and really convenient. I would definitely want to stay here again!  Lappartement est conforme aux photos : agréable, confortable, propre, bien décoré, et spacieux pour notre famille de 5 personnes. La situation précise est à langle de la 10 ème avenue (Website hidden by Airbnb) minutes à pied des transports de Colombus Circle).  Notre hôte nous a facilité notre départ en autorisant une sortie plus tardive, nous avons pu profiter jusquau dernier moment de nos vacances. Lovely apartment in great location. A short walk to the station, shops delis and coffee shops nearby. Small,cosy and bright apartment located on 6 floor in house with elevator.Less than 10 minutes walk to Central park,Columbus circle.  Located in quiet area, with restaurants,food and wine shops nearby.  The apartment is well equipped.There is dishwasher,refrigerator with freezer ,gas stove in a kichen and hairdryer and many towels in (Website hidden by Airbnb) TV in living room.  In march (10-15C), in the evenings when we went back from day activities it was quiet cold in (Website hidden by Airbnb) was turned on at 5am with strange loud noise ,so we woke up.It would be good if we had been warned.  Unpleasant is nonstop background noise from huge ventilation systems located on the roof  of a neighboring house.  Usable beds were comfortable.Except bunk bed second level as it was swaying and unstable,should be fixed to the wall!Windows in the bedrooms are closed with film and were not possible to open.  We found some black hair in our bed and bathtub.Otherwise apartment was clean.    Generally flat is satisfying .Neighbors are quite and there is not a lot of people that you can meet in staircase.  Thanks Ys for hosting us!     YS mi ha fornito le normazioni necessarie allaccesso allappartamento. Abbiamo avuto uno scambio breve di messaggi e poi ha mantenuto le distanze, quasi non volesse farsi coinvolgere dallospite. Le pulizie non erano perfette ma YS ha reagito molto prontamente risolvendo la questione. Lappartamento si trova in una posizione davvero comoda: in 10 min raggiungi i mezzi pubblici, in max 40 min qualsiasi parte id NYC. This apartment was perfect for us, a family of 4 people. It was nice, what we expected from the photos. Ys explained very well how to find the address. The area is really good, just 5 min walk to Central park.  We had a nice stay here! Its hard to believe that a family of six could be comfortable in a 2 bed 1 bath NYC apartment, but this place for the bill perfectly. We loved the location and close proximity to everything including the subway. The host was great and check in/out was very convenient.   Nice views from each room and not directly on the street which minimized noise. Being on the sixth of six floors it was nice to have an elevator as well.  Ys communicated very clearly with us prior to our arrival in New York and was very quick to answer any questions we had.     Ys is very friendly and helpful, however also emphasises the house rules around quiet arrival (not disturbing or interacting with neighbours) and check-out times. Worth bearing in mind depending on what kind of place youre looking for. For us it worked fine.    Ys apartment is a very nice size, clean, and in a good location - about a ten minute walk from Columbus Circle and Central Park (good for transport. The bunk beds are a little creaky for grown adults, but that aside, the apartment is well furnished. The apartment is exactly as described and the pictures are a true representation. It was clean and had everything we needed to make our stay comfortable. We really enjoyed the central location, only an 8 minute walk to Columbus Circle where there is a Whole Foods and a Subway Station that will get you just about anywhere. I never actually met Ys, but she is easy to contact by phone and was available every time I needed to talk to her. Dont be put off by her guidelines. Shes only trying to protect her asset. This apartment is excellent value for 4 people in Manhattan.  This cosy, clean and well furnished New York style appartement is situated very central; close to columbus circle (5 min walk), central park and 5th avenue (15 min walk). I stayed here with my parents and my sister. It was a pleasure to stay in this lovely appartment. We had to respect the rules and be quiet, but for us that wasnt a problem. Ys reacts fast, we could even stay half a day longer so we didnt need to stall our luggage. We would definitely come back to this place if we visit New York again.  The apartment is nicely located 10 minutes walking from Columbus circle/central park and close to hells kitchen area. It has a lot of space and is very cozy. Ys was quick in replying to all of our requests. Only notes from our side are the constant background noise from ventilation system located on the rooftop of the beside building and the bulk bed which should be fixed to the wall as it now moves and makes noise if the person on top level moves. Overall a good experience at Ys place.  Ys place is perfect if you travel as a family.  We booked this place was because its very close to Lincoln Center and we can easily walk there.  The place itself was nicely decorated, very conformable and cozy.  As soon as we walked in the apartment, we feel like we are at home.  Thank you Ys and Sara for hosting us!  Top equipped appartment. Dont need to take towels or hair dryer- all there. Very clean and top modern. We felt very comfortable. The appartment is two blocks away from col. Circle, so perfect located to reach all subways you need to discover the city. Thanks for hosting us. This place is very well appointed and we had a lovely time. Its a stones throw to very good restaurants, including one right next door called The Greek Kitchen.  The pictures of the apartment are pretty accurate and the place is very clean and well furnished.     The description was right on, very well furnished, great location.  Ys kept in touch during my whole stay.  Near everything, Central Park, Lincoln Center, and Columbia Circle.  Subway.  Great Pizza place 2 doors down. We just had a great stay with two kids! The apartment is very centrally located - just couple of minutes from the Central Park, 9th avenue with all its restaurants etc and exactly as described. We could return here next time in NYC! Thank you for hosting us Ys! The apartment was exactly as was described. There were four of us staying there and it was very comfortable . Wifi and cable TV was great. Air con worked well and the apartment block was quiet. Location was great and close to Columbus Circle and Central Park. Ys was very helpful and she was always available to answer questions. Ys is a great host and we would recommend staying here.       Our family had a great stay at Ys apartment, everything is great, thanks. The apartment was ideally located for accessing the subway and all tourists sights. Great to be walking distance to Central Park.  We are a family of 4 with 2 teenage children and the apartment accommodated us perfectly. Great place! Ys is accomodating to check out to allow a complete stay on New York. Very attentive and very nice apartment. Perfect !  Nice apartment, well located and comfortable. Ys made our stay in New York very easy and profitable. The photos and descriptions conform to reality and everything was as we expected. Highly recommended    Bonito apartamento, bien situado y cómodo. Ys hizo que nuestra estancia en NY fuera muy fácil y pudiéramos aprovechar muy bien el tiempo para visitar la ciudad. Las fotos y las descripciones se ajustan a la realidad y todo fue tal como nos esperábamos. Muy recomendable This apartment is well located for Central Park, Broadway and Hells Kitchen. It is a lovely comfortable apartment. Be aware that the host has a lot of rules, including rules around how you communicate with her, rules for luggage, rules about the neighbours, etc. while none of these rules concerned us and we were delighted to comply with them, the constant reminders to follow them and comply with her methods of communication made us feel uncomfortable. We had a great time in New York staying in Ys apartment. It is in a great location and the photos are represent the flat/apartment well.   We followed all the rules that came with the flat and a majority of them are just common sense. Limpio bien ubicado  We felt welcome.  Excellent location!! Walking distance to everywhere, and very close to Central Park. Everything was as described.  We loved staying here. The property was immaculate and well equipped and in a good location. We were a little nervous about all the rules that we were made to follow and that made us feel uneasy.  Great apartment. Perfect for us with 2 children (7 & 13).  Nicely furnished, well equipped. Only thing one could comment on is that the ACs of the neighbor buildings are present. But this is the sound / noise you will find in most flats and hotel rooms in NYC.     Great flat. Super easy stay! Recomendable   我们这次的团队有4个人,都是男士。大家反馈比较多的是房间比较小,对于4个人来说,空间不太够。相对来说,可能这个房源比较适合时间比较充裕的私人旅行,商务型的不太合适。房子的地理优势很明显,离地铁不算远,楼下的街上杂货超市和餐厅也比较多o(^_^)o Lovely comfortable and well appointed apartment in an excellent location. Only downside the noise of the air in units outside.   Easy to get around the city both walking and being near the subway. Lots of good restaurants locally plus laundry facilities and supermarket  We spent the first week of November 2016 in Y´s apartment. This apartment is more than spacious, especially for New York standards, sleeping easily 4, up to 6,  well and really nicely equipped, in a good location and nice neighbourhood. The whole transaction with Y was smooth and straightforward.There are a lot of rules to follow, however, most of them make absolute sense. Highly recomended. appartamento in posizione strategica, silenzioso, spazioso Tolles Appartement. Liebevoll eingerichtet und alles vorhanden. Für vier Personen ideal. Sechs Personen wegen einem Bad  etwas eng.  Ys hat sich immer wieder nach uns erkundigt, ob alles i.O. ist. Great location, very pretty place with nice furnishings. Had a great time! Ys apartment was as portrayed in the photos. We were however (and unfortunately) disappointed with the lack of working stovetop and oven due to a gas outage in the building, and the location being a long two blocks from Columbus Circle.   While the host was quick to respond to our messages about the stovetop and oven we were ultimately disappointed with the stay.  the cleaning lady who let us in was excellent  The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Lovely well appointed apartment. Bathroom needs renovation in tub area due to older water damage due to incomplete waterproofing of the area.  Chilly at times. Need more blankets. Many rules- (to keep quiet) not really a problem but didnt like that we were told not to indicate that it was an airbnb. Lovely Greek restaurant right next to apartment. Close to subway, Central Park and Columbus Circle shopping. Overall good experience.  We had a great week in NY! Nice appartment with a great location. Well equipped and near to everything This apartment met its description. It was well located. Spacious for a New York apartment. Quiet. Comfortable beds. Adequately equipped. We would stay there again in a heart beat.  We loved staying at this apartment. Its very spacious compared to other nyc apartments I stayed. The whole apartment is fully equipped with luxury towels, blow dryer and comfortable beds. Also nice that tea and coffee is free in use :) thanks for the late check-out! Great place to stay within walking distance to Colombus circle. Only comment is that the apartment is a little bit noisy due to the A/C   We loved the location of the apartment and we didnt have any trouble meeting Ys special requirmernts.  A great spot for families.   This is a great place to experience New York. The building and the apartment are in great condition. The host is really helpful!  Ys apartment is pretty much true to the pictures. Lovely decor. We got in late but key was left under the mat for us so no issues. Beds really comfortable although the bunk is not ideal as every time you move it creaks and wobbles. In the end we took the top mattress off and place on floor.  Despite all Ys rules, they were no issue. Make sure you take ear plugs as if you are not used to Airconditioning noises all night it can be a problem.  Easy walk to Columbus station and Central Park. Wifi worked well. In all I would recommend staying here.  Great host enjoyed our stay. Good new and modern place located near many good places to eat.  The appartment was excellent for my family and I. We had 4 nights and did see alot of New York. It was easy to find the appartment, and the communication with Ys was super. I recommend this to friends and others Thanks alot! Great fit for our family of four (two teenage boys).  Apartment rules were basic & easy to follow.  Apartment was stocked with coffee, toilet paper, paper towel, and etc. Air conditioning was a plus on our hot & humid week in NYC.  Would return visit.  Thank you, Y! I was traveling with my husband and two kids. We had a great stay, very conveniently located. The apartment looks like the pictures. Check in went smoothly. Would definitely book again.   Thanks for hosting us!  H This is a great place! Really nice place in a great location! Would stay here again! Very nicely decorated and clean - well located close to Columbus Circle and easy to work with YS the host. Really beautiful and well-appointed apartment. The bathroom even has numbered hooks — brilliant! Not quite as close to the park as the description suggests, and the constraint of one bag is inconvenient and cumbersome. But the SUPERFAST Internet forgives all! Nice and sunny appartment. Great location, cute spot.  We had a problem with the shower draining but everything else was great! Great location, quiet building, great for a girls weekend! A estadia foi muito boa no geral, o apto é bem localizado, os quartos são confortáveis e a decoração bem bacana. Valeu a pena! Excellent apartment - exactly as on the photos. Great location - would be happy to stay again. Great location in the heart of New York City! We found many great restaurants within walking distance, and street parking was available, as well as a garage a block and a half away.  Would highly recommend this place for a true NYC experience, and cant wait to come back. Our booked apartment was not inhabitable because of a heating problem. We were informed 2 days before departure. But Ys organized a replacement The host canceled this reservation 3 days before arrival. This is an automated posting."	1
295	justine was awesome very helpful The house is at center of it all. #4 to down town is just two blocks away. Burnside avenue is two blocks south of the house. Thiss where you can all you can eat Chinese restaurant,Dominican restaurant andAfrican restauran This is the third time I have stayed at this place and its is a beautiful place for couples and singles alike with all the listed amenities and a lot bigger then expected with a lovely su view and beautiful moon light view beautiful place to stay  This was place great for the money we paid. I dont know if all the rooms are like this but ours was clean and spacious. We had a mini fridge, great AC, and clean towels and linens. Sharing the bathroom was not inconvenient. It is in the Bronx so getting to the subway was interesting but the neighborhood where the house is felt safe. The room was clean and had a bed and a couch, so it was perfect for the three of us. We did not use the kitchen during our short stay, but it seemed to have everything youd need.  Justine was very responsive when we got there and walked us through the house over the phone.  We found street parking very easily and the subway station is just a few block away.  Wed stay there again! Justine was an amazing host. She did everything for us to feel comfortable. She is very easy going, patient and friendly to her guest. If I go to NY I will definitely stay there again :) Staying at Justines home was simply perfect! Our room was very clean, it felt really cozy, and we loved the vintage feel of the room. The bathroom was indeed a shared one, but in our 5 days stay, we never had to wait for somebody else. The house also had a fully equipped kitchen, and the wifi signal was amazing (one of the best in US Ive experienced). Justine was very responsive to our requests, and even if we didnt meet her until our check out day, we felt like she was there for us everytime. The neighbourhood where the house is located felt safe, but the walk to metro station was scary sometimes on late nights, even tho we never had any problems with anyone. We are sure going to come back if well get the chance to. If you want to go in this house run away!!!  If you like to sleep in a bed with curtains instead of sheets and with fleas its a place for you.   If you want to be awake at 1 am by someone trying to breack up the door : its a place for you.  In addition Justin didnt care.   If you like having your shower in the dark : its a place for your.   If you like to eat on a durty floor: its a place for you.   Finally wich you good luck staying there. The value was excellent. We completely did not expect to be able to find a place that comfortably sleeps 3 for less than $40 a night in New York. Although the location was a bit far from downtown, we were happy with how close the place was to the train station (about a 7-8 minute walk, with luggage in tow). Thank you Justine for welcoming us personally, and showing us around the place and explaining everything to us. We did not use the kitchen, but it is also stocked with condiments, spices, and tools if you want to cook at home. Justine does a great job with the place. The location is prime and Justine is very helpful and accessible. BOOK THIS PLACE NOW! . this place is great for couples or trips. It’s 4 blocks away from the sub to manhattan and connections. The room is very very clean and spacious. We were able to use all the amenities without any issues. Justine is very kind and friendly. Didn’t have any interruptions or any downs about our stay.	0
296	Stayed here for Pride 2017 with a friend just to crash for the night. Loved the neighborhood, little kids were playing around the house and it just felt like a chill community. The house was clean and neat and the cat was very respectful of our room. But if you need to, you can always close the door so he cant get in.  While our paths never directly crossed, Virginia left a really nice note and was often available through text! We had a great stay!!  Great little place!  Highly recommend.  The host was probably the best part!  Shes the sweetest, thanks again Virginia! Virginia is an amazing host and the apartment is about as close you get to JFK for the price. Highly recommend! We enjoyed our stay very much. The A/C was amazing and the bed was so very comfy.  The little note we saw when we came in was a very cute touch. We had the place to ourselves till 9pm and we had a lot of fun. The place was clean, sigma the cat was adorable and the bed felt amazing!!!  Comfy place, nice neighborhood, funny cat, and an extremely nice host. Would definitely recommend!  This place looks exactly like it does in the pictures, but has a comfy vibe to it! We travelled during some pretty hot days, but coming home to a/c in our room was definitely appreciated!  The location is deep into Brooklyn, but the place was a 3 min. walk to a subway station with 3 different connections—this made traveling all over nyc easy!  Lots of late night grub and delis around, as well as grocery stores, laundromats, and two sweet coffee shops (one with awesome bagels!!) about 15 mins down the block! It was the best new york experience yet! Virginia is a very nice and friendly host. She gave us really precise explanations about her appartment, you wont get lost ! We felt at home from the very begining. The room is nice and cosy and we had a lot space to store our stuff (in the kitchen and in the bedroom). I recommand this place ! We had a very nice stay at Virginias place. The room isnt huge but big enough, ACs working well, kitchen is well equipped. Lovely apartment in Bushwick. Room was incredibly comfy and I had a great nights sleep, instantly felt at home! Location right next to the train so very convenient! Great stay!! Private bedroom with a large bed. Also enough space to hang your clothes and lay down your suitcases. AC was also working fine! Recommend it to anyone, only not for people with cat allergies.  Good location but there was some noise because of subway A lovely little apartment in Bushwick. Its right off of Broadway to catching the train to Manhattan and vice versa is really easy. And the restaurants around the apartment were sooo good. The next time I need to stay in Brooklyn Ill definitely come back! I had a great time in New York. The place is really nice and the bed is huge. The metro station is super close and it takes a few minutes to get to Manhattan while you enjoy a great view by crossing the Williamsburg Bridge. This was great! Very worth it. Enjoy your stay here! Great stay. Great cats. Great host. Convenient location. Comfortable and affordable place to stay. The bed was insanely comfortable, as if I was sleeping on a giant fluffy panda bear! Our stay at Virginia´s place was just perfect, it was a walking distance to subway.The apart was cosy, calm and well equipped. We had a constant communication with virginia. I definitely recommend it. A quiet, calm place perfect for relaxing! Quite spacious private room on the J line between JFK and Manhattan. Virginia was kind, helpful and available for every question. Very good choice and great value if you dont have to stay in Manhattan. This was in a great location! Close to the subway and about a 20 min ride to downtown/one world trade center. Sweet kitties too! Virginia was nice and let us borrow a hair dryer when I realized I had left mine. She also provided a small heater and fan in case we got too hot/cold. Apartment was a good size and spacious. Highly recommend. We really enjoyed our stay at Virginia`s place. She`s lovely and helpful, the check in and the check out were very easy (flexible) and our bedroom was perfect (clean and spacious). The kitchen had everything we needed and we felt like home.  Close to metro station (3min walk) and it takes 30-40 minutes to get to Manhattan.   The only negative point of our staying was that the bathroom was really dirty. The sink and the bath were nasty. Well located very close to the J line with a 30 minute ride to the city. The space is very nice and close to JFK. Perfect for the price! Good value and close to the subway, easy check-in and check-out.  Great situation 5 minutes walk from a subway station (30 minutes from downtown). We found the room clean and comfortable but the bathroom was dirty. We didnt used the common places. We saw Virginia once during our journey but the explanations she sent us before arriving were very clear.  .  A great place to stay . 역에서 거리가 가까워서 맨하튼 가기에 편했고 , 큰 마트도 근처에있어서 좋았어요 고양이들도 상냥하고 집에 돌아오면 마중도 나와줬어요 ! 좋은가격에 편안하게 지낼수있었어요 ! Virginia gives spectacularly thorough details for checking in. She made the process seamless and her place was quirky and comfy. We didn’t see her much as she has a busy schedule, but she was welcoming and friendly when crossing paths. Thanks, Virginia!!	1
297	Nice enough place and Lucia was a great host. Private room that locked was a big plus. The kitchen was a little messy and apartment door was difficult to lock. The radiator at the foot of the bed was really loud and difficult to adjust so room was a warm when sleeping. But overall a great experience! Great experience, perfect location ;) totally recommend it!  The room was okay. The tiny apartment smelled vile. It is a 4th floor walk up which was not disclosed. Personal clutter everywhere. Dirty dishes in sink  A very nice stay at Lucias place. The apartment is close to everything (subway, grocery stores...). Lucia was always available when I had questions about the city and she gave me good advices  Lucia and her mother, Svetlana, were delightful hosts. The room is as pictured, the bed is comfy and the location in midtown Manhattan cant be beat. The apartment itself is quite small, so you get a real taste of New York living. Its a 4th floor walkup in a location handy to everything Manhattan has to offer. Lucia provided just the right balance of interaction and privacy.  Adorable host. Cozy room. It was awesome. If i go to NY again. I wanna go there again.  Thank you good host!! See you Place was neat and clean. Only drawback was that the post never said that the apartment is on level 4 with no elevator Lucia was very polite and readily available when needed. The apartment lock was confusing to open (and close) so this made my experience a bit frustrating in the beginning. The apartment is relatively small and the sheets on the bed where I slept did not appear clean. The shower is extremely small and I was hardly able to apply soap on my body due to the lack of space. Overall, it was a bad experience but I would recommend this place to someone who is   for a place to stay.  I felt welcome. The room was just as listed. Perfect location. Thank you!  Lucia and especially her mother Svitlana made me feel very welcome. They cooked very good breakfasts and even lunch one day i was around. Warm hospitality and interesting conversations! It was my first time that an AirBnB host treated me as if i were at a real Bed and BREAKFAST!    The room description was accurate. The photo is exactly as the room is. The bed was large and comfortable. The bathroom size was small; that was perhaps the main drawback. In that nice area of New York, space is at a premium.      Neighborhood is convenient and safe. I really enjoyed it.    If you stay there, be sure to remember that Both Keys (street and apartment) turn the opposite way as one would expect. That will save you some frustration. ;-)     Great place overall. Id gladly stay there again! Lucias mother was there to let me in and show me the apartment. She was very welcoming and nice. In terms of location you really cant fault it. Whilst there are many other places to stay in the area that will cost significantly more, if like me you only need a bed and a hot shower then this is the place. It is clearly lived in so be under no illusions that it is like moving into a pristine hotel suite. Very comfortable large bed and surprisingly quiet given the location. Highly recommended for a no bells and whistles place to have a good nights sleep.  I went to Manhattan with my mother for 10 days. We were really excited about it. The neighborhood was really pretty; the location was great. But we can’t say the same thing about the apartment, nor the Airbnb company. The apartment was as seen in the pictures. We stayed there with Lana, Lucia’ s mother. She was polite and encouraged us to use everything. The problem was that the kitchen and the bathroom were very filthy and messy. When the owner used the kitchen for cooking her dinner, did didn’t clean up and left the pan’s dirty for days, the garbage was left for days, as well, in the same bin, which smelled around the place. We did not use the kitchen for this reason, we were not comfortable using anything. We had breakfast out of the house every day. The bathroom was dirty too, full of the owner’s belongings, living no space not even to place our shampoo when taking a bath. Hair was easily seen everywhere, on the floor, or the sink and shower. This was the beginning of our big disappointment. Towels and bedclothes were not changed in the 10 days. The room was nice as the pictures showed, but there was no space for us to use, were to put our cloths; only one drawer for both of us. Due the lack of space and the large luggage we took the room looked a bit messy, we would have liked to put our belongings in a closet. We had no room to walk around, it seemed as if we had rented a bed instead of a bedroom. The closet had the owner’s things, so when we closed our room door with a key to keep our belongings, she would open it whenever she needed. There was no sense of privacy what so ever. Once or twice we found the closet’s door open and in one occasion we found the room’s door completely opened as well as the window, the owner claimed that it was to air the room. I consider that we should do this, not her. Once we returned to the apartment we didn’t found our pack of chocolates in our drawer, it was in the kitchen… as if the owner had been eating them. This issue increased even more our disappointment. I received a message from Lucia saying that they had to change the keys of the apartment because when Lana arrived the door was opened, claiming as if someone had come in. So we had a new set of keys. We didn’t believe this story. When we returned to Argentina my mother noticed that she had some things missing like a scarf, 5 pashminas, and a Gap white cardigan and maybe other things that I didn’t notice yet. Rounding up, our trip was great because we made the best of it, but the Airbnb experience was very bad, we consider that the company should check the rentals. Who will be responsible for the... Lucia was great.  Really enjoyed the room and breakfast.  Great location.    Would recommend to others.  Nice job, Lucia! Lucia and her mother made us very confortable. Lucia even helped us carry our suitcases over the 3 flights of stairs that you have to walk to get to the apartment. The spaces in the apartment werent very ample but we could manage. It was well located and the price we had to pay was very convenient. The bedroom had air conditioning which was a life saver great location, quiet, clean, convenient.   everything you want in New York  Lucia welcomed us and let us in and she is nice and friendly. During the stay, we have met her mother who is very helpful and did some cleaning of the house. The location is terrific, basically close to everything in midtown. And you can take the train going to lower town and Brooklyn etc. The room itself is fine with air conditioning but there is not much space to put our stuff, can barely walk in the room once we put the suitcase on the floor. The closet is full of Lucias clothes. Bathroom is pretty small. Except that, everything is fine. Greeted me with a fresh cup of tea. Great neighborhood and just a gracious hostess. Tiny apartment, comfy bed, was 4 flights up. Didnt see anything for breakfast but dashed out to the many restaurants in the neighborhood. Close to shopping, subway, etc. VERY convenient location. Apartment VERY small, typical of NYC, but no place to just sit and watch TV to relax...just open door, 10 walk to room, thats it. Bathroom was cluttered, very difficult to get ready to go out. Oh well, cheaper than the big hotels.  Met my expectations Bardzo dobra lokalizacja - samo centrum Manhattanu, blisko do Times Square, bardzo bliziutko do Central Parku. Bardzo szybkie Wifi. Sprawna klimatyzacja. Świetne połączenie metrem. Doskonała baza wypadowa do zwiedzania całego Manhattanu. Dobre połączenia metrem na Downtown (Brooklyn). Pokój malutki ale bardzo ładny i przytulny - taki sam jak na zdjęciach. Nie było problemów z zameldowaniem się i wymeldowaniem. Gospodarz traktował nas miło. Łazienka i sypialnia czyste. W kuchni bałagan.  A nicely located accommodation. Room adequate in a clean but very small apartment. Very good hospitality. She was wonderful host!! Never met Lucia, but she seemed nice and was quick in responding. We just met her mom, who was nice too, offerd us food for breakfast, but it also seemed sometimes that she was kind of annoyed having us as guests :/ the room/flat is tiny, the location was ok (close to central park south), all in all for us it was too expensive for what you get :/  Lucia is so helpful! My flight was delayed, during which, Lucia kept communicating with me, making sure I can get in door even on 1am at midnight!  The place itself is a snug, lovely,  with great location. Since I only stayed for one night, all I can say is the bed is very comfortable.   Overall, I recommend this place. Great location. About 20min walk to central park. 5 minutes to subway yellow lines and 10 to blue lines. 4th floor with no elevator. Narrow steep stairs. Room was small but ok, but no curtains at all so the room was completely bright when the sun came out at 6am. Bathroom was the smallest Ive ever seen, Im petite and could barely fit in the shower. Same with the kitchen, super small. My last morning the host was very loud and woke me up. She also knocked on my door to tell me I needed to be out in 30min (it was 11am), even though she hadnt told me in advance. My friend and I felt very welcomed and the check-in / check-out was seamless. Overall we both had a pmeasant comfortable experience! The host is very nice and welcoming girl! She is outgoing and help me how to explore in NYC. But the room is very crowded and full of stuff. It is kind of different than picture. The kitchen has smell from the sink. It seemed they need to clean it.  The bathroom is really small. Overall, it is good price to stay but room really need cleaning for guests.  Lucia was very accommodating and hospitable.  Apartment was very reasonably priced comparing to hotel rates in the area.  It was a great location in midtown with lots to see and eat!  I would definitely rent from Lucia again. Communication with Lucia before we arrived was okay. She responded well to things that we asked and the time that we would arrive was not a problem.  We slept here for 6 nights and the sleeping area was fine. It all can be cleaner and perhaps some space for your guests to hang their clothes. Everything was in full of her own stuff.  The bathroom was really a disappointment. It is very narrow, I can still find me in here, but there is so much rubbish, that I do not understand how you can live here.  For example, there are six toothbrushes and very much bottles of stuff. If you clean up this is all a bit neater and it looks all a bit bigger.  The kitchen I was in shock. We could make use of things, but I found it all really a bit dirty.  The whole time there was on the kitchen counter a little bit of food. F.E. half a banana, then a chewed corn cob, a pan where old milk was to make coffee (it was there the whole day). I just cant understand that things cant even clean up, because you know you have guests who pay a lot of money.  The fridge we could use, we have made place ourselves, because there wasnt any. Good experience for 1 night in New York. Lucia was kind and helpful. Transport was convenient. But the room was a little bit cold at night.  This is very reasonably priced and clean. It was a bit noisy at night and I would recommend being very clear about check in times. Overall I would stay here again and found the location to be very convenient for shopping and seeing friends in the city.  The host is very nice and welcoming but the apartment is too small - the room is pretty small and the bathroom can barely fit 1 person inside. This is too small place to host another person. Lucia is very nice and friendly. She was also very flexible with our luggage which was very helpful for us. I also had very stupidly messed up our dates and she was very understanding. The apartment in itself is very small (the bathroom is tiny), but the bedroom is a comfortable size. This wasnt a problem for us since we were there only to sleep and spent the whole day out, but if you want to hang out in the apartment, it is quite cramped so keep this in mind.     Otherwise, really great experience with the host.  Great location, Lucia was a good host and very flexible with the check in.    Extremely small kitchen / breakfast nook & bathroom.  I had a great time in NYC and had welcoming accommodations!  This place was dirty and really small. The heater in the room was a fired hazard.  Awesome hosts. Very nice and accommodating.  Overall a great stay. Lucia was very flexible with both check in and check out, allowing me to hold luggage with her for the day after checkout. She provided towels and the room was clean and comfortable. Space was tight, but thats expected in NYC. The only thing Id warn about is that the bathroom is really tiny, even by NYC standards. It is very clean though, so no issues there. Although Lucia is extremely friendly and accommodating, I just didnt feel that the amount of space you got for the price was worth it unless the location is of particular value for you (it was for me).   Overall, Id say if you need to stay somewhere in the upper east side, this is a great option for going to the Cornell Med center, Central park, and more. Just dont go in expecting a lot of space. She was very nice and willing to make our stay as comfortable as possible A great small place and I had requested very last minute and she helped me out, I also was grateful she likes my pet too.  Highly recommend,  Easy to find subway and enjoy life here!!! This was the best Airbnb experience I ever had !! Lucias place was great! very clean! She made me feel at home, and even shared some of her closet space with me. The room has a desk to work which came in handy for me.  Lucia herself was fun to chat with as well, and very responsive to my texts and emails.  The location of the apartment is absolutely great, 10 min from 5th avenue! The host was welcoming and very helpful. Id definitely stay again.  This is a very centrally located apartment, the bed is large and comfortable and the internet is fast. This is central Manhattan, so of course the apartment is small, but this is not important- it is comfortable and the location is prefect. Wonderfully cozy spot. Could run to Central Park, wasnt difficult to meet friends in any part of the city. Lucia was a great host as well, responded quickly to any questions I had.   I spent a fair amount of time in the unit, notably it was always warm-even when there was still thawing ice outside.   Would definitely stay in again.  Lucia is really nice -- she was eager to help make my stay nice. Let me borrow her iphone chord and helped me get back to the house when I got lost. The room is big for NYC although the house is cozy. I recommend staying here and really appreciated the hospitality. We spent a great time at Lucias place. She made it really easy for us to check in and check out. The place is ideally placed, and not far from the subway. Lucia was easy to communicate with about check in and she was friendly upon arrival. The neighborhood and building felt safe, which was my main concern traveling alone in a city I dont know well. I was also happy the bedroom door locked. Not because I didnt trust her, but it just gave me extra peace of mind at night. The bedroom was clean and big, for Manhattan anyway. The bed is quite firm. The kitchen and bathroom were small and cluttered but clean. I would ask for a tutorial on the shower first because I didnt know which knob was hot and almost burned my skin off. But once I figured it out it was fine. The bedroom was stuffy at night, but I read other reviews saying that said it had AC so Im guessing she just didnt have it up yet since it was an unexpected hot spell. I only stayed one night and would have asked about it if I had stayed longer. It isnt unusually noisy for a city apartment, but I would suggest ear plugs if youre used to dead quiet like me. Overall, it was good for a short stay. Longer stays may be challenging to some, especially if you arent used to city living. The apartment is exactly as pictured in the photos, very small but pretty perfect for a quick stop in the city which is exactly what I needed it for.   However the check in was painful. Late after we had agreed upon a time, bed was unmade as if someone had just used it, no clean towels - had to use hand towels. Host was cleaning while I was checking in which made me more late to my client dinner.  It is a very small apartment but the location is great.  Lucia is very nice and kind.  I enjoyed staying this place. Great host.  Great location.  Nothing more you can ask for. The host canceled this reservation 12 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The apartment has great location, the bed is really comfortable and big, it is a very quiet place (no noises, easy to sleep :D) . Great thing: very flexible with the time for check-in and check-out. Furthermore, I have diet restrictions and she took care of that, supplying proper food for my stay. Something to take into account is that the apartment is 4th floor by stairs. I recommend her place!!  Lucia and her mother were excellent hosts. Easy to contact and very helpful in general. The apartment is in a great location and the ac is very good which is a must in an nyc summer. I would thoroughly recommend staying at Lucias place  Central place to every where in midtown, Manhattan, small apartment, no Tv, no lift, 3 floors, small bathroom, no noisy. Lucia was a pleasant host.  The room was nicely kept and spacious by NYC standards.  However, the Wi-Fi was weak and inconsistent and the bathroom is very small.  The shower on particular is impossibly small for a decent shower experience. A very handy location. Good location. Good for one night stay. La recomiendo ampliamente, muy buen ubicado, barrio seguro y a 4 cuadras de la 5ta Av / central park. Es un departamento pequeño muy pequeño, pero así se vive ahí, la mamá de Lucia muy amable, las dos muy atentos, sin duda regresaría por la seguridad y cerca del subway Great location for a simple one or two night stay. Lucia was super helpful and even dropped off keys to me at a restaurant while I was out to dinner since some scheduling had got moved around on my end. Lucia was a very kind host! The bed I slept was extremely comfortable. For a guy like myself who was traveling for work, it was a good place to stay. Apartment was exactly as described. Small and cosy but in a great location and for a great price. Has exactly what you need for a short stay in Manhattan! This tiny apartment, conveniently located (a few blocks away from major subway station), is functional for a very short stay in Manhattan. It is quiet too. The host provides the basics and responded to my messages timely. She kindly helped me move my big luggage to the floor through narrow stairs.  But the bathroom is tiny by any standard, one can hardly enjoy the shower ( even as a small Asian woman, I had hard time moving around) and the host had so many stuff in the bathroom and the kitchen that the place felt very cramped and untidy.  Ther is little space to hang clothes in the bedroom, no chair to sit.  The floor in the bedroom could also be wiped clean. I also wish there were some real functional curtain/blinds in the bedroom.   In all, if u will stay out most of the time, this place is an option for a short stay, but dont expect much. Lucia’s mom has been hosting me for the stay. She waited for me until late for the keys, and is always very kind. Location is very central, subway stations and shopping are only blocks away. Shower is indeed a bit small but not too surprising for Manhattan. There were rats under my bed though, think the problem runs with the whole building.	0
298	Bernadette was very welcoming and helpful. It was our first time in NY and she helped us figure out the subway system. Her place was perfect! Very comfortable, Around the corner from the subway and in a nice, safe neighborhood. We enjoyed our stay. Would definitely come back!  We enjoyed our 2 weeks stay at Bernadetts apartment. She was friendly and let us check in earlier, also she responded to our messages instantly. It is bigger than the pictures show and it was perfect for our family of five, really spacious and comfortable. However, we would have liked to have a bit more room to put our clothes in a wardrobe.   We had some trouble with the hot water in the shower and the heating, but we told the doorman and Bernadett and it was fixed immediately!  The location is great: subway to Manhattan and shops and grocerys stores around the corner.   We would recommend it. The room is small and you need to be aware there is a little dog that does make messes in the house so you need to watch where you step. When he gets excited he leaks. She is very nice though Bernadett und ihr Sohn waren sehr reizend. Es war ein toller Aufenthalt, die Lage war sicher und dennoch waren wir in nur 27 Min am Timesquare. Der Hund war süß, kaum bemerkbar, aber leider etwas unsauber. Die Hygiene war eher mangelhaft. Alles in einem waren wir zufrieden. :) Bernadett a été une bonne hote. On  pouvait rentrer et partir à notre aise, à nimporte quel heure. On est arrivé très en retard mais elle a été très arrangeante 公寓楼,交通便利。附近有中餐和华人超市 Extremely close to MTA and Queens Mall	0
299	I really couldnt have been more content staying at Rays place in the UWS. The unit was spacious, comfortable, and in a great area. All of the amenities in the listing were 100% accurate. Ray was fast to reply and wonderful to work with. I would stay again in a heart beat. We had a lovely stay at Raymonds place.  The location was fantastic, right in the center of the best of The Upper West Side.  The apartment was roomy and had everything we needed to feel at home.  A good choice for stay in New York!   El barrio era excelente, en una zona muy tranquila. el apartamento es tal y como se describe en el anuncio.  Ray aún no estando en New York nos hizo muy fácil la estancia con Ayuda de su hermano, que fué muy amable.     This neighborhood is wonderful -- right  across the street from the Museum of Natural History, and one block from Central Park. A very family-friendly area, which was nice for us and our toddler. The apartment was just right for our needs, plenty of room for three of us and really quiet, plus it was really clean. Ray helped by getting us the key and responding to questions. There was a small snafu when we arrived because we didnt know the apt number (and no names were listed), but Ray texted with the info.  I had a really great stay at Rays place. The apartment was exactly as described and Ray was very easy to deal with.  His brother Michael was especially helpful in meeting me at the apartment many hours after my agreed arrival time due to flight delays.  The neighbourhood was a real highlight for me - close to the park with great restaurants close by and close to the subway.  I would definitely stay again Thanks for everything! Great location one block to subway. Good place for young people. Raymond Was very kind and he assisted us at every moment    Pros:  -great communication with Ray (he wasnt in town but sent an email asking if everything was ok)  -neighbourhood is amazing...quiet, close to Central Park, subway and many great restaurants  -overall apt was a great size for 2 adults and toddler  -Ray lent us his daughters small crib, which was great for my daughter  -Apt is on the 5th floor and the elevator was very useful/appreciated    Cons  -bathroom was very tight and it was hard to give a bath to my daughter   -took awhile for the hot water to warm up in the shower (at least 5-7mins...thats with not turning on the cold water). I mentioned this to Ray and he offered to contact the super if it bothered us...I told him not to bother as we managed  -the lights on the ceiling fan in the living room stopped working on the 4th day (out of 6 days), which was a little frustrating as it was the only light source in the living room besides the TV  -I dont know if it was the previous guest (who stayed prior to our arrival) or it was like this prior to their arrival but the was a LOT of dust at one end of the rug in the living room    Overall the pros outweigh the cons and I would recommend this place...especially for a family with a baby/toddler.    Tip: bring/buy your TP! I forgot to ask if included. My daughter and I had a great stay at Rays apartment. The location is absolutely fantastic, and it is definitely spacious for a NY one bedroom! We also found it to be nice and quiet, which was great since my daughter is young and needs her daily naps. Would definitely stay there again. El departamento se encuentra súper bien ubicado! El contacto con Ray fue muy bueno, respondiendo a nuestras consultas de forma inmediata. El departamento cuenta con todas las facilidades; sin embargo, hubiera sido conveniente contar con algo de espacio para acomodar nuestras cosas...   Fue una buena experiencia, resaltando la excelente ubicación del departamento!	0
300	Jase was a wonderful host: friendly, accommodating and thoughtful.    His upper west side  apartment was lovely and clean w/beautiful views from the living room, kitchen and bedroom.    The neighborhood is terrific with subway stations, stores and restaurants very close by the apartment.    Id stay there again in a NY minute!           Jase apartment was amazing . Space in New York City! Perfect in every way . Jase is supercool and has one of the best book collections for just picking up and delving into.  Amazing Spot .   Nous avons passé un magnifique séjour à New York dans lappartement de Jase. Il est très agréable et nous nous y sentions vraiment comme à la maison. Nous avons apprécié en particulier lespace important : un grand salon et une belle chambre, et une vraie cuisine semi-séparée. Apparemment ce nest pas courant du tout à New York ! Nous avons aussi beaucoup apprécié la lumière, la vue dégagée, et quelques beaux soleils couchants (lappartement est au 16ème étage). Quant à lemplacement rien à redire : il est dans un quartier calme, avec un accès rapide à plusieurs lignes de métro différentes, et à Central Park qui est tout près.  Pas de souci à larrivée ni au départ, Jase sest adapté à nos horaires de vols et à notre compréhension approximative de langlais, cétait très sympa.  Très bonne expérience, nous avons déjà commencé à recommander cet appart autour de nous ! The host canceled this reservation 15 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Jase was able to accommodate me last minute, which was terrific.  I was a little concerned since this was by far the cheapest place available, and I assumed it must have a fatal flaw. It didnt. I stayed 5 days and everything went smoothly. The room is great, the rest of the space is huge and super nice, and the other people in the building are friendly.  I only met Jase for a couple minutes, but he seems like a good guy. And he goes out of his way to make sure you have a nice stay (gave me a note about the place when I arrived, even had little hotel toiletries in the bathroom!)   Definitely recommend. Jase was a wonderful host. He was at the apartment to give me the keys and showing the place. He communicated very well.  Jase is very  friendly and thoughtful. He was also very flexible concerning check in and check out. His  apartment is such a great place. Lots of space, clean, big windows, lots of light and great wiews from every room.  There is everything what you need. The neighborhood is safe, many subway stations near by, reataurants, stores and Central Park just a block away.  I would stay there again anytime.  Thanks Jase! Fantástico! Hemos estado una semana y ha sido más que perfecta, el piso es mas grande en realidad, la cama es súper comoda y grande y tiene todo lo que puedas necesitar. Ubicación excelente. Los porteros y vecinos super simpáticos. Repetiriamos sin dudarlo, lo recomendamos 100%.   Jase un anfitrión genial, joven y amigable desde el primer momento estuvo atento a cualquier cosa que necesitaramos, una buena bienvenida y es muy simpático.  Hemos pasado sin duda una gran gran semana en la ciudad, en parte gracias a Jase que hizo que nos sintiésemos en su apartamento como unos auténticos neoyorquinos. Mil gracias.  We had a great stay at Jases apartment! Jase was very nice and very accommodating as we arrived very late (and left very early), and communication was very easy. The apartment was indeed very big, clean and well located. We would definitely come back! We had a great stay at Jases apt. Everything was perfect: water pression, bed, kitchen, heating, wifi and laundry. Jase was friendly and helped us when we needed.  The apt is bigger and nicer than it looks in the pictures and its close to transportation, groceries and delis. Beautiful neighborhood, hope to rent it again next time, thanks Jase for everything!! Jase was a friendly host again.  He was at the apartment to give me the keys and showing the place. He was very flexible concerning checking in and checking out. His apartment is such a great place. Lots of space, clean, big windows, lots of light . There is everything what you need. The neighborhood is safe,  subway stations near by, reataurants, stores and Central Park just a block away. I would stay there again anytime. Thanks Jase!   El departamento de Jase está muy bien ubicado en el Upper West Side. De hecho está a una cuadra de Central Park y muy cerca de las líneas 1, 2, 3, A y C.  Además hay muchos restaurantes y supermercados cerca. El departamento es amplio y el edificio tiene vigilancia durante gran parte del día. Volvería al departamento de Jase sin dudarlo. Muchas gracias Jase por todo!!! The apartment is very well located, on the 16th floor, with security at the entrance and a nice view from the balcony. Near the department there is MetroBus and Bus station. We would definitely come back!  Jases place is perfectly located, roomy and great for 1-2 people to stay comfortably. We were able to check in and leave at our convenience, and he was very helpful in answering questions, even offering suggestions. Would definitely recommend! Jase was an amazing host. His place is great! Very clean, very cozy, very safe, amazing view and extremely convenient location! Would definitely stay here again!  Jase was a really welcoming host. He was able to accommodate us last minute after our original accommodation fell through and made our stay comfortable and enjoyable. The apartment was spacious and clean, with a well equipped kitchen, comfortable bed and the added bonus of fantastic views from the windows and balcony.   The location of the apartment is fantastic, with close proximity to the 1, 2 and 3 subway lines that run regularly throughout the day and night. The area felt very safe and relatively quiet, but with Central Park a 10-minute walk away we still felt that we were in the centre of the city. There’s a good selection of shops, restaurants and bars nearby including 24 hour pharmacies (especially helpful for us as our bags were delayed), an excellent pizzeria where we ate about 3 times and night time gelato bar a couple of blocks away.    We were really happy with everything and would definitely stay with Jase again if we ever come back to NYC. Jase was a great host. He made me feel really comfortable and welcoming. He has such a positive energy. He was at the apartment to give me the keys and showing the place. He was very flexible concerning checking in and checking out. His apartment is a great place to stay. Lots of space, clean, big windows, lots of light, not too much stuff. Everything went so well. There is everything what you need. The neighborhood is safe, subway stations near by, restaurants, stores and The Central Park just a block away. I would absolutely recommend his place and I would stay there again anytime. Thanks Jase! Very comfortable & spacious flat, well equiped. We appreciated the localisation, near central park and in a calm &safe neighbourhood. Jase was very easy about our timing of arrival. We would recommend this flat. Its Fantastic! Hands down. Im quite sure there is no better word to describe Jase and his place. Jase is such a great, calm, happy, helpful, kind and lovely guy. My girl and I came from JFK very late and he helped us a lot waiting in his place, sacrificing most of his night sleep (Im sure most people wouldnt had done that). His place is cozy and very comfortable. It makes you feel at home (even when you are far away from it). Rooms are nice and clean with a full kitchen if you wanna cook and a large living room to spend some time watching a good movie or a game. Neighborhood is very calm, secure and quiet, especially at night. And if you plan to visit tourist attractions such as Times Squares, dont worry: Jases place its about five minutes away from the subway station. So, to sum it up: Jase is an amazing host with an amazing place and I hope I can stay at his place next time I come back to NYC. Thx Jase for your hospitality, fast and clear communication before, during all my stay at your place. God bless you.	1
301	After issues with our flights getting cancelled only half of our party was able to make the trip.  They were placed in a completely different unit, not the one in the pictures.  This unit had password protected television and wifi that were not accessible.  Overall it was a very bad experience. This was a super spacious apartment! We really enjoyed the apartment - it was the real Midtown high-rise experience.  The beds were very comfortable and we all slept very well. Be sure to check out the lounge on the top floor of the building. Wonderful clean apartment with amazing views and walking distance to Times Square.. Quick responses from the Host and clear instructions about everything you need... Condo is clean and comfortable, and very convenient location. Good location, nice quiet space.  Spacious for 5 guests. The apartment was beautiful and the location was very good. There were no issues during our stay!	0
302	Matt. was an EXCELLENT host! The house was beautiful and very clean, nice furniture and appliances, nice heating and cooling... Matt. Was very understanding and accommodating at ALL times! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE AND WILL BE BACK! Thanks for having us! This was a fantastic find, the place is super nice and Matthew is extremely accommodating and great with communication! There is so much room, great for multiple people to stay in. All brand new appliances and clean floors, super comfy queen mattresses. This is definitely 5 stars. A very safe and secure place as well and the neighborhood is very quite. I will be back for sure!  The place is really nice. Lots of space and very comfortable and convenient location to the train. Fully loaded fridge which was appreciated! Only issue was the house alarm outside the apartment door was beeping the first night due to some technical issue, that said Matt worked quickly to resolve the issue and refunded the first night which was really appreciated.  We loved Matthews place.  Its exactly as the pictures show.  Matthew supplied a gift box of local goodies and coffee, eggs, bread and jam were supplied. This was very much appreciated. Its a lovely touch.  Matthew himself was also very welcoming and helpful. Theres nothing we could say that wasnt beyond our expectations except that the layout of the bedroom downstairs offers more privacy than it looks like in the photos.  It really is a perfect place to stay. We loved the area. Everything you could need and want is right there. Its simply perfect.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND! Matt was a wonderful host. From the get-go great and rapid communication. He was able to offer suggestions of places to go and direct us to public transportation. Parking- we drove into Brooklyn and the parking spot was either in front of the house or just a block or two down depending on the days of parking restrictions. The house- beautiful, clean and plenty of room. Has all the amenities you could possible need. We comfortable fit 4 friends without being in each others faces. I dont want to spoil the house you really have to see it for yourself. Will definitely go back! Thanks again Matt!  Great place for a family, both our sons were happy with the space. The location was beautiful, the L Metro train right around the corner, and art murals 10min away. Matthew was an awesome host and we are grateful he made our trip fun and easy. Thank you for the wonderful welcoming if i could give Matthew 10 stars i would! his place is in an amazing location to the L train which will take you to the city. the apartment is clean and very safe to say at. Matthew is very understanding with situations and will help you with anything you need to his best ability. i will definitely stay at Matthews place again when i go back to New York!!  Very convenient location close to L subway station (5 min walk) and a deli and a Dunkin Donuts shop. Matthew was very responsive to my text messages. The apartment is spacious with two double-beds and a sofa bed. Ideal for a family. The place was awesome, Matthew was also so great, 24/7 available amd shows up like 5 min after any call when needed even at 03 am :) would love to stay again. Btw the place is like 1 min to subway L which goes directly to manhattan, key food is a huge supermarket which is 2 min walk away and lots of locals like delis and so on at 1 min walk away. Great place, great man  Probably one of the best Airbnb’s I’ve rented at, because the host himself made it worth it. He provided eggs, milk, bread, and cereal for the house! It was perfect for my family :) My niece especially loved the Mac n’ Cheese, so sorry Matthew… you are out! The apartment itself was very clean - everything was new. The pull out bed was even comfortable itself! He was very communicative, but it was even more awesome that he brought flowers since the contractors had to fix something in the basement! My mom asked my dad why doesn’t he get her flowers though, so… haha. Thank you, Matt! Matt went above and beyond as our host on many many levels, and we cannot thank him enough.     The unit was spacious, trendy, clean and comfortable! He even offered us a choice of beverages for check in.    -would book again. Absolutely amazing place to stay. Matt was an amazing host, leaving us a nice little hamper on our arrival. Matt was very accessible and happy to help in any way. The apartment was a great size for 4 adults and perfectly located to get into Manhattan and see the sights. I would definitely recommend staying here and will be staying again next time I come to New York.    Matthew made it very easy by helping me park my truck so I would not have to move it during my stay. He help me carry in my luggage and provided directions on how to use the subway. Super close and easy. We leftvsnacks and sparkling water for us. It was fantastic we will stay there again. Matt is nice and thoughtful, the apartment is really clean and cozy. The location is good, very close to the subway station. Its a nice place for family to stay. 100% recommendation! Best airbnb experience ever. The place is big super modern and clean! Matthew is very helpful and easy to contact. Many items in the kitchen you can use. We also cook breakfast there. It is a wonderful and perfect experience. 100% recommendation! Great place, very easy to get to Manhattan from here. The place looks pretty modern and Matt keeps it well maintained. Thanks man Absolutely amazing place, with fantastic hospitality and a really good feel, very modern touches to the appartment and plenty of room for everybody. Best host I have encountered so far on airBNB. 10/10 would recommend!!! Beautiful place and a very helpful and kind host. Couldnt recommend this place more! Matthew is awesome!!! Super accommodating and always a phone call/ text away! Will definitely stay here again :) The house was all that we expected and more    Matthew was a great host   Very helpful,attentive and always checked in on us.   My family and I have been to New York several times but staying at his place made it all worth it.  The experience was outstanding.   He always was around to answer questions and offer suggestions.  Great neighbourhood.  Minutes away from the subway, free parking, walking distance to shop and buy food.  He left everything that we needed for example pots, pans dishes, cups,breakfast items, snacks, refreshments, tioletries, extra towels.   I can go on and on.  I would highly recommend this place for anyone who is planning to travel or visit New York.  It is was totally an amazing experience.  My kids loved everything about the place as well as the arcade that he had in the house.  I wish that I myself had something like that at my house.  It brought back child hood memories.  Thanks Matthew. Great guy and very smooth operator in the AirBnB world - hes got it down pat!! We had a great time at Matthews apartment.  We are architects, so quality matters to us, even on a short stay.  The space is bright and modern.  The photos give an accurate description of the quality you can expect.  It is a very comfortable size for four in an interesting neighborhood.  We found some great cafes within a few blocks.  Matthew is a very welcoming and natural host. Matthew was very good host and was very easy to reach for any questions and/or suggestions. He provided beer, chips and cookies to enjoy. Our family especially enjoyed the arcade loaded with games from my childhood. I highly recommend his place, if youre looking to explore a different part of the city. The accomodations were great! A spotlessly clean apartment with amenities! Convenient clean and modern Really close with subway and all hospitals. You could feel like real New Yorkers as a town. House is nice and well secured with comfortable beds. You can even laundry without efforts to take all laundry outside. Im sort of having trouble if i move the place for sleeping but i slept like my home in real. A.C is everywhere and even heater works and nice blankets. Ill definitely gonna stay here if i get chance to come. Once again thank you so much Matthew with all welcome beers and capsule coffes and snacks!! Matts place is exactly as described in the listing. Very clean, close to public transportation and convenient to get to Manhattan. The house is stocked with everything you might need. Communication was easy. We had the pleasure of meeting Matt. He left some treats for us in the house! Great experience and highly recommended. Mathews place was great! Cool location. Next to many local restaurants. The apartment itself was very clean. With all the amneties. And a cool video arcade.  Mathew was an  excellent host. He provided clear instructions. Recommended great local spots and was very attentive. Thank you again for your hodpitality  Matthew was extremely easy to get in contact with, very kind and polite and his place was great. Id definitely stay here again Brooklyn was a great place to stay and the L line is easy to get into the city. The flat was lovely, very spacious and Matt was a great host! Would stay there again in a heartbeat! This is a great spot with lots of room.  Matt was a great host and was very helpful in making us comfortable.  Definitely leaves some good food in house and nice video games downstairs. Tolle Unterkunft, sehr neu, sauber und komfortabel. Check- in und Check-out dank Matthews Hilfsbereitschaft sehr einfach und unkompliziert. Würde jederzeit wieder dort buchen. Kann Matthews Apartment nur allen empfehlen. Anbindung an Manhattan dank der in 3 Min zu Fuß erreichbaren L- Subway unkompliziert und schnell in 15-20 Min zu erreichen. Auch die Gegend um das Apartment herum ist typisch  für Brooklyn und sehr interessant. Our first Airbnb experience was at Matthews place and now all the others have alot to live up to. The place looked exactly like it did in the pictures. Lots of good sleeping space - in the bedroom upstairs we slept two adults and a toddler on the pull out mattress (It was perfect for her vause it was between the bed and the closet and she couldnt roll off it), two more adults slept downstairs (and with an airmattress you probably could have put one or two more down there). Nice hangout space - couch (the most comfortable couch) and table with two chairs.  Big tv with hulu/netflix/etc. The place is super clean, sit on the floor and play with a toddler clean. Great kitchen with hip and cool appliances (there is even an hidden dishwasher). Lots of the little things you dont think of - like air freshener or dish washing detergent. Great bathrooms - big for a small space, waterfall shower and the toliets have the awesome different flushing options. Air conditioning works nicely. The downstairs doesnt have one...but that wasnt a huge deal. Easy check in and check out.  Clean/modern and great.  If you are looking for a place in Brooklyn - stay here! Top Very stylish place and a quick walk to the subway. Easy to find a parking spot on the street too His place is very clean and he contacted me so quick. I highly recommend his place. Easy to access to Manhattan is also good point. Excellent value, fantastic location, very comfortable for 4 + travellers. Matthew was very responsive. Very recommended! Matthew’s place was modern and sleek, located just about a 3 minute walk from the nearest subway that will take you into Manhattan! I found the neighborhood very authentic, and it was great to live like a local for a few days- $3 for a pineapple and 2 mangos, yes please!!   Although we weren’t able to beat the high score on the arcade game, we enjoyed the amenities offered in his home, especially the special care package and thoughtful tips! I highly recommend booking with Matthew, he was very accommodating and communicative! Cool space, lots of room, good spot near the L. Matthew was a great host. Logement conforme à lannonce, très agréable et moderne. Nous étions 2 adultes et 3 enfants (19-16-11 ans) et nous avions assez de literie. La borne arcade a fait grosse sensation auprès des enfants. Le quartier est assez calme, linsonorisation est légère on entend assez fort les bruits de la rue mais comme précisé cest tranquille comme coin. Le métro est tout près, il faut compter 30-35 minutes pour rejoindre Manhattan. Matthew has got to be the most accommodating host ever. Not only did he allow us to leave our luggage with him so we could have a later check out, he gave us tips on nearby brunch spots and was always super friendly. He was so quick to reply to my numerous messages on check out time. And there was even goodies for us when we got to his place. Everything was super clean and the location was decent as well. The subway is literally around the corner. Thanks for everything Matthew! This was our first time staying at an Airbnb and I have to say the experience was great. We were 3 adults and 2 kids staying in New York for 4 nights.  Matthew was a great host who constantly communicated with us. Check-in was super easy, beds were comfortable, location was safe and quiet with easy access to the subway and the kids loved the arcade games and TV selection. We found street parking in front of the place 3 out of the 4 nights. On Sunday night, we had to park about a block away--Id say thats pretty darn good for parking in New York. Thanks Matthew! Clean apt, Matt is very friendly and prompt host! Will come again You will love the location near the L train; your trips into the city are a breeze. Matt does a great job checking in with you and giving you great traveling tips. We took the subway day 1! The heaters kept us nice and warm on those chilly nights and the snacks  where an excellent touch .  Matt is better than a concierge at the finest hotel.  Cant wait to go back, we will definitely stay here again. The place was beautiful and spacious for that area. It was also very close to the L train and the Uber fare from downtown Manhattan wasnt expensive either! I recommend staying here! Exactly what we expected! Great place to stay in a great location! The interior, the host, the location, everything is perfect. It is best to spend a good time in New York. Matthew was an amazing host ! We had a wonderful time!! I wanna move there actually ;) We loved our stay at Matthews apartment. He is very responsive with our questions and has made our stay very comfortable. Location is great as subway is a street down which is an easy access to major parts of NYC and the airport. I highly recommend any travellers to Matts place - a very clean stylish accomodation with easy access to all of NYC. Amazing stay! Great location! Stylish apartment, extremely clean! Great host Beautiful place, great value, Matt is awesome and super responsive Matts place was nothing short of amazing. First floor of a newly built building, 1 block away from the L train, and lots of great cafes/restaurants within the area. Matt went above & beyond by including little amenities to enhance our stay (free snacks & water and tips for local restaurants & bars).  Since this is a new building, the amenities are top notch and modern. You will find a spacious living room with a huge TV with Netflix, Hulu, & much more included. The kitchen is sleek, clean, and even includes a dishwasher! The main bathroom has a waterfall shower and was spotless. The bedroom was spacious and comfortable. Both the upstairs living room and bedroom had a a/c & heat unit.   Overall, I would definitely recommend anyone to stay at Matts place without hesitation. The place is stylish, spacious, and clean. Plus, it is right by the L train and located in Bushwick which has a number of cool bars and restaurants. We had a great stay and highly recommend! Perfect location, beautiful place and Matt was extremely responsive and helpful. Matt was a great host, one of the best I had. Communication was so good, he made sure our stay was delightful. I highly recommend. Clean, comfortable, close to l train to Manhattan, safe neighborhood Matthews place was very spacious and clean. Great amenities and great location very close to the subway and a few restaurants. Matthew was very responsive and was there for anything we needed. He even stopped by beforehand to drop off his personal charger since we forgot ours so that was pretty awesome. Thanks again Matthew and would defiantly like to stay there again in the near future! Very clean and spacious apartment. Matt goes out of his way to accommodate guest and is excellent with communication. Would highly recommend! Great place, from the moment I checked in to the moment I checked out I wished I was staying longer. Very stylish and spacious. Many thoughtful touches. Great value for the location and space. Spacious with with two nicely renovated full bathrooms. A must in our situation with a family of 4 traveling together. Hard to get that anywhere near NYC for the price. Although we spent most of our time in the city,  my kids loved playing the old school games on the arcade console. The snacks provided were also a nice touch. Matthews communication was always timely and he gave us many recommendations. We will certainly look to staying here again. The place is awesome. Very easy to communicate and Matt is super cool. Our friends were visiting from MN and they really liked the place.The apt is super cute and cozy. Thank you! Matthew’s place was really neat, nice, stylish and AWESOME. Matthew is so kind and super host ever! Thanks a lot! :) Excellent hospitality, communication and cleanliness! Absolutely amazing apartment, great hospitality, would recommend This place is amazing, spacious, has a full kitchen with everything you need to cook with, & a video game system! Also has lots of good spots that are in walking distance.  Matthew was very helpful and super accommodating. Would definitely stay again. I’ve always been skeptical about staying at an Airbnb but this trip was AMAZING. The house looked even better than in the pictures. The pictures under sells this comfty home. When you step inside you’ll be amazed at how nice it looks. There are even little pictures that hang in the bathroom that are so cool. The host communication was great. He responded in less than 5 minutes. He gave great tips and was able to answer all my questions. I would definitely recommended this place. Thanks for being so awesome!! Matthew was a great host, the apartment was clean and very comfortable for my family of 4. The complementary snack and drinks were a nice touch, we’ll definitely be staying here again on our next trip to nyc! Really wasnt sure what to expect since it was the first time. The house is awesome, its super homily and comfortable. Much better than the pictures, the location was really convenient. And Matt is a great host! Matt’s place has a unique layout and would be great for a family or 2 couples. It was just me so I mostly stayed upstairs but the apartment is a steal for the price! Highly recommend! Matts place is very stylish, spacious, and fun! He provided great snacks, beers, and traveling tips. The location was perfect for what we wanted to do: eat, drink, and dance! Theres also an arcade console with many classic games, which my friends especially enjoyed. 1.5 bathrooms, comfy beds, and sofa couch accommodated us 5 very comfortably. Would absolutely stay here again and highly recommend to future visitors! Matthew’s place is amazing! It’s beautiful, clean, close to public transportation, and his personal touches just add on! He’s super nice and super helpful! I’d no doubt stay here again! Matt was such a great host. The apartment was very clean and matt was always willing to help us with any questions we had. Really enjoyed my stay at Matt’s place. The location was great, apt was clean, bed was very comfortable and the modern kitchen/modern bathroom is a must for me. I was looking for a private getaway and got exactly what I wanted. It is great for families as it has plenty of space for everyone.  The second bathroom is a plus. Great place and great host, would definitely recommend and comeback The location is amazing. About a block and a half away from the train station. Just close enough to get into the city, but enough space to not be around the hustle and bustle. I truly enjoy the space it was excellent for 3 to 4 people. Matthew was very accommodating and provided additional guys, snacks, and just all-around support in a very timely fashion. I would definitely stay there again should I have her come back to Brooklyn. Clean and stylish place to stay! We enjoyed our stay. Great location, host was quick with responding definetly would recommend this place Mats place was very clean and as advertised. That arcade is really a classic and a lot of fun. Also the home is near lots of transportation and everything else you can ask for . All was well I definitely recommend this to others. Everything was perfect from the minute we got there till the second we left. Great place host extremely polite and accessible Nice home The place was wonderful and homey. It was the perfect amount of space and everything was very clean. Matt was very easy to contact and so thoughtful to leave snacks out. The downstairs bedroom is by far the best one. I melted into that bed after a busy day in the city. The only thing I would say is that we were charged a $50 cleaning fee but then asked to clean up after ourselves in the directions left for us inside. We would definitely rent again if it were available! Matt was an excellent host! I felt as if I was in my own home! His response were quick and his suggestions were amazing. I will definitely be staying here when I return to NYC! Thank you Matt his home is very clean very cozy furniture is very comfortable would definitely book again	1
303	I arrived to a very clean and beautiful room. Mariya even placed a desk in the room for me so I could work there. The location is perfect only 5 minutes from the beach and you can see the beach from the window. Her two children and her are great hosts and super friendly. I did not have any problems with communication before and throughout the trip. They were very helpful and I can only recommend staying with them. Thanks for having me over thanksgiving. It was great meeting you!  We stayed at Mariyas apartment for 3 nights. The apartment is very clean and very well situated (right on the beach, next to the train and only 30 min ride from Manhattan). Mariya was very helpful in giving directions and a very pleasant host. Nothing to complain about, loved the whole experience. Would definitely return. It is a nice room with airco. It is close to the beach, only a 3 min walk. To downtown is a bit far (50 to 60) min. We did not book it to be close to Manhattan, so it was fine for us. If you want to realy explore Manhattan, this might not be the place for you. If youre looking for a place near the beaches of Coney Island, this one might be good for you!  It is a nice room with enough space. Mariya is very nice and always willing to help!   I stayed at Mariyas for 2 days. She was warm and hospitable. the room was a great space with an air conditioner. I thoroughly enjoyed the balcony, the close walk to the beach, and the neighborhood. The apartment was immaculate and Mariya was available to offer suggestions on restaurants in the neighborhood.  In some ways, I felt like I was in another country. The neighborhood is rich in Russian culture. I am also a photographer and I had so much fun seeing boardwalk life.  The beach is much less crowded than Coney and I will go back again as a getaway thats only 30 min from Manhattan. To me, its an  affordable escape than other places. Mariyas apartment is gorgeous and spacious and she is very warm and friendly!!! The place is very clean. Two towels were provided on arrival	0
304	We had a great stay at Lawrences apartment. Incredible location in NYC. Very comfortable place. Nicely decorated. Had everything we needed for our time in the city.  We stayed in this fabulous flat for six days on our first trip to New York.  It is beautifully furnished, everything works (!) and it is perfectly situated for getting anywhere in the whole of NY easily. We would certainly come back, and would recommend it unreservedly.  Lawrence was very helpful and accommodating - we arrived late in the evening and he went out of his way to make it easy for us.  Five star accommodation! Lawrences apartment was absolutely stunning! We felt so at home and so comfortable during our 4 day stay in New York City. We would absolutely come back to this apartment if the opportunity presented itself.     Living room is way bigger than it looks in the pictures  and the balcony is about the greatest thing ive ever seen. Kitchen is tiny but has everything you could possibly need for a few days in the city. Bathroom is beautiful with fantastic water pressure(rare!) and Lawrence has very high quality towels and linens, which adds a really nice touch. The bedroom is a great size with an extremely comfortable bed that makes it easy to spend a lazy day in the city.     Thanks for everything Lawrence! The host canceled this reservation 9 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 47 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The place was amazing and exactly how it is described!  Lawrence was an amazing host	1
305	The apartment was great! Although I was a little nervous about the neighborhood at first, everything ended up being completely fine. The apartment was very neat and clean. Stefys boyfriend (Im sorry I forgot your name!) was very welcoming and even offered us breakfast in the morning. The door to this room led to a little backyard which was nice. Overall it was a really good experience. Great place really convenient and close to Subway clean and tidy but I just wanted to say a big thanks to the host which made our last days in NY a really nice experience thanks again guys I will be coming back!!!!  A wonderful place to stay in Brooklyn, good connection to Manhattan and nice and clean room. Unfortunately we just stayed there for one night, but it was great, thanks a lot! everything was clear and according the info here at airbnb, we have been accommodated well. Recommend to all Byron made my friend Carla and I feel right at home. He, Byron cleaned the bathroom everyday, made the cleaning supplies very accessible, offered us food, hes a great young man to meet.  The neighborhood looks sketchy, if youre not familiar with Williamsburg, but its actually a very nice, quiet side of Brooklyn... The apartment is beautiful! Byron provided me with an extra blanket for me to stretch out on the floor, since my friend hogged the bed lol... I dont have anything bad to say about my experience with them. I look forward to staying with them again on my next trip to the East Coast. We would have stayed longer, but they were booked. With great hospitality like that, I imagine they are booked all the time... You guys have got to teach these other Airbnb hosts how to behave :-D   Thank you so much guys...Orlando Rokes, from Laguna Beach, CA I totally recommend this place. Fabeye is a great host and nice person and he made me feel at home, always ready to suggest and help. The area is ok and really close to the subway stop for Manhattan and other areas of Brooklyn. The apartment and the room are nice.  Cheers Great room, Fabeye was very helpful. would stay again.   Great stay in NYC! Fabeye was si nice and helpful! Et il parle très bien français... Proche du métro, chambre propre, lits très confortables, hôte accueillant et disponible même si tél. tôt en matinée!  Par contre, appartement fumeur. Un gros plus: stationnement gratuit dans la rue!!   Bien vérifier  si cest pour lappartement en entier ou juste pour une chambre, car je pensais avoir loué un appartement mais lautre chambre et le salon étaient occupés.  accoglienza gentile e calorosa!!  ragazzi carini .  Il posto è comodo perché vicino alle metro (a piedi in 5 minuti)!  cambretta con letto matrimoniale e armadio. Fabeye was a great host. He was friendly, welcoming, and flexible with our flight times. Based on the posting we were expecting to be a little closer to the subway, as well as some more dining, shopping, and activities. Overall we did enjoy our trip to New York. Our stay at Fabeye was very pleasant. Its kindness and its availability touched us.  Room was well and all furnished. In the pleasure to return Fabeye provided pre-arrival information promptly.  Bryan gave me a good facility/access overview. The picture of the room with single and double bed was the one I used.  Bryan was friendly and very helpful getting to local facilities.  The G and J/ M subway lines are within an easy ½ mile walk.  Planet Fitness is also nearby.  Takeout food and small grocery stores are close by.  Smoking was occurring indoors which resulted in keeping the room door closed 24/7 and was not revealed when I described myself as a non-smoker pre-arrival.  Unfortunately I had to leave early to which Fabeye provide a prompt refund per the cancellation policy. The reservation was canceled 22 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Fabeye made every effort to make us feel at home. He is very kind and hospitable but his housemate is loud, disruptive and unfriendly. The TV in that room is up loud till very late in the night. It was a struggle to get to sleep before 1AM most evenings. We stayed here in 3 persons. Be aware that the bedroom is very small for 3 persons, maybe nice for 2.  There was no space to hang or store clothes or bags. Although Fabeye kept the common areas clean, the bedsheets were heavily stained and inadequate. Note that this is a smoking house.    The neighborhood is quiet and safe. Excellent proximity to the subway to get to Manhattan but also the JFK airport. Fabeye est très accueillant , il nous a tous de suite mis a laise . De plus lappartement est très propre et bien situé .   Il  parle français ce qui est un avantage , il nous a beaucoup informé sur les itineraire à prendre pour visiter New York lors de notre séjour . Je le recommande fortement .    Fabeye nous a très bien accueilli. La chambre et la salle de bain étaient très propres et lappartement proche du métro. Un très bon endroit pour visiter NY sans se ruiner avec un hôte très sympa :) Fabeye was an exceptional host. He was friendly and very accommodating, allowing me to drop off my belongings ahead of checking in. Place was clean and bed was comfy. Recommended for those whore visiting short term. Staying with Fabeye was a blessing, he was very helpful and always provided the best hospitality. He knows a lot about New York and was always willing to share that information. My room was more than I expected, its very large and comfortable. I would definitely stay with Fabeye again!! Fabeye is a nice person but i would never recommend to stay there. His TV was on and super loud all night, alarm clocks ringing as of 6am and the must: we got out of the room at 8am and a huge puff of weed to our nose. Apparently his friends were asleep on the dining table completely high. My cousin ended up venturing to the bathroom and one of the guys tried to enter. I understand from Fabeye this was an exception but we spent all morning finding another hotel and just left as soon as we could. He refunded only that one night and says that was nice of him. I would not call that being respectful.  Good place to stay. Close to manhattan and in a safe neighbourhood. Fabeye is a very nice and helpful man. The place was clean. I would definitely recomend it to anyone. I will stay there on my next trip to New York. Très bonne adresse facile d acces en métro... (Website hidden by Airbnb) stations....acces direct jfk via j z ....hote tres sympathique qui  parle francais....ambiance chaleureus . ...like at home...Ill book again for my next trip in new york... I wanted to visit New York and fabeye gave me some good plans it was a cool experience with a really nice host. Thank you fabeye ! Fabeye is a very nice guy and I had a good time staying at his place.  The room is as described and leads to a nice backyard.   The place is close to the JMZ line and also to the G line, which makes easy to get around with the subway. Many grocery stores and shops are close by, in a safe neighborhood.   So overall, I had a nice time there. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. I had a wonderful stay at Fabeye´s place and felt at home from the second I arrived. Fabeye is a sweet, helpful & very laid back guy.  My room had direct access to a charming garden which was perfect for early morning coffee listening to birds chirping and squirrels strutting around.  I loved the neighbourhood - very diverse, vibrant and soulful atmosphere.  I highly recommend it to all you airbnb folks! :) Fabeye is a kind generous host and I had great communication with him. I had issues with cleanliness of the property which he adhered to immediately.  He even stayed in waiting for me to arrive which was a great relief.   The location is in Brooklyn and is very different from what one would imagine from Manhattan obviously. You should also be okay with smoking in the house. Its a two bedroom apartment with Fabeye staying in the lounge room and is mostly present in the house at all times. For the money saving it may be worth it. However if I had to choose again I might spend the extra money for a better area and property in Brooklyn.  The house is close to 3 metro stations. Fabeye is a nice cool guy to talk to and he replies emails quickly. There are street parking places around. Overall its a nice stay. An excellent host who is extremely accommodating. Fabeye was a really nice guy who answered lots of our questions! The place was clean and very laid back. A decent, cozy place to stay if you are visiting New York for a short time.  an amazing person! a very careful host. I was very happy to be in this house ... has a lot of important subway lines around the house. Fabeye leaves us very comfortable but at the same time is very helpful if needed. the house has a nice vibration! and now i have a new friend. Nice clean room, very spacious... Good spot in Brooklyn with easy access to everything. Fabaye is a nice guy and a good host Fabeye is a really nice person, I didnt like the apartment so much cause it wasnt very clean, it have a bad smell from cigarette smoke and didnt like the location. Overall it was nice and worth the money but I had few problems with the smell, cleanliness and location. Also you should notice that there is another woman living in the other room and also he didnt say that while I was asking if he is alone there. Fabeye was a very nice host. He offered his help and was very flexible when we arrived late at night.    Fabeyes place is located in a quit and nice neighborhood in Brooklyn. It is close to the subway and supermarkets.     The room was a little smaller than we expected, and the apartment was a little dirty.  Fabeye was a great host, a really nice guy and always willing to help us. He answered all our questions before and during our stay there. The kitchen and bathroom were clean enough. The place is really close to two metro stations and the neighborhood is safe (although not very beautiful)  and there are lots of places to eat. We had only sheets on our beds and the bedspread on pictures were not provided. the blankets he gave us were not clean. I think one of the pictures on the webpage do not correspond to the bedroom.  Make sure Fabeye knows your arrival time, we had a comunication problem and we had to leave our luggage in the hall for a couple of hours until he came back from work.   Very Nice stay ! Fabeye Is a great host. He Will gladly help you with everything. We had a great time at Fabeye place.  We were there for 2 weeks during the Thanksgiving holiday.   Fabeye and Francine who rented the other room, helped us with everything. They are really nice people, ready to help you at any time.  We had thanksgiving dinner together, Francine prepared food, it was really great :-).  Beds are comfortable and room has door to garden that is in the back side of the house, there are barbecue grills available, and garden is really nice for barbecue.  Place is connected good to Manhattan, subway J and M lines are so close, and downtown Brooklyn is near with G line.  This is really good place to stay and have rest while exploring New York. Te aconsejamos para futuros inquilinos que tengas la casa limpia y ventilada sin tanto humo. Cest vraiment un bon endroit pour profiter de la vie New-Yorkaise ! On peut facilement profiter de Brooklyn, sans être éloigné de Manhattan. Fabeye est vraiment un hôte sympa, pas du tout prise de tête. Il peut vous aider pour découvrir la ville facilement. La chambre est plus grande que ce quelle paraît. Jai gardé le petit lit pour faire un canapé. Ce qui fait un bon lit au fond et un espace détente avec le canapé et la petite table. Fabeye is a great guy. He is very welcoming and helpful. The room is nice and clean and he goes out of his way to try and accommodate any requests you have. Would definetly stay again.  Everything was great the place and hosts were very nice and accomodsating!   This was one of the worst experiences I have ever encountered. The place was not clean, the air was filled with the smell of stale cigarettes, the bathroom smelled like urine all the time. I had to request that the bathroom floor mats be changed. Food was left on the table every day. I requested the room advertised ( two beds) but once payment was accepted the host stated he had to supply a mattress that ended up being ON THE FLOOR with no frame!!! To top it off, the host had a visit from a woman that resulted in an argument and near altercation wherein the police should have been called but were not.  Fabeye was very warm and friendly. I really enjoyed my stay with him! The rooms gets a little warm in summer and the bed is pretty firm, so keep those in mind if thats an issue for you. F was super helpful in letting me know where the good places to go are. He even cooked us dinner a couple times - fabulous chef!  Wish I could have stayed longer! We wasnt able to meet Fabeye, but his roommate was there to accommodate us. Tunes was very helpful and nice. The location was great, it is walking distance to the subway.  Fabeye et Namou son des hôtes géniaux ! I passed four nights at Fabeye and nabous place with two others friends. It was cute, just a little bit far from manhattan (but close enough to two different metro stops), and probably they just need to clear a little bit more the rooms and the bathroom.  Loved this place! Fabeye & Nabou were very welcoming and very attentive. I was very glad to have them host me. I would definitely stay here again! Even on short notice check in was very easy. The room and bathroom were clean the location was close to transit a great home base for exploring Brooklyn and Manhattan. Would stay again! Nice people  The location and price are great, but apart from that, Fabeye and Nabou are a lovely couple who have created a friendly, welcoming place where I felt at home immediately.  My stay was easy and peaceful, and they were always there just to chat or give me some tips about interacting with the house, or hanging out in the neighborhood.  I stayed for just under three weeks, and I would not have preferred to spend that time anywhere else. The place isnt very homey and Fabeye & Nabou are super friendly and welcoming. The overall stay was very ckmfrotable. Hôtes très sympathiques et chaleureux  Die Gegend ist auch nachts sicher. Place is as advertised, clean, no problems at all. Fabeye and Nabou are very accommodating and friendly. Fabeye & Nabou  are very hospitality.Always response our request very quickly. Lappartement est bien situé. On a accès rapidement (À environ 5 minutes à pied)  aux différents métro nous menant jusquà Manhattan ou pour se promener dans brooklyn. Le quartier est calme. On a très bien dormi après nos longues journées de visite. FABEYE ET NABOU sont exceptionnels. Ils parlent très bien français et sont toujours disponibles pour nous aider à circuler ou pour nous donner de bonnes adresses. Pour nous le fait de loger sur brooklyn était important pour profiter de la vie authentique des new yorkais. Et nous navons aucun regret car les gens ici sont adorables. Toujours prêts à nous renseigner. De plus si vous voulez faire du shopping pendant votre séjour sachez que les prix à brooklyn sont très attractifs. On reviendra sans hésitation et avec plaisir. Great place, great hosts. Dog-friendly (important for me!), literally 1 1/2 blocks away from subway, reasonable price. Great stay, Fabeye & Nabou accommodated a last minute request for my son who is relocating to NY. We appreciate them very much! Budget friendly and convenient! Tres bon logement niveau localisation cest nikel nous sommes à moins de 30min en métro de Manhattan, le quartier reste calme et confiant !  Merci à Fabeye et Nabou pour tout ! Fabeye et Nabou sont des très chaleureuses personnes. Le séjour s’est très bien passé ! A recommander !	0
306	"We had a 2-week vacation at Monicas place and had a very pleasant experience. Monica is very prompt with email response, and youll receive her very detailed instructions for staying at the place and traveling around. The apartment is clean, tidy, and spacious enough. Therere occasional noises from Ocean Ave at night, but no big deal. The bed is really warm and cozy, which is a big plus after a long day of walking around in the city. The area seems safe, its nice to be right next to Prospect Park, and the Metro (B and Q) is real close to the house, making it easy for traveling around. Overall the place is definitely great value for the money! I stayed at Monicas place for a week while starting a new job. She is a very kind and courteous host. Any question I had was immediately addressed. The room was great, plenty of space and very clean! Right around the corner from B/Q station, with a few bars, restaurants, and grocery stores all within walking distance. Would absolutely stay again. Safe travels! Los días en casa de Mónica estuvieron muy bien, me encantó el barrio, frente al parque y muy cerca del jardín botánico que es muy lindo. Mónica es muy amable y te da todo el espacio y la libertad que necesitas. the apartment is located in a very quiet and well served by the media (subway B, Q), Monica is very helpful!  When I go back to New York, Ill know where to Reseat Monico department is very cute, and theres nothing nicer than being in front of Prospect Park. The room very nice, large and clean! She is very attentive and friendly. This place is VERY close to public transportation and you can be in Manhattan very quickly and easily. The room is big and bright and Monica is a great host! She is easy to get in touch with and great in accommodating your schedule! Hope to be back :) thanks! Monica is an excellent host, she respects your privacy and is easy to get hold of when you need to. The apartment is located in a quiet area close to public transport and only a short ride to manhattan. I enjoyed my stay. Jai adoré mon séjour chez Monica. La chambre est grande, propre lumineuse, tranquille. Lappartement est tout près du métro qui se rend facilement à Manhattan. Le quartier est sympa! Monica est très gentille et te laisse ton espace ce qui jai apprécié. Merci Monica!  It was my first Airbnb experience, and I really enjoy my stay at Monicas place. Shes a really nice person.The room is big, clean, quite and I really appreciated to come there after a day walking all around Manhattan. There is a very nice coffee shop near the apartment. Hope to come back soon! Thank you Monica!  For 1or 2 people max. If you are out all the time it is a fantastic location.........If you want live in house is not a good place. But who stay in house with NY out? Monica was a great host and the room was large and comfortable.  Plus the apartment overlooks Prospect Park.  And the subway is extremely close.  Thank you so much, Monica!!  I had a wonderful experience while staying with Monica.  She was very friendly, and the apartment was more than accommodating.  The apartment is right around the corner from a subway line for easy access to Manhattan, but the neighborhood was fun to walk around too. Had a great time, and Monica was huge help in getting me settled. Monica was my first AirBnB-experience and I am glad she was. She was both accommodating and was helpful at my arrival (even though my flight was delayed three hours and came in at midnight).     The place is a good place; neat and simplistic and as described in the text. Traffic noise? Sure a bit but that only gives the place a better touch for me personally - and I thought the place was further away but it isnt far away from Manhattan at all (I think anyway) - but I wanted to stay a bit off the beaten track anyways.    I recommend this place. Monica is one of the friendliest host you will ever meet on airbnb. The room is large, very well equipped and the apartment is right next to the Prospect park. There is a subway station right around the corner of Ocean ave and Lincoln Rd. And there are several different types of eating joints, restaurants and grocery stores just a few minutes away. I was at Monicas for a week. Not only did I commute back and forth from the city (looking for a longer-term arrangement) but I also always got my groceries/dinner from the area. I would highly recommend this apartment if you are trying to find a place in Brooklyn to explore NYC. It was a pleasure to stay at Monicas place. Her flat is clean and well located with a great view on Prospect Park with the subway and a good coffee just around the corner. Monica was a perfect host, highly appreciated and recommended. I stayed in Monicas flat for one night, and she was very helpful and welcoming, the room is large, clean, comfortable, near the park and transport - all recommendable! Monica was great to deal with, quick to answer questions and stayed in touch with us the whole time ensuring that we had no problems. The accommodation itself is simple but clean, there was minimal kitchen equipment to use but the place is in a great location with great food places close by and right around the corner from the subway which takes about 30 minutes to get into Manhattan. Also if you are visiting this place in winter it is incredibly warm and good to go back to after a cold day out in New York. Thanks heaps Monica :)  Had an awesome time in Brooklyn! The room is great, clean and with a comfortable futon. Location is just perfect just next to the Q and B line, so its pretty easy to get to Manhattan. Monica was fast on answering the reservation request and any question about the stay. Shes really nice and easy to deal with. Ill be back for sure for my next NY trip. big sunny room, subway, groceries, simple eats - all nearby, and I loved the park! I found the street relativly busy. Monica is very good host, but I only met her on checkin and checkout. Overall - good place to stay in New York I loved my stay at Monicas! The room is large, the apartment is two minutes from the subway. Monica is a friendly and welcoming host and I am already planning my next stay with her! I had already been to Monica in July and I came back again with my brother. Monica is always friendly and the neighborhood is wonderful! It was my second stay at Monicas apartment! Everything went fine and was well organised as the previous time. The location is just perfect for my needs and it is really easy to get to Mahanttan or elsewhere in Brooklyn. Monica is nice and discreet, so youll have peace if its what you want. I recommand the place for sure. Monica is a kind person and a wonderful host, she will help you if you need it, and the rules of the place are very easy to follow. If you going to NY, Monicas apartment is a great option to stay.  Monica was a great host, she contacted me one day prior to my arrival to make sure I would be able to enter the apt. The room was clean and as described, and everything was prepared when I arrived. The apt itself and the bathroom were also neat and tidy. She had a folder ready with the Wifi key (very important ;)) and some tips on what to see and where to eat in the neighborhood.    The location of the apt is also great, just two minutes from the ""Prospect Park"" metro station. In general I felt pretty safe in the neighborhood and wasnt afraid coming back to the apt even late at night.    One of the downsides was the noisy road facing the room. Also, there was a large fridge in the room, which started humming intermittently at night.  Earplugs solved this problem for me, though ;) It was a pleasure staying at Monicas place.  It was an ideal location and set up to get my feet on the ground in New York while I looked for a place.  The location is unbeatable, literally facing prospect park which I took advantage of everyday.  Also extremely convenient for public transportation.  Theres a train or bus right around the corner that will take you anywhere you want to go in NYC quickly.  Also a good variety of restaurants and shops in the neighborhood.  Monica was very friendly and helpful with my move to NY and provided some great advice and insights.  The place has plenty of privacy and I felt free to move around and ""do my thing"" without being overbearing.  A great place to stay I highly recommend it! I chose Monicas place because it was affordable and close to Prospect Park. I had a great time taking advantage of the park, and the room itself was very comfortable. Theres a full kitchen and a fridge if youre traveling on a budget. I highly recommend this room to anyone. Super sejour chez Monica. Elle est vraiment très sympa et sera vous indiquer les choses à voir et à faire. Lappartement est à 2 pas du métro qui mène directement sur Manhattan ( il ny a pas plus simple). Enfin pour les amoureux de la nature , lappartement est situé juste en face de prospect park. We had a very nice stay. Monica was helpful and responded quickly to any request, or change of plan. The place itself was a good fit for us, we liked the neighborhood, and would have liked to explore more than we did. We ended up in the city more than we had expected, and mainly slept here. It was great to have the subway so close. It was nice to look out the windows to the park across the street.   I booked the room on late notice, but Monica was super helpful! She met me at the door, and showed me how to get to the room, and where everything was. I may have only spent one night, but she has a lovely binder prepared that could be really help people who stay longer. Monica is a great host! Jai apprecie la grande piece chambre et coin cuisine ou l on peut se retourner et setaler ! Bien rangée et tres propre avec la presence de Monica qui sait se faire discrete mais est presente pour repondre aux questions ou se rendre utile.  Lacces est tres facile a proximite immediate du metro et sur une ligne principale.  Je ne peux que recommander ce logement; un bemol : ne pas oublier les ""boules Quies"" car la chambre donne sur lavenue qui est tres passagere et donc bruyante.Avec les ""boules"" cétait parfait !     Monica was great - very friendly, met me in person when I arrived to go over the house and keys. She had a nice notebook full of area information - transit, food, cafes, maps etc.    The room is very simple - its basically the living room/kitchen that has a futon set up. Nothing fancy, but its clean and comfortable. No AC, but a big fan and windows, so it was fine in June. Wifi was strong, and there is a simple kitchen/fridge if you wanted to cook.  Its on the 3rd floor, but there is an elevator or stairs.    The location is great. Directly across from Prospect Park, in Prospect Lefferts Gardens. A 3 minute walk to the Prospect Park Metro which gets you into Manhattan easily, or a few other parts of Brooklyn. A 10 minute walk to Crown Heights. A few cafes within a 5 minute walk, several places for food, and a good natural foods store on the corner. And having the park across the street is great - running, walking, or just getting away from concrete. I had a great time with the listing that Monica provides. Definitely a fantastic neighborhood near everything you need. A minute away from a major subway. A minute away from an amazing park. A minute away from all kinds of foods to try.    Definitely worth it to have this place to crash at if you want to explore New York City. check-in was very easy.  Monica was friendly all the time. the space isnear the prospect park. I enjoyed staying her place :) モニカはとても親切で安心感のある人柄です。  ブルックリンの素敵な通りやカフェなどのお店も紹介してくれて、NYはじめての私にとって助けになりました。  部屋は広くて明るいです。玄関で靴を脱ぐので日本人としては嬉しいです。  マンハッタンまでは少し時間がかかるけれど、前に公園があって穏やかで、滞在するには本当に良かったと思いました。    Monica is very kind and makes you eased.  She taught me some nice shops and lovely streets in Brooklyn. It would help for the people who stranger like me.  the room is large and bright. Taking off shoes is comfortable for Japanese.  Though it takes time to get Manhattan,there is beautiful park in front of the room and calm. I was happy to stay and could relax. Monicas flat is a great place to explore New York City and especially Brooklyn. From  the window one can see the Prospekt Park, one of the  bigist parks in town. In the surrounding streets are plenty shops, restaurants and shopping possibilities. Monica offers small maps of different Brooklyn neighborhoods. She has made them herself and they are very usefull.  The flat is small, clean and has everything to offer one need for a stay: WLAN, a kitchenette, a fridge, a bed, a clean bathroom...  Monica is a very kind host. I enjoyed my stay. Thank you. Monica is a lovely and gracious host! She was there when I arrived and made me feel at home. I was a bit unsure about my checkout date and she was flexible and patient. The room itself is as described: spacious, comfortable bed etc. the gorgeous prospect park is just across the street , and its a very nice part of it too- the botanical garden. Subway stop at 2 minute walk and so restaurants and supermarkets. The neighborhood seems safe and is quite.  I highly recommend Monicas room! . Monica was the most gracious host! The apartment is exactly as shown and feels like a studio apartment. It is conveniently located very close to the Prospect Park subway station and is actually right across the street from Prospect Park.  I would definitely stay at Monicas apartment again! Monicas place was perfect to explore Brooklyn.  It is a minute walk from the Subway station at Prospect Park- a great location- I was in Manhattan in 20 minutes.      Initially- Brooklyn can be tricky to navigate but Monica has a neighborhood booklet that she created that gives you the best routes to fun spots.  I used it to get to Park Slope, Crown Heights, Dumbo, etc.     Monica is great host.  Highly recommend this spot!       Monica responded to my last minute request and saved me from living on the streets. She was very accommodating and had very clear instructions. The location is right next to the park and many fat foods restaurants I love. The apartment is well situated being a very short walk from the prospect park subway station and a variety of shops and cafés. The apartment block was easy to find with help from Monicas instructions and the room itself was exactly as it is shown in the pictures and proved to be an excellent choice for me. If Im back in Brooklyn I would happily stay here again. Unit was excellent and Monica was very accommodating! We booked rather late in the day on the day of our stay - all other potential hosts we encountered were not willing to take us in but Monica did.  As a Brooklyn noob, Monica made a great impression and her unit was exactly as described and photographed. Thank you for the hospitality! My stay at Monicas home was perfect. The room is large enough to park my bike and the little kitchen inside let me save some money cooking. Prospect park, in front of my window, is a great place to read, jog, have a walk and relax. The neighborhood is quiet and secure and plenty of facilities just beside.  Subway station is close and you can reach Manhattan in half an hour. Monica is the best ambassador of Brooklyn and provided me of a detailed map full of tips and suggestions. Id liked to spend more time with Monica during my stand, but she was too busy those days. Monica was an excellent host — her space is clean and simple, a nice respite from the city. She was super accommodating (kind of last-minute booker here) and super friendly. Absolutely no complaints whatsoever and would definitely stay here again — her location is so close to the subway and super convenient. First, the location is perfect: you sit right over Prospect Park, adjacent to the Q or B subways (20 mins to Manhattan - or anywhere, really). If you want to be in New York, this is where you want to be. Second, the room is clean, comfortable, spacious, and discreet. Above all, Monicas an excellent host. She offers a house booklet that provides all the information you would need; she answers questions by text or in-person, but never disturbs your space or privacy. The space is a room separated by a heavy curtain from the hallway - a hallway that Monica seems to never/rarely use; the bathroom is almost your own because you feel a lot of privacy in the apartment. This is a top listing! Staying in Monicas apartment next to Prospect Park, Brooklyn, was my first experience of Airbnb, and based on my stay I shall definitely do it again!     Monica was a very considerate host. She prepared a detailed booklet of interesting places to visit in the different neighbourhoods of Brooklyn. Although we already had a guidebook, through Monicas advice we discovered some great places to eat and drink in Crown Heights, DUMBO and downtown Brooklyn.    Monica has a one-bedroom apartment, and guests stay in the lounge (with very clean kitchen attached) on her futon. While this may sound lacking in privacy, she is a very discreet host and allows guests the run of this space while theyre there.     Overall, I thoroughly recommend Monicas place: great and authentic neighbourhood (Prospect-Lefferts Gardens) with a cool apartment and a host whos really interested in sharing her insider knowledge of Brooklyn. Thanks, Monica!   Monica responded quickly to my request and communicated immediately. She greeted me outside upon arrival and made my first experience with AirBnB a positive one. Monica is the best. Monica Katz is to airbnb what Bill Murray is to film; what Wellington boots are to a puddly road. If aliens were ever to land in NYC and demand/request I take them to my leaders, I would say ""No dont mind them lads, get yourselves a 7 day unlimited subway pass and take the Q train to Prospect Park. Pop right around the corner to 65 Ocean Avenue, Brooklyn and ask for Monica Katz"". Monicas place is awesome. Great location, nice big light space overlooking a beautiful park. Cool restaurants and bars and coffee places nearby. Perfect communication and super chilled out. Highly recommend  I had a pleasant stay at Monicas place. She provided lots of good advice of how to get the most out of my time in Brooklyn and was a hospitable host. The room itself is basic but comfortable, although if you want to cook everyday be aware the kitchen doesnt have much room to spread out your ingredients. That said, the location is right near the subway and the beautiful prospect park, so for a few days in NY its a good place to stay. Stay was pleasant and adequate for what I needed. A little bit of street noise but nothing ear plugs cant fix.  Nice to be near the park though, which I enjoyed during my stay.  Easy location from which to enjoy Brooklyn. Monica was really friendly.  This spot is basic but totally comfortable and the location is amazing for a stop in Brooklyn and getting into Manhattan.  Cant beat being right on the Q and right next to the park.   Monica was an excellent host.  My stay was comfortable, easy, and convenient for what I wanted to do.   The description is very good.   Monica was a great host. Everything went smoothly, despite my late arrival. Her place was exactly what I was looking for. She has all the information ready for guests upon their arrival. The description was completely accurate. The apartment was super clean and it is located in a convenient area in Brooklyn.  Staying at Monicas was just what I needed. The space was clean, well-organized and comfortable. As a host, Monica was incredibly hospitable, providing nice soft towels, great sheets, and a binder full of resources and little personalized maps she created of different neighborhoods. Pluses: right across the street from the astonishingly lush Prospect Park; and total privacy--I essentially had my own studio apartment while staying there. I recommend this spot without hesitation! Monicas listing was very accurate. She left detailed instructions, a binder full of neighborhood maps and ideas for exploration around the city, along with fresh towels by my bed in advance of my arrival. She also communicated in a timely manner which was much appreciated since I booked only 24 hours before I needed to be in the city! Monicas place is in a quiet comfortable well-maintained older building around the corner from the subway and across the street from Prospect Park exactly as described.   She was an ideal host, keeping her place extra clean and tidy and providing precise and accurate directions for finding her place and getting around the neighborhood.  I completely enjoyed my stay. Monica was a fantastic host, even though we only managed to meet very briefly! I needed a place at very short notice to lay my head for one night and Monica went above and beyond to get me into the apartment at a time which suited me. She has gone out of her way to provide extensive information about the local area for her guests and to make anyones stay as comfortable as possible. As a single woman looking for shared accommodation, I would not hesitate to recommend Monicas space as a place to stay for one night or a whole week! She is super friendly, amenable and so knowledgeable about the area. The apartment is clean, comfortable and well-equipped and only 2 min from the subway, overlooks beautiful Prospect Park and is close to numerous amenities. Many thanks for a short but sweet stay! Monica was very welcoming and friendly. She was super accommodating in terms of taking a late reservation and setting up a check-in/check-out time based on our schedule for the weekend. She was very responsive and communicative. Her place is very clean and tidy and she was very respectful of our privacy. She also had a welcome packet with maps and information about House Rules and surrounding attractions. It is a pull out couch that you sleep on, but theres a foam mattress pad on top to make it more comfortable, and even my boyfriend, who is a mattress elitist, said that he got a good nights sleep. Theres a really cute cafe down the road and Prospect Park is right across the street! We had brunch at a place called Bluebird that was also down the road that I would recommend. The building itself is also very clean and in pretty good condition. The apartment was also very easy to get to from Manhattan and it was easy for us to travel to other parts of Brooklyn to meet up with friends. We were in town for a friends birthday celebration and this fit our needs perfectly! Monica was super helpful and friendly even though I made a very last-minute request. The room was clean, quiet and nice to stay in. It was also convenient to take the subways to go to the city, thus saved me a lot of time! Id recommend to my friends if any of them are visiting New York next time :) Everything was as described, or even better! The apartment was nice and clean, the only small minus would be the bed, that was extremely squeaky... I had full privacy, and in fact didnt even see Monica during my visit. But she was well organized and very helpful through messages, and in the apartment  there was a folder full of information of the different areas and things to do. I definitely recommend! Monica was an incredible host. First, she host us last minute after a couple of bad luck. We barely saw her during our stay, but she was there to welcome us and answer our question when we arrived. The appartment was clean, well situated and the bulding itself is quite nice. She made this binder about Brooklyn that is better than any tourism book you can buy. I would reccomend staying with her to everyone.   Room was as described - comfortable, neat, spacious, air conditioned etc. The subway station was only a 1 minute walk away which was really convenient. Felt safe walking around during the day, but perhaps not so much at 2am. Overall, a pleasant stay in a good area near the park and the subway. Monica was easy to contact and very friendly. Would recommend for friends to stay here. Monica was a great host! She was very quick in responding to messages and was very accommodating with a last minute request. She did a great job of creating privacy in the space. Theres a great welcome guide with great suggestions of things to do and see. Check this place out if youre in Brooklyn! Really nice stay at Monicas. Place is clean and comfy and really close to the subway. Monica is also very welcoming and easygoing. Merci beaucoup Monica a été une hôte parfaite et très arrangeante vu mon arrivée tardive.  Le quartier est très agréable, proche dun grand parc et bien desservi par le métro avec plusieurs lignes vers Manhattan (20 minutes pour Downtown) et Downtown Brooklyn.  Dès mon arrivée, Monica a su me faire sentir chez moi, en me présentant toutes les attractions des environs et les commodités (Cafés, épiceries, transports) de son quartier.  Je recommande cette chambre et serait ravi dy retourner pour mes prochains séjours à New York.   It was a great experience.  I especially liked the post it notes showing what was what. Monicas place was great. Very clean, spacious by New York standards, and in a great location - convenient to coffee, drug/convenience stores, the subway, and of course Prospect Park. The street was a little bit loud at night, but I dont know of any place in NYC where the streets are actually *quiet* on a Saturday night, so no big deal :) Monica provides a helpful guide in the room with her own opinions on local places to get food & drink, and places to see. It was a pleasure staying at Monicas place. The apartment is very clean and quiet. The location is perfect right by Prospect Park and very close to the subway. I liked the binder full of useful information about nearby places of interest and amenities that Monica prepared for the guests. Monicas apartment is in a great location, directly across the street from the lovely Prospect Park and only a two minute walk to the subway stop. Your room comes equipped with essentials like a pull-out mattress, sink/stove/cabinets and fridge. Nothing fancy but its cozy enough and gets the job done.     You share a bathroom, which is in a narrow hallway between your room and hers, and rather than a door your room has a thick curtain. So while this may not sound ideal for someone expecting total privacy it didnt really bother me.     Monica is easy to get in touch with via email/text, is very resourceful and personable, and does her best to ensure you enjoy your stay. Ultimately location was the biggest factor for me in deciding on her apartment and that was definitely a success :)       I had a great stay at Monicas! I had a lot more space and privacy than I thought I would. It was nice and warm the entire time. Monica wasnt able to meet me the first night, but she gave me clear instructions on how to get in. She was very well prepared and organized! I would recommend.  Monicas is a GREAT place to stay at in Brooklyn! You have beautiful Prospect Park right across the street from you (Im not a runner but the first day, I lapped it twice and it was designed by the same people who designed Central Park so it is a mini version of CP), a subway station that takes you to Times Square right around the corner, and many places to eat and drink within walking distance. Everything was as detailed in the listings pictures and the post-it notes around the apartment showing where things are is great! Plus the personal greeting upon arrival and the guide of the surrounding neighborhoods were very nice.     Unfortunately, Monica wasnt around much, but the few times we were able to converse she was very easy to speak with which made my first Airbnb experience so much easier than anticipated.     All in all, if you can stay at her place, do yourself a favor and book it.     PS: The neighborhood is actually safe at night. I would know this because I came back from Manhattan very late at night a few times without a hassle.    I had a good stay at Monicas. Shes an incredibly accommodating host (hooked me up on very short notice), and provided everything I needed. Logistics and communication were great. Nice to be close to Prospect Park, and convenient to subways. Thanks, Monica! Viaggio per vacanza, da solo, appartamento vicinissimo alla metropolitana. In 25 si arriva a Time Square, quartiere popolare ma molto tranquillo, non ho avuto alcun problema. Appartamento semplice ma confortevole, stanza privata, la proprietaria disponibile e spesso assente (rientrava dal lavoro in serata), ma ottima comunicazione e disponibile!  Very good location, very close to subway (it takes only 25 min to reach Times Square).  Quiete neighborhood, markets and fast food very close to apartament.  25 min to Time Square 1 hour to JFK   All was perfect! Monica was a fantastic host! Very communicative and approachable, super friendly, gave lots of information about the surrounding area. Location is across the street from beautiful Prospect Park and around the corner from 3 subway lines. She even has a binder of info about Brooklyn!  Even though I spent only one night in Monicas appartment, shes been a great host! She is available and welcoming, plus the bedroom was perfect: clean, spacious with a comfortable bed. Thank you again Monica, and I absolutely recommend this place if you guys are planning to spend the night around Prospect Park.  I had a good stay at Monicas. Had to change plans and book on short notice, and Monica was great about making things work. Her suggestions and local guides were helpful. She replied quickly to questions, and things generally went smoothly. Slept comfortably and had easy access to subway and necessities. All in all, a good experience. My trip was exactly as expected! Monica is awesome and was super flexible with my last minute organization...!  The room was also what I expected: its clean, there is everything you (Website hidden by Airbnb) I recommend it.    She has a nice book with tons of good addresses which was super useful for us!    Also, and a huge plus, the subway is like 2 min walking, really cool! Monica has a nice space right next to Prospect Park.  The room was clean and the futon comfortable!  Monica was a great host - good communication and had a nice little binder with the wifi password, local maps and menus. Monica was really lovely! I didnt get the chance to meet her, but everything was set up when we got there. She gave us lots of details about the apartment, so checking in went really smoothly. We loved the location - right across the street from Prospect Park! Mónica was a great host, very responsive and extremely easy regarding checkin and checkout.  The room itself is spacious and comfortable,  if a little too hot (theres a fan to fight the heat back). Monica knows everything you need to know on brooklyn and has a very comprehensive welcome book with plenty of recommendations on different neighborhoods. The apartment is conveniently located, in front of prospect park and within a 1 min walk to metro station Monica was brilliant. I needed just one night before flying out from NYC, and id left it late to organise (too busy enjoying my first big apple trip). Monica got back to me really quickly and maintained clear, quick comms throughout, and organised key pickup while she was at work. Actually bumped into each other in her street - had a very nice chat. Didnt see her beyond that, but that was enough to confirm - if the emails werent enough - that i was dealing with a top-drawer host.  The room was clean and BIG (enough for a spot of bad yoga) - with sink and fridge. Warm Brooklyn arvo with sun flooding in. Fan came in handy.  Great info in a guest folder - apartment tips, local shops etc. - not the usual advertising guff, but hand crafted!  And the park! bedroom looked out onto the lovely Prospect Park. Perfect for my morning run.   Subway v v close, which is great if youre on a budget and have lots of luggage, like me.  Building has seen better days, but after a week in a Times Square hotel it was a relief to get a bit of normal. Neighbours were friendly enough, and a seven year old coming home from school told me all about her field trip and how they all screamed cos it was such fun!  When i woke to leave for JFK i found detailed subway-airtrain instructions left along with a map Monica had printed and marked up while i was out the previous night. Blimey! Beyond the call, that...  Thanks again Monica! Monicas place was very great. She wa very helpful with checking in. And she has everything you need for a comfortable stay.   The biggest plus however is the neighborhood. She lives at prospect park and right at the subway ( 40 minutes to Coney Island, 20 minutes to Manhattan). But even better is Brooklyn right outside the door. Its a very lively and fun place with alot of restaurants and bars.   I recommend this to everybody! Monica was a great host! I really enjoyed my stay in Brooklyn. It was a relatively short stay but she was very accommodating to me. My favorite part is the welcome binder she provides that has most of the FAQs of the location answered. I highly recommend this location!"	1
307	"The place is perfect for a traveler on a budget. It is the epitome of a cozy NYC apt with a bit of flare. Scott was great to work with.  Very nice location. Close to Union Square, very good to travel Manhattan. Host is very friendly and helpful.  핸쿡인들뿐뜰 요기오씰쩍엔 따만 쮜찡나올쓔도 읶꼬 (음싁 노을떈 꼮 쮜찡이 묫닿는 곳예 뜌쎄요!) 빠료욮에 뮤슨 쿨럽있쎠서 한빰쭝에 웜췅 씌꾸러울 뛔 있였여요 쪠가 욘말에 와셔 구럴 슈도 있야요 요궛들 쀄면 참 좋은 숙소고 아저씨도 친절하고 주변에 장 볼 곳도 가깝고 참 좋아요! 유니언 스퀘어 와보시면 알테지만 뉴욕 여행하기에 참 좋은 위치고 위험한 느낌도 많이 없었어요! Great stay if you can get over the pros/cons of a busy central location. Very loud but also very central. Perfect location pretty big for an apartment in the city! Lovely host, older building, but great location Very well placed flat flat closed to commercial areas and to subway. Pleasant host. We were 4 persons to explore the city and this place was perfect for us. The location is amazing!!! The apartment is very old and when we entered we thought it was going to fall. But it is clean and has everything you need, large beds, wifi, hot water, coffee maker, towels, etc.  The host are very friendly and it was very easy the check-in and check-out.  Totally recommended! I stayed with my wife for 13 nights. 1.No airconditioner in (Website hidden by Airbnb) was peak summer in NYC.The hall AC seemed to make noises and there wasdanger of blow out.They said owner will take a call. 2.Bed mattresses sink in.Give a back pain. Need replacement.  new bed sheets and a bedcover (Website hidden by Airbnb) seem all too old. 3.Noise from next door below pub is crazy till 2 am on weekends.Through the wall. 4.The owner doesnt talk or e mail.Seems it is the manager /caretaker who communicates.He is quick to reply but cant do much.It is not a lived in house. Great host Scott! And really great apartment, it has everything you need for a NY vacation, and the location is awesome, subway station half a block from the apartment, supermarket crossing the street, and really near to every place, I highly recommend this apartment if you plan to visit NY! Scott was a Great Host!!!  Hes very flexible with check-in and check-out.  The description is spot on....loved that a grocery store was across the street, and Union Square/Subway was a half a block away.  The apartment building is older, and we werent prepared for the stairs up, pretty narrow & steep....but we made the best of it.  Thanks again for all your help Scott!! The place is great. It is a totally authentic classic New York apartment. If you love the sounds and ambience of NYC stay here and you will be in the middle of it all . Idéalement situé pour les personnes aimant bouger, hôte réactif si problème.  A deconseiller pour les personnes recherchant la tranquillité car un bar se situe dans limmeuble mitoyen avec des concerts tous les soirs. Great hosts! clear communication, very nice place in great location This apartment is a good value, but it is not for everyone!  It is in a very old, worn down building.  The ceiling sags and the floors creak; there are exposed pipes and wires.  Worse, it is a couple of doors down from a major concert venue.  There was loud music playing nightly (either concerts or from the neighbors) and the place often reeked of pot smoke (presumably coming from outside).  That said, the location is second-to-none.  The place was well-furnished, and Scotts communication was excellent.  So it is a good value.  Just remember to bring earplugs if you plan on getting to bed before midnight! This is a great location--just a block from Union Square, where the holiday market and the food market answered many of our needs. Trader Joes is also a reasonable walking distance.  The apartment has an ""old"" New York look, with charming moldings and exposed pipes (nicely painted).  Especially enjoyed being in a historical neighborhood with themes of Washington Irving and Peter Styvesant.  The building manager was accessible, and the hosts responded in a reasonable time to our few questions. The photos make the apartment look much bigger than it is in reality. The bedroom is MUCH smaller than it looks and the pictures make it seem like a spacious apartment which it is not. Wifi did not work. The owner made an excuse the first few days and told us to use the Wifi in the Panera across the street (signal does not reach the apartment). Then he said repeatedly that it has started working but I have documented proof that it did not. He conveniently said that the wifi of the whole street was down. The floor creaks across the apartment. The bathroom door does not shut AT ALL and the heater stops working randomly, making it unpleasant in the winter. The shower also stops giving hot water randomly. The next door pub is super noisy at night and we couldnt get sleep till 3am each night. This was probably not the owners issue but it shouldve been listed here by someone so that other may avoid this property. Scotts place is nestled right near just about anything you need in the city. Steps away from the 456LNQRW subway lines, 3 major grocery stores, and an abundance of bars and restaurants. Scott was very easy to communicate with and check out/check in was a breeze."	0
308	Hes a super friendly guy. The only issues would be the lack of communication at times and didnt provide a spare key. However, he is very respectful of your privacy. The door man was very helpful and thorough when it comes to security. Osman harika bir ev sahibiydi. Bana kahvaltı bile hazırladı. Ayrıca muhabbeti de iyiydi. Evde çok rahat ettim. Yatak çok rahat, banyo çok kullanışlıydı. Evin konumu müthiş, çünkü çok iyi bir bölgedeydi.  It was my first AIRBNB experience.  My first two reservations in Manhattan (on the 8th & 50th) and in Queens (just off the bridge) were cancelled by the owner, which made me quite uneasy, because the second cancellation happened less than a week before my trip.  But I was able to find the is place, luckily.  This is a one room apartment in a share room basis with the owner (only one guest accepted).   The owner of the room, Osman, is very friendly, so are those doormen (Gregg, Joe, etc.) at the entrance, who advised me about the transportation, etc.    The location is only ¼ miles (2 blocks) away from the East entrance of Grand Central Station and the same distance to East River where you can enjoy a beautiful sunrise over Queensboro Bridge.  Many restaurants are around. Times Square is only a shy of one mile walk straight to the west.    The location is perfect and the price is pretty reasonable only if you dont mind sharing a room with the owner.  You will be given spare keys for free access to the room. Youd better bring your own toilet articles and towels as this is his private apartment.  Laundry machines & dryers are located on the cellar.  If you travel alone and looking for a room to stay economically, this would be the place. Great studio and amazing value for the buck. Location is convenient and the doorman was more than helpful with the spare keys and assisting with local queries. Clean and tidy! Osman is super laid back and was a great host. My flight arrived late to JFK at around midnight, but Osman was very accommodating. Bed and blanket were comfortable. Very nice place in a very central location.   I will definitely be back! Great location right in Manhattan. Good place to crash for the night. Osman was a bit aloof, but seems like a good guy. He made efforts to improve my stay after the first night didnt meet expectations. Great location, the doorman was so kind and Osman good person ! Thanks	0
309	"The apartment was more than we were expecting, and Patricia so friendly and polite, the place is so clean also is so close to the metro, I really recommend this place for the wants who really want to spend a great time in NY  Patricias home was a perfect, private apartment that was extremely accommodating. Looking forward to booking again on my next trip! We went to Patricias to gather with my family and visit NYC. We enjoyed it so much! The house is very comfortable and exactly as you can see on pictures. We slept so well (maybe because of the long days spent walking in the city too!). We have met Patricia and her and she is a lovely person. We had eveything we needed to spend a fantastic trip in NY! Patricias apartment in Brooklyn was absolutely perfect for my daughter and her roommates while they were doing their interns in NYC. Safe neighborhood, very convenient access to subway, grocery and laundromat. Notre séjour dans cet appartement fut un délice.  Patricia, ainsi que toute sa famille sont adorables.  Lappartement correspond exactement à la description et aux photos, et il est surtout impeccable et très confortable !!    Lemplacement est idéal puisquil se trouve à 1 minute - montre en main - du métro aérien, qui en plus de nous emmener à Manhattan nous offrait chaque matin une vue à couper le souffle...    Je recommande vivement cet appartement à tous ceux qui veulent découvrir le quartier le plus cool de Brooklyn mais aussi pouvoir se rendre nimporte quand à Manhattan en lespace de 20 minutes !  This is the perfect place to stay in nyc. The home is minutes away from the M train and a few blocks from the J train. The neighbourhood is quiet and safe and we never had any worries coming home late. The space is huge with lots of sleeping area and the apartment was spotless. Modern furnishings and satellite TV made the stay even better. I would recommend this place to anyone looking to explore NYC while being comfortable.  As soon as we made the booking, Patricia got in touch with us, and that was really reassuring. Patricia answered all of the questions we asked her too!   When we got to the apartment, Patricia and her family gave us the warmest of welcomes! It was such a nice feeling!   The apartment itself was immaculate! It was lovely and spacious, and it felt like a home from home! We had perfect facilities.  Patricias place is located near to a subway station, so it was really easy to get around!   I cannot stop talking about how amazing our holiday was, and that was due to Patricias wonderful hospitalilty!   I am already thinking about going back to New York, and if I do, I would definitely go back to Patricias place!  ¡El apartamento es muy cómodo! Tiene ducha con agua caliente, cocina Full equipada, Sillones bastante cómodos, TV por Cable lo cual es bastante cómodo, Internet para conectarte y planificar tus días en New York. Es un lugar totalmente recomendable, el barrio es muy tranquilo y hay absolutamente de todo, lavandería a unas cuadras, comida rápida y ensaladas las 24 horas, un market cercano y lo mas importante, la estación de metro ""Central Av"" que te lleva directamente a Manhattan! ¿Genial no? Un Alojamiento 100% Recomendable, No se van a arrepentir. Patricia was very helpful.  We were coming to my daughters graduation and she was very flexible about giving my daughter the key so that we could arrive much later that night.  The apartment was immaculate.  The kitchen was amazingly equipped, unfortunately I was not there long enough to cook there.  Patricia left us bottled water which was very convenient.  The beds were very comfortable and towels were plentiful.  It was a very economical way to stay in NYC.   It was  excellent  the period  we stayed in this apartment!! Thanks Patricia for your hospitality and to explained to us everything  very  carefully . The apartment is perfect, with modern and comfortable furnishings. Beds, closet , sofas, TV, all is very good!!  And  Patricia´s place is very well located and quiet. It´s so near to a subway station. I love this!!  And is a safe place.  My friends and me went to Manhattan every day  and we came back late without any problem.  I  really recommend this apartment  and I intend to go back  certainly. Le logement est conforme à lannonce. Nous conseillons vraiment ce logement pour un séjour à New York. La literie est excellente, lappartement est bien équipé, le métro à deux pas avec une ligne permettant daller directement à Manhattan et les propriétaires sont charmants et totalement disponibles pour rendre votre séjour agréable.  We loved being close to metro! And having great grocery store w alot of healthy/alternative options available. The apt was very clean and a great little basement for our family w young kids! Lappartement est confortable, bien équipé et très propre. La proximité de la ligne de métro aérienne (M - Central Av) compense largement le léger fond sonore des métros qui passent. Un peu plus de luminosité aurait été bienvenue mais ça va très bien pour quelques jours. Merci Patricia...  Patricia et la famille nous a très bien accueillis  Hola Patricia y Ramon,aquí públicamente para que tus futuros inquilinos lo puedan leer bien.La casa de Patricia es tal como la anuncia,la limpieza de la casa a nuestra llegada un 10 ,su preocupación en días anteriores a nuestra llegada es digno de decir,nos asesoro en todo lo relacionado con lo que nos interesaba,la ubicación de la casa inmejorable para visitar New York ,tanto el metro como,supermercado como lavandería no dista mas de 100 metros de la vivienda.Barrio muy tranquilo sin problema de seguridad Lors de notre arrivée, il ny avait personne alors que nous sommes arrivés précisément  à lheure convenue.  Au tél. nous ne sommes pas tombés sur Patricia, mais sur son fils qui nous a donné un code pour ouvrir le boitier des clefs (forfait téléphone épuisé). Il eut été plus simple de donner directement le code !  Ensuite, nous avons rencontré des cafards quotidiennement.  La station de métro aérien est située juste à côté ; pratique, mais très bruyant toute une partie de la nuit. A propos du métro, compter 45 minutes pour se rendre au centre de Manhattan, les 20 minutes annoncées correspondent à la sortie de Brooklyn. Attention, le WE, la ligne M ne fonctionne que partiellement, ce qui impose un changement entre Brooklyn et Manhattan avec une attente pouvant aller jusquà 30 min. à ajouter au 45 min.  Enfin, lors de notre départ, nous avions réservé par Internet un taxi qui nest pas venu, nos ""hôtes"" ny sont pour rien, mais lorsque nous leur avons demandé de laide pour en appelez un en urgence, ils ont refusé et nous ont envoyé à une station de taxi (que nous navons jamais trouvée) et nous sommes partis à pied avec tous nos bagages ! Laccès à lappartement est protégé par 3 portes et 5 serrures. Cela montre quil y a un problème de sécurité, pas quand nous sommes dans lappartement (barreaux aux fenêtres), mais quand nous sommes à lextérieur.  La rue dans laquelle lappartement se trouve est sale, remplie de tags.  Notre sentiment dinsécurité a été trop fort et nous sommes partis, sans dormir une seule nuit.   Aquí dejando nuestros comentarios acerca del departamento! Somos 4 amigas, por lo que nos resultó súper cómodo tener dos habitaciones amplias! Todos los ambientes son amplios y están en excelentes condiciones. Lo pasamos muy bien, cada vez que necesitamos ayuda y le escribimos a patrici y su familia, nos respondieron rápido y nos ayudaron en lo que necesitábamos. El tren en la esquina es ideal para movilizarse, no tuvimos ningún problema, y hemos llegado en distintos horarios.   Nos transladamos tanto al llegar como al irnos con el hijo Luis que también nos ha tratado muy bien.   Volveríamos sin dudas! Gracias Patricia por toda tu atención desde que reservamos hasta que nos fuimos.  Saludos!!!!   Laura Everything was as described. Ours was a very much last minute booking but our expectations  were met entirely. The flat was very clean and Patricia answered our queries very promptly - we initially could not work out how the US shower worked! I would recommend this flat for a secure, clean inner city location, close to the overland and Metro trains. THanks Patricia!   All was al right. Thanks a lot to Patricia and her family.  We spend there a very good week and the facility of access to the subway was great. Two minutes by foot.  Very nice time in this big and beautiful city. Un lugar cómodo y muy agradable, con habitaciones y un cuarto de baño grandes. Todo recientemente remodelado y muy limpio; es un apartamento perfecto para 2 parejas. Patricia es una persona muy agradable y cercana, de fácil trato y muy dispuesta a ayudar en lo que necesiten. La ubicación fue óptima para nosotros, ya que el Subway está a menos de 2 bloques del apartamento y en esa misma esquina hay un Supermercado muy completo, con buenos precios y gente muy agradable; también hay un lugar de fast food muy bueno (OMG) y un pequeño restaurant con una propuesta de comida muy vanguardista (JUNO), además de 2 minimarkets 24 hrs, una central de Radiotaxis y una Lavanderia.  En el Subway llegas a Manhattan entre 25 y 35 minutos y dentro de Brooklyn se puede tomar autobus y metro o si prefieren caminar sin problemas.  En general, fue una muy grata experiencia y recomiendo de todas maneras el apartamento de Patricia para hospedar en NYC. Patricia was very accommodating as one person from our party was arriving well before the rest of us. Her son John called us immediately after we requested assistance as to how to operate the shower, all communication was smooth. The apartment is just as described, you can cook in the kitchen without any hassle as they have all the basic things. There is a supermarket half a block away where you can buy all your basic things. The night of our arrival Patricia came by to greet us and the same for our checkout.  If youre not used to the noises of the city (cars, train, construction) I would recommend some earplugs. Overall, it was a great stay and I will definitely stay at Patricias place again. séjour magnifique, patricia a su faciliter nos démarches pour préparer notre séjour. Elle a été présente quelque soit lheure pour répondre avec rapidité à nos questions lors de notre séjour. le logement était propre et chaleureux. Il se situe à 50 m du métro qui nous emmène à Manhattan en 20 min.  on trouve à 2 stations de métro un grand supermarché, idéal pour faire ses courses.  le logement se situe à 8 miles de laéroport JFK, nous avons mis 30 min en taxi pour arriver au logement avec la circulation (40 dollars). Pour le retour idem nous avons pris un taxi ( enseigne au coin de la rue juste à coté du métro) pour 30 dollars.  Logement idéalement situé pour visiter tous les quartiers de manhattan et brooklyn ( gospel et coney island)  je vous recommande vivement daller chez patricia   It was such a great staying. We really enjoyed Patricias Place. The rooms are big enough for all of us. We dindt use the Tv, but she explained how it works for us, as she also did with everything else. The house is like described in the pictures, with a market just crossing the street, and a subway station just steps ahead. Thanks for your welcome! Well sure get back! We had a fantastic time in New York, this apartment was perfect for chilling out in, making food and getting ready. The location was ideal so close to the subway, nice restaurants, bars and shops.   The apartment was so clean and even smelled lovely. Anyone would have a great time staying here.  Patricia ist eine sehr freundliche, zuvorkommende Gastgeberin, die Kommunikation war sehr gut. Das Apartment war wie beschrieben, sehr sauber, mit allem nötigen ausgestattet und sehr geräumig. Gerne wieder, vielen Dank Patricia.  It is the best place in Brooklyn.  It is clean, near the subway, and spacious.    We were two couples staying at Patricias Place and we had an excellent stay! The house is perfect size, and had everything we needed. It is easily accessible to public transport and kept very clean. Patricia and her family we very friendly whenever we crossed paths with them (and they have the most adorable little dog ever that we were lucky to see a couple of times!). I would happily recommend this place! El apartamento de Patricia es genial, esta limpio, bien equipado, bien ubicado en una zona del barrio residencial muy linda y agradable para caminar y tambien cerca del transporte piblico, el subway M y el bus en la esquina y el subway J a pocas cuadras, dentro de las 2 o 3 cuadras hay mercado, tienda de comidas, lavadero, kiosco, bar y otros. Altamente recomendable y la atencion de Patricia y su esposo es para destacar. Excellent stay in Brooklyn.  Right next to the M train which unfortunately wasnt running part of the time we were there, but started running when we needed it. The rooms were comfortable and spotless. The kitchen had everything we needed and more. Spent more time in the apartment than we intended to because it was so comfortable. Thanks Patricia! Great place in Brooklyn.  Loads of space, great facilities with a well equipped kitchen.  With connections to Manhattan and downtown Brooklyn right around the corner, we were able to get everywhere we wanted quickly.   This is a great apartment with everything you need, and plenty of space in it. No washing machine, but I prefer not to spend my time doing laundry. There is a subway station at the end of the block, very easy for getting to Manhattan or anywhere else you want to go. Plenty of local shops in the vicinity, and the locals are so friendly! I would definitely recommend staying there. Patricias son, Luis, called in within a few hours of our arrival to make sure everything was OK in the apartment. They live upstairs, so are on hand for anything you are unsure about. We were in New York for our wedding in Central Park, and everything was just perfect. Thank you Patricia and family. Patricias place was a nice stay and an authentic NYC experience. Close to the subway. It could have been a little bit cleaner and a bit more comfortable but otherwise it was okay. For any vegans coming through: its a 5 minute walk down the street from this AMAZING vegan cafe/bakery called Brooklyn Whiskers. I highly recommend it!! This is a good value place. The bed was comfortable, the apartment had a great size and the kitchen have the basics that you need. Small coffee machine. The WiFi isnt great, you can hear everything around you and the sub is pretty noisy.  There isnt much in the area like eating spots, but since the sub is really close by, it is fine.  Overall happy.  Perfect stay! Everythings close, accomodatation is spacious and clean. Patricias place suited our needs perfectly. It was clean, well equipped, quiet, and close to the subway. We also really appreciated her warm friendly greeting when we arrived. Patricias place is great base for anyones NYC trip. M-train right next to it makes public transportation easy if you like to go further (Manhattan in 20min). Bushwick itself is full of nice little spots ranging from hip cafes to excellent record stores and Williamsburg is also just a short taxi ride away. Essentials like supermarket is around the corner as well, so supplies are not faraway if you want to cook yourself a meal.  The house itself is as it looks like in photos, clean and tidy. No suprises whatsoever. You can hear that M-line running, as expected when it is that close to the house, so if you are light sleeper, pack earplugs with you. Patricias Place was nice and cozy! My family and I really enjoyed our stay. The M train is right on the corner and makes it easy to access the city (I think it took about 35 minutes to get to the Empire State Building). We met Patricia and her husband and they were both very kind and great to work with! I would definitely recommend staying here!  Patricia is een hele lieve gastvrouw die haar souterrain keurig heeft verbouwd tot woning, voorzien van alle gemakken en noodzakelijkheden. Alles is in de woning aanwezig wat je nodig hebt. Ze spreekt niet zo goed engels dus een paar woorden spaans is wel makkelijk (mijn vrouw sprak toevallig goed spaans, dus kwam dat even goed uit !) Openbaar vervoer is op en top. Subway vertrekt op de hoek op Myrtle Av. en heet Central Avenue Station. Neem een weekkaart in het Metrostation (Metrocard 1 week = $ 31), stap op de M en NY ligt aan je voeten. Vraag ook in het station even naar een subwaymap. Retehandig ! Winkels (supermarkten) eveneens op Myrtle Av. Fine and Fare heeft alles !   El apartamento de Patricia hermoso y muy comodo. Tal cual se muestra en las fotos. Tiene dos habitaciones y una de ellas tiene un sillon que se hace cama. Si bien el apartamento no esta en Manhattan sino en Brooklyn, esta muy bien conectado con los medios de transporte. En la esquina tiene la linea M de metro y a 5 cuadras la linea J con la que se llega del aeropuerto JFK. Patricia muy atenta, nos permitio dejar nuestras valijas en su casa luego del check out y siempre estuvo atenta a que estuvieramos comodos y para lo que necesitamos. Lo recomiendo definitivamente!! Patricia was very welcoming and helpful.  She helped us find a place to park our car and find the nearest subway with a map.  Her place was very spacious, clean with an updated kitchen and very affordable.  Brooklyn was a great location to stay at to see the sights of NYC.  Our 3 teenagers enjoyed our time there as well! Excellent appartement, very clean, everything we needed. Easy acces from the Airport  JFK (via Air Train /Subway), Close to the subway/Metro (only 50 meter). Very easy to visit New York. Patricia  s place is exactly as described. Spacious, quiet and comfortable with everything we needed. The M train was not operational while we were there, but still a short wall to Dekalb platform. We would definitely recommend Patricia  s place! Le logement est conforme à lannonce .Il est très propre et très fonctionnel. Il est aussi très bien placé pour découvrir Brooklyn.En traversant Myrtle av. prendre le B38 ( 4 stations 5 mn de bus ) puis le métro ligne L  ( 15 mn et vous arrivé à Union sqare).En mettant lapplication des horaires du B38 sur votre portable vous gagnez du temps. Le quartier est très sûr. Nous rentrions la nuit et nous avons rencontré aucun problème. Pour faire les courses , vous trouvez à 2 pas un supermarché.Tres pratique. Enfin Patricia et son mari sont très gentils.Ils nous ont bien accueilli et ils nous ont proposé de garder nos valises chez eux pour le dernier jour. Pour info . nous ètions en voiture et lemplacement pour garer la voiture est la rue.Il ny a pas de parking privè. Nous recommandons cette adresse. Patricias Place was an amazing place to stay at for our trip to NYC. Very clean, quiet, convenient and Patricia was an excellent host. Our fridge broke day one we were there and it was replaced with a new one while we were out in the city. Overall an excellent experience, would definitely recommend Voor ons gezin (5 pers.) een prima, ruim appartement. Fantastisch werkende airco op de slaapkamers, fijne douche, een heerlijke plofbank waar je niet meer uitkomt en een gezellig barretje om met zn allen aan te ontbijten. Als je niet persé hartje Manhattan wil zitten maar 20 metro-minuten verderop in Brooklyn, dan zeker boeken bij Patricias! In generale unottima relazione qualità/prezzo. Patricia è una persona molto amichevole. La casa era molto pulita. Il quartiere è tranquillo e vicino trovi la metro, supermercato. My parents, my girlfriend and I had a great stay at Patricias place. The apartment was very clean and modern with everything we needed. Patricia let us check in early which was a great help! We didnt spend much time in the local area as there didnt seem to be much to do close by. It was easy to get to Manhattan from here with 2 subway stations relatively close. I would recommend anyone to stay here Great value, very clean, quiet, and had air conditioned bedrooms. Loved it. Would definitely recommend this as it was right next to the subway station and had plenty of street parking on a quiet street. Thanks for sharing your home with us! Appartement impeccable, très bien équipé et très propre. Très bonne literie. Patricia est très accueillante et sympathique. je recommande. El departamento de Patricia tenía lo que estaba publicado y mucho más. Excelente ubicación en Brooklyn . A una cuadra del departamento hay un supermercado muy completo con gente que habla español.  El departamento está a una cuadra de la estación Central Av. del metro y como esa estación no está funcionando por construcción de un viaducto en la zona, hay un bus gratis con una frecuencia de 5 o 10 minutos que nos llevaba gratis hasta la estación Myrtle Av. de la línea J o M del metro. Para que tengan idea del tiempo total de viaje (en metro) desde la puerta de la casa de Patricia hasta la estación Rockefeller (en la intersección de la 47 y 50 )  en Manhattan tardamos un total de 40 minutos con esperas de bus gratis y metro incluidas. Con respecto al barrio no tuvimos jamás problemas con respecto a la seguridad durante nuestros 14 días de estadía allí, todos los días volvíamos a altas horas de la noche y nos sentimos siempre totalmente seguros. Con respecto a Patricia tuvimos la suerte de tratar con ella al momento de nuestra llegada , pero cuando dejamos el departamento no pudimos verla. Si tuviera que volver a Nueva York no dudaría en volver al departamento de Patricia. Altamente recomendable en calidad, ubicación y precio. Patricia gracias por toda tu ayuda. Patricia‘s Place eignet sich hervorragend, um New York zu erkunden. Es liegt sehr nah an der Metro, trotzdem in einer ruhigen Seitenstraße. Das Apartment ist komplett ausgestattet - alles ist sehr sauber. Das Preis-Leistungs-Verhältnis stimmt. Wir haben uns wohlgefühlt. Ein Supermarkt ist direkt an der Ecke. Beim nächsten Mal würden wir wieder hier wohnen.  Patricia war immer sofort zu erreichen - vielen Dank an sie! Relación calidad precio estupenda, al lado del metro a mahhattan, súper también al lado, en 20 minutos estas en mabhattan Patricias Place was a wonderful place to stay. The apartment was in a great location, the perfect size for our group of 5. She was very accommodating with our check-in and check-out time. The M train stop was closed during our stay, but there was a convenient shuttle bus at the corner that transported you to the closest subway station free of charge.  We had a great experience,  and definitely recommend her apartment! Patricia’s place was clean, comfortable, and near some great restaurants. Public transportation was easy to access. Very spacious and clean.  Had everything we needed and was a great value. The place is not too far away from public transportation. We love the kitchen from the apartment. They have everything we need for cooking. The place was wayyy better than I expected . Super cozy, VERY clean, has absolutely everything you need ! I wanted to stay longer , a wonderful place . Check in and check out is super easy, safe area with a lot of stores within walking distance . Would definetly recommend this place !! Perfect location, tons of room, and felt like home. Patricia was a lifesaver, she left umbrellas and ponchos in the closet for us which was perfect because we had a rainy day. If you need a place to stay, this it the best. Patricias place is extremely clean and very cozy at the same time.  The kitchen supplies were more than enough for reheating food and making a good cup coffee.  A lot of the items in the kitchen looked new.  We did not cook full meals, but it looked like there was enough supplies to do so.  We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and the place is beautiful.  Parking on premises was listed as an amenity when we booked but was not an option when we arrived.  That was very disappointing since we were expecting it and it initially took us 1/2 hour to park our car plus quite some money in uber rides because we didnt want to deal with the hassle of parking again.  However, we were compensated from airbnb for this lacking amenity and I believe it has since been removed from the listing.  We did notice that at certain times of day, we had no trouble finding parking on the street close to the house.  Also, be aware at first the area looks run down, but this is due to so much construction/rehabbing of houses going on nearby.  We never felt unsafe in the neighborhood.  There is not too much in the area, but there are a few restaurants, a hip coffee shop, and a market. Also, the M train was down, so we had to either drive or walk for a while to catch a train.  We however, enjoyed all the walking and coming back to Patricias place felt like home.  I definitely would recommend this place but be prepared to park on the street. Es una excelente ubicación, muy lindo el apto, cerca ala metro y la relación costo /beneficio es muy buena."	1
310	"Manon was a great hostess! My flight was cancelled, so I arrived eight hours later than I was meant to, but she stayed up to greet me and make sure I felt at home. The apartment is exactly as it looks in the pictures - very beautifully decorated and well lit. The bed is more comfortable than any 5 star hotel ones, the water pressure is excellent, the internet is fast, and the kitchen has everything for cooking. The neighborhood, while not as trendy as some others in Brooklyn, has all sorts of interesting places to eat and drink and it feels safe even after dark. The subway station is literally right there, take the F train and in 20 min youre in the centre of Manhattan. Manon makes sure you have a good time while staying at her home, and I couldnt have asked for more! The next time Im in NY, Manon will be the first person I try. My time in her home was a pleasure. The apartment itself is tastefully decorated, spotlessly clean and convenient to the subway. Manon is wonderful to stay with: eager to help in any way she can. She is well traveled, articulate and a utterly charming and Id have absolutely no reservations recommending her to anybody coming to NY. Manons apartment overall is very cozy, and the bedroom is no exception.  Manon herself is a gracious host and made me feel immediately comfortable and at home.  I really enjoyed my stay. My brother stayed at Manons for 6 days and he liked the place and the hostess so much that he said next time hes in New york he doesnt have to look for an other place to stay. Manon is very familiar with New york and she will be very helpful in telling you where to go and where not to go  I have never been to New york, but im planning to go there in the summer. Manons place will be my first destination after the airport Stay at Manon place was the best choice I could have done. It was my first time with airbnb: we are not talking about spending less money than an hotel (even in NY really helps considering prices and quality of hotels), but we are talking about travelling for real, that for my point of you is about discovering new place and  meeting people in a easy way without the stress to feel like a tourist. Manon and her friend Maelliz really help to make me feel confortable and I can just really thanks them for their afford. the location is really quite and with the underground (just behind the corner) you can reach all different nice area in Brooklyn or Manatthan or Coney Island. Im sure that I will be back!    Geniale, prima volta con Airbnb e ho avuto la fortuna di essere ospitato da Manon per un weekend a Brooklyn. la location è perfetta, in 20 minuti a Soho e altrettanti per Coney Island, la metro giusto dietro langolo così facile da utilizzare. lappartamento è esattamente come nelle foto. il valore aggiunto sono Manon e la sua coinquilina Maelliz, super socievoli  e veramente disponibili nellaiutarti in tutto. se pensate che viaggiare sia legato al vivere esperienze ""normali"", vivere una città non come un turista e conoscere persone nuove consiglio vivamente questa sistemazione. Manon is simply great. I cannot describe how friendly and supportive she is. My stay with her was so special; she made me feel right at home. I feel as if she is a close and dear friend now and she was so pleasant and supportive. If you want to go to New York go to her. This was the best Airbnb experience ever, more than that I dare say: the best stay ever..    Her place is very neat, safe, unbelievably close to subway and all the amenities you want are there.    The room is so private that you feel you are in a separate apartment.     Thank you thank you thank you dearest Manon My stay at this place was really fantastic. It was a clean and comfortable  place with very friendly and welcoming host.  I stayed with Manon for a night when I was doing a stand up comedy show in NY. Her place is cosy, comfortable and clean and in the short time I was there I felt comfortable, relaxed and like Id known her for years. She provided me with a map and umbrella when I was going into Manhattan on a wet afternoon and we spent a pleasant evening chatting over a couple of glasses of wine and a delicious meal cooked by her delightful niece Maelise. The apartment is conveniently right beside the subway station and is in a safe secure building which is also very quiet at night. Manon was always helpful and went out of her way to make my stay pleasant; driving me to a shopping area and booking my taxi to the airport. I look forward to staying with her again soon and will recommend her to all my friends and family.  I had a great 3-night stay with Manon in her Brooklyn home. She was tremendously helpful with suggestions getting to Brooklyn from LGA and recommended a great car service. She was also very helpful getting into Manhattan from Brooklyn. (Her apartment was across the street from a subway stop) Manons apartment is clean, very cosy and quiet! I would highly recommend a stay in her place! Great stay.  Excellent host.  The room was very quiet and everything was very clean (high standard clean).  Manon took a genuine interest and was very personable and available - a great personality.  The F,G are less than a block from the door.   Manon is a fantastic host and her place is very welcoming, a few minutes into the visit and you feel like youre staying at a friends. The apt. is very close to the subway and its a perfect starting point to explore by foot or by train some of the fun places Brooklyn has to offer (Prospect Park, Park Slope, Boerum Hill).    Manon is a delightful host who made us feel relaxed and at home. The room is large and spacious, the bed is comfortable and the bed linen is clean and good quality. Due to the layout of the apartment, the bedroom is off to one side and so feels a bit more private and had a window for some natural light, though not a view of anything special. The bathroom has a decent shower, and it was easy each evening to check with Manon when the bathroom would be free. The apartment is two minutes walk to a subway station, which made it really easy to travel; it took around 20 minutes to get to the first station in Manhattan, but 35-40 minutes to midtown (eg Empire State and Rockefeller). The area by the station has a brilliant fresh grocery store, Foodtown, along with other stores eg Walgreens, and the area feels very safe. Manon is lovely and friendly but not overbearing, so you can relax in the bedroom without feeling that you should be socialising. We had five nights here, mainly spent being tourists in Manhattan, so it was a great place to use as a base, but I wish it had been just a few stations closer to Manhattan - however, plenty to see in Brooklyn, including an amazing huge gospel church, the Brooklyn Tabernacle. Overall, very happy.  Manon was a great host, and very helpfull.  It was a pure pleasure to be a guest in her appartment.  the location was great, very close to the Tube in to central NewYork and very easy to find.  Thank you for your great hospitality, and i would definitly both recomend, and come back. Manon is a fantastic host.  After 10 minutes there, I felt like I was staying at a friends.    Cosy bedroom in a great flat and a safe area.   Very close to the metro.    Definitely the place to stay in Brooklyn. Manon is such a lovely, friendly host. My parents stayed with her for three nights (I live nearby in the neighborhood) and she went out of her way to make them comfortable and take care of any special needs they had. The room is just as pictured, and the apartment overall is cozy and very well decorated. Plus, she makes great coffee and conversation in the morning! Its clear Manon loves to meet and talk to new people… My parents were very happy and cant wait to go back the next time theyre in town for a visit. Thanks, Manon! Manon opened her home to my family on Thanksgiving tp accommodated our needs of a little extra housing.  Her home is comfortable, convenient and the bedroom pretty much exactly as described and shown in the picture. I enjoyed my stay with Manon a lot. She helped me get from the airport to her apartment by giving me the name of a good car service.  Alors ce logement est le meilleur que nous ayons eu!  L’accueil de Manon était parfait, bilingue (français), on a pu découvrir la vie quotidienne des habitants de New York, des conseils, etc...  Nous sommes à 100 mètres du métro ligne G et F (parfait pour Manhattan). Quartier sûr, avec un supermarché à lentrée du métro.  Chambre spacieuse, climatisé, ventilé, matelas parfait, et tout est propre.   Aucun problème pour utiliser la cuisine le soir. On a même droit à une place dans le frigo.  Cest le logement idéal si vous attendez du relationnel avec lhôte.  Petit plus :""Manon est même venu nous chercher à notre logement précédent à Brooklyn :-)""  (Manon tu es la bienvenue en France!)   A real AirBnB sharing experience! This is how an AirBnB place should be! Including nice people and loads of communication.  Interesting neighborhood in a non-touristy area. You live where Brooklyners live - which I like when I am in town. Super close to F and G train. Some good take away restaurants and food stores nearby.  Room was huge, tidy, quiet and nicely decorated.  Thank you to let me get to know you, Manon. Hope I can stay with you again soon. Dirk :-) Manon was the best host I have ever dealt with! She was always so warm and friendly and extremely hospitable. She really went the extra mile to make sure I had a great experience during my stay and was always offering to help me in an way possible! Her place was clean and spacious! She is an absolutely amazing host!  The best experience I could have hoped for. The room was beautiful, spacious and relaxing. Every morning there was a delicious cup of coffee (complete with frothed milk) and delightful conversation. My every need was anticipated, even an ice pack and pillow when I overdid it during the day. The subway is a breezy 3 minute walk. I will definitely be staying here again on my next trip. I had a luxuriously comfortable few days at Manons lovely apartment.  Her sweet, welcoming personality and the warmth of her home were just what I needed at the end of a long NY day (and the coffee was just what I needed the next morning).    Her apartment is about a block from the subway and theres a pretty good and affordable Thai restaurant downstairs. See review below. Our recent stay with Manon was delightful. She made us feel very welcome and at home. The room was spacious and comfortable, just as described. Lamps on both sides of the bed gave both of us lighting for the reading we like to do at night. Her apartment is close to two subway stops on the F line which took us into Manhattan. The neighborhood is safe with interesting shops, restaurants and a coffee house nearby. We enjoyed conversations with Manon when our paths crossed in the apartment. She is a wonderful host. We look forward to staying with her again. The description was accurate. We had a large bedroom and shared a bath with Manon. The arrangement was very satisfactory. We were quickly and sincerely made to feel like family. All our enquiries were answered promptly and accurately.  Our experience was awesome! Manon met us at the door and welcomed us as if we were family.  Her apartment is extremely clean and the location worked out perfectly for our visit.  She made sure we had fresh brewed coffee every morning and was always available if we needed anything. The bedroom was very nice as well, comfortable and roomy.  I would say this is the best kept secret in all of NY.  If you can get in schedule it now!   Just AWESOME and we plan on returning! As the listing stated, the accommodations were quiet and comfortable.  The location was perfect as we were visiting family who live a block away.  Manon was exceptionally flexible with arrangements for our getting a key. We were already familiar with the neighborhood from family living close by, and we knew parking would not be a problem.  There are always spaces within a couple blocks except after a winter snow storm. We were able to come and go without feeling we were intruding in any way. Her coffee was delicious.  This worked perfectly, and we will definitely stay here again.  Manon is extremely lovely and hospitable. This was actually the first time I booked a private room instead of the entire apartment, so this was the first time I experienced what it is like to live with the host. I must say that it was a really great experience!    The room was clean, and the whole house is very nicely decorated and feels so cozy! It was a nice place to return to after a day out in the city. Will definitely return here when I visit NY in the future! This was a last minute request and my first time renting a shared apartment. I could not have been luckier to find such a clean, charming and comfortable room! It was huge and right next to the bathroom so it felt as if you have your own section. Manon is a wonderful host and shares her space in a way that is private if you want it. For my experience, I found Manon to be delightful and engaging so we had a few chat sessions in the evening and over morning coffee. I would highly recommend staying with Manon and hope to stay with her myself in the future.   I loved staying at Manons. The place is just as described, clean, lovely, maintained to a high standard. The host, Manon, is the most welcoming host I have ever encountered through AirBnB. She was incredibly flexible and accommodating, and made me feel at home. I would definitely recommend, a positive American / Brooklyn experience. Will definitely go back!  It was my first stay in New York and i lived for 10 days in Manons place. i couldnt find a better host for my stay! the flat is located in Brooklyn, subway is just nearby. The room is soo lovely, clean and quiet, i slept wonderful, the bed is very comfortable. this place is exactely what i needed after a day in busy Manhatten. Manon is such a nice Person, every morning she made fresh coffee and  we had a chat together. we had e great  time. Thank you dear Manon!  Manon is an extremely accommodating host.  We came to her directly from a Broadway show, so we arrived late, which she was very nice about.  The room is large, the bed is comfortable, and the apartment is very clean.  We spent the day at the Brooklyn Botanical Gardens--fantastic and near by. I was in town for an exercise event and the place I had reserved a place to stay with canceled me on the day before I was supposed to arrive. Manon saved the day by accepting my request last minute. Very nice person, I would highly recommend staying with here, Il mio soggiorno nella casa di Manon è stato molto piacevole. La casa è accogliente e rispecchia quanto detto sullannuncio. Il quartiere è molto tranquillo e comodo per raggiungere il centro della città. Manon è molto gentile e disponibile, le si può chiedere qualsiasi cosa.  La convivenza con lei è piacevole perché lei è molto ospitale. Conosce molto bene New York e quindi mi ha dato sempre informazioni molto utili su come muovermi. Se dovessi tornare a New York, verrei sicuramente di nuovo qui.  I came back at Manons house and I felt like going back home. It was so nice. Everything is always clean and comfortable. She is very nice and kind. I recommend it to everyone and if Ill go back to New York Ill go back to her house for sure!  We loved our experience in Brooklyn. We felt like we were guests of Manons home from the minute we arrived. She was very helpful and our room was spotless and cheery. Our morning coffee and visit with her was an added treat. The area was very safe and it was so easy to get wherever we needed to go. Thanks Manon Wonderful experience.  First time airbnb.  Host very gracious and hospitable.  Accommodations clean, neat, comfortable  and more than sufficient.  Added perk...the coffee was delicious!  Thanks to all Manon is the greatest host that I ever met. She is very helpful from sharing her recommendations about the city to being flexible about our every request. I am very glad to know her personally too.  I recommend her place from every aspect: Her apartment is 4 mins walk to the metro, there are various groceries and restaurants around the apartment, the neighborhood is very quiet and safe, and Manons tips about metro lines and attractions in every neighborhood are precious for discovering the city. You will never regret to stay there! Manon was wonderful. I felt very comfortable coming and going. It felt like home away from home. Manon was a great communicator and I enjoyed her company. It was a lovely stay. My stay at Manons was the first time I had ever used AirBnb and I believe it wont be the last time either if I ever visit NY again. The stay was fantastic. She was very prompt in letting me know the check-in time to make life easier for the both of us. The place is exactly like shown in the pictures. Even though she had just come home from work, she made every effort to make sure I had all the information to make my stay comfortable. The room was clean and just like shown in the picture. Every request of mine was accomodated and  I couldnt have asked for a more perfect host.  I had the most wonderful experience with Manon over the last 30 days. This was my very first Air BnB booking, and Manon has set the bar extremely high! From the first moment that I sent her a message - just before I  reserved my dates - to the moment I checked out, Manon was the ultimate consummate host. Her communication was super clear and friendly, ensuring that I had all the information I needed about her home, the location, local amenities and transport. She also knows lots of tips and tricks for navigating around New York which she openly shared with me! Her home is exactly as the photos display - actually, it is even more comfortable! Extremely clean and cosy, the bedroom, bathroom, kitchen and living space make it feel like a home away from home. The location is quiet, grocery stores are a stones throw away and the direct subway station into Manhattan is a 4 minute walk. I HIGHLY recommend staying here! Thank you Manon!"	1
311	Was waiting for us to arrive at 12am.  Super nice and friendly.  Spotless apartment! Dan was a really nice host. the room and also the house were super clean and he made me feel comfortable :)  Dan was a great host and the room was perfect. Making arrangements beforehand was straightforward. The place is handy for the subway. The room is nice - decent bed, plenty of space. And Dan is a top bloke! I thoroughly recommend his place as somewhere to stay in NYC. Thanks Dan! Was a great trip because of being guest in a comfortable place , Danwas a great host , he welcomed us very warm & during our stay he did what he could to make our stay more comfortable , location was perfect & totally convenient.  Dan is a very nice and flexible host. Were arriving late but Dan was still waiting and it was the same with the checkout. We could leave our bags there until we were done with sightseeing!  The room is super close to the Central Park and very close to the green subway station which is perfect ! Dan was always checking if we were in the house when he wants to get in which I think is perfect !   Dans classic New York apartment is perfectly situated on the upper east side. With a clean bathroom and comfy bed, not to mention a living room, this was a great place for even 3 or more people to rest their heads. Dan was also flexible, responsive, and accommodating. He really made us feel like we were at home. Next time Im back in the city, Ill be checking to see if Dans is available first.  The host canceled this reservation 3 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Friendly host. Clean and quiet apartment. Highly recommended.  Nos encantó alojarnos en el apartamento de Dan. Está muy bien comunicado por metro y bus y tienes Central Park a 15 minutos a pie. Un apartamento recomendable. Los precios en Manhattan son prohibitivos pero en el apartamento de Dan la relación calidad - precio es muy aceptable. The apartment is nice & clean, had a great stay. There were minor communication issues but, overall apartment was an adequate accommodation. Dans place is centrally located in a friendly neighborhood and easily accessible to many places through walking and public transportation. The apartment is a no frills, basic, clean space. Dan is very easy to work with. The host canceled this reservation 4 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. 3/月份就已预订此房,并且3月份也付完全部费用。入住前一周,房东要求整套(一室一厅)租给我们,要求每天增加30美元,我不希望临时变动价格。入住后发现浴帘都是霉色,仅有不到一平米的淋浴地方,没办法不蹭到脏脏的浴帘。提供的毛巾尽是霉点。不敢用。早饭,从烤箱里取出玻璃炖锅煮水,不到一分钟就炸了。客厅的垃圾桶从第一天就是满的,房东每天都来,也没有倒掉垃圾。 房东态度差,以后不会再住。 不过位置尚可,距离地铁走路8分钟左右。我们退房时将房屋收拾的干干净净,没有留下任何垃圾。全部自己清理干净。 Dan is an excellent host. His place is perfectly placed near Central Park in a quiet neighbour hood. I had a great stay at Dans apartment. The place was well located to check out the Upper East Side and only 10 minutes walk to the 4,5,6 subway. Dan was quick with communication and really helpful in telling me about the neighborhood & NYC. Would definitely stay again! Muito educado e atencioso. Dan’s place looked like the photos. He was helpful with check in. When we arrived, he warned us that the heating system was old and made a hissing noise. I did not seem like a big deal, but it ended up waking us both up at 6am with loud noises and some water spraying from the unit onto the desk where some of our belongings were. Worked for our one night stay, but definitely annoying.	1
312	Carolina was very nice. She was a great host and had everything in place I had a nice stay at Carolinas place. The room is exactly as shown and the apartment is in the heart of Lower East Side, 10 mins walking from the subway. It is ideal for a short stay. Also, bars and restaurants are easily accessible.   Well located spot, gracious and helpful host My stay at Carolinas place was great! Awesome location, close to the subway and surrounded by restaurants and bars. The room was perfect and had nice details that made it feel like home in NYC. Carolinas place was perfectly described and convenient in all ways indeed. Communication was flawless plus the neighborhood is definitely hip to explore. Enjoy! Had a great one night stay at Carolinas place -- perfect location, comfy bed, easy check in!  Great place to stay  Great area, close to plenty of great bars and restaurants.  There is no lift, so be prepared to take your suitcase up quite a few flights of stairs.  There is no area to sit other than the bedroom and the room is very noisy as above a busy street so take ear plugs.  WiFi is very slow.  Carolinas place was very unique and in a great location. While I never had the pleasure of meeting Carolina personally, she communicated effectively and I thoroughly enjoyed the stay! An apartment in the image of this first experience New York: fantastic. Thanks to Carolina. An excellent location for long weekend fun. Air conditioning much appreciated given the weather! There was an issue with the front door lock but the hosts were on hand to sort out. Thank you. Great place, cozy bed, good vibes. Thanks  very accommodating, I had some major flight delays and they waited up for me and were super chill about it. Centrally located apartment. Convenient! Very nice room - very spacious for NYC, très cool neighborhood, renovated apartment. However I found the room quite hot, and a/c took a long while to chill the space; street was pretty noisy at night (loud music, sounded like a party every night - cool if you want action, not cool if you want to sleep). Plenty of sunshine and pretty curtains (but they dont block the light if thats an issue for you). Carolina and Bianca were nice and easygoing. Lively neighborhood but very clean and nice Pros: the room is exactly what it looks like from the photos. Location is great, the AC worked really well. Bianca and Carolina were really polite all the time;  Con: the room was really dusty. The bed cover looked like it hasnt been washed in a while. There were 2 days without toilet paper (not in a row). Online communication was a bit difficult. This apartment is in an excellent location with lots of great food and coffee shops within walking distance. The bed was extremely comfortable and the tall ceilings really make the space seem large. Loved the personal touch of artwork on all the walls, especially the poetry. The kitchen didnt have a stove, just two hot plates but there was a refrigerator for bringing up leftovers. Overall we had a pleasant stay and really enjoyed our short trip. Decent place to stay for a short while. The location is perfect. The front door lock was quite hard to unlock during my stay, so in case this happens to others: twist the key just a quarter clockwise while you push the door open. The bathroom was nothing like pictured in the ad: the walls were covered in writing and the lights are all red and pink. Checkin/out was easy. The apt is on the 5th floor without an elevator. The steep stairs might be a problem is youre bringing heavy baggage. The place was sufficient. Did not realize on fifth floor of walk up and my sheets wrensirty. No toilet paper Good location in heart of lower east side Good place to crash in the LES. Very friendly communication. Unfortunately unclean. great location, very comfortable and chic, i would recommend staying here! Location was great but the room was not clean and smelled like cigarettes. The best feature is the location. Lots in the area within walking distance. A little less polished  than some of the other places Ive stayed in the area, but for the price it was ok. I saw Carolina and Bianca briefly, Im used to interacting with hosts more but on the flip side it was pretty quiet and private. Good Nice; convenient and great location. Great Location, nice people. However, it is rather noisy and the bathroom is not that inviting. I stayed for one night and for that it was fine, but for a longer stay, I would not recommend it: due to nouise and the bathroom. Good place. Die Unterkunft liegt super. Sauberkeit ist ein großes Problem. Big comfy bed in spacious room. Perfect location!	0
313	I am glad to report that had I not used other Airbnb this would have definitely be my first and last. Host left a sour taste in my mouth about staying with a SINGLE YOUNG HOST again especially when you tag along a third party for the first time guest to something you bragged so much about from your previous experience.  The Host does not have what it takes to be a representative of the AirBnB Brand  Had a great stay, thanks! She was really friendly and nice. It was a perfect flat. Thank you Brittany. everything went great, host is a friendly and kind person Clean comfortable good host	0
314	"Loved the neighborhood and all that was done to the house to make my group and I feel comfortable. The host provided extra towels and sheets which was very nice We did not enjoy our stay at Jolantas space. The only positive things we can say are that arrival was fine and we had enough space for 8, though two beds actually fell apart on us in the middle of the night. A headboard wasnt screwed into the bed frame upstairs and the bed downstairs fell through the bed frame. There was no wifi, which the host did not make us aware of and was unapologetic about when asked about it. As an Airbnb host myself, the space wasnt up to Airbnb standards.     There was no toilet paper in the house when we arrived. We had to ask the host three times to please bring us toilet paper.     In addition to all of the us, the house is in an unsafe area. We were advised by locals not to go out around the area because there had been three sexual assaults reported in the park across the street from the house in the last month. This is vital information regarding basic safety that the host didnt make us aware of.      Stayed with my parents and siblings at Jolantas house for my wedding weekend. The house was beautiful, and right on McGolrick Park. My parents arent ""city"" people but felt right at home in Jolantas cozy house.  The house was wonderful our host made everything seamless and easy for us. It is located on a beautiful street and is truly a lovely home. We had a great time and highly recommend this place to stay if you want a true greenpoint Brooklyn experience. Thank you! Jolantas home is in a perfect location and has everything you need to make your stay in Greenpoint a pleasant stay Jolantas place is great - right across from a beautiful park in a great neighbourhood. Tons of space for a NYC apartment. Backyard is a really nice touch. Jolanta communicated clearly over text. We had an incredible stay. The place was easy to enter, very cozy, and a great location. I wish we could have stayed longer! Jolanta was very helpful and responded very quick.  Jolanta was very kind! Check in and check out process was super easy!  House was very clean. Im satisfied with staying at her apartment. Our host was fantastic - incredibly responsive, warm, friendly sending us all information required in advance along with a great list of foodie recommendations for the area. The host also allowed us to check in early and leave our luggage after check out which is exactly the wonderful kind of touch that is so gratefully received and makes a big difference. However, we were disappointed with the home itself. It was very expensive for the quality of furnishings and size. We suspect that this was due to the NY Marathon weekend and prices being increased for this but even still, it felt way overpriced and it under delivered in comparison to other Airbnb places where we have stayed. What a GREAT space!! Jolanta was so easy to work with and very helpful.  The space was exactly as it looked on the photos and we could not have enjoyed it more!! What an amazing location and magical park across the street too... THANK YOU! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!  Great location. Great deal. Very happy.   Quartier super sympa en face dun parc.  La maison est très calme, je reviendrai . Cannot recommend this host or her properties.     I made a reservation which was confirmed but did not receive any details on how to check in. I was given a phone number to call to get further information. Upon calling, I was asked if I would be willing to switch to another property as the current guests would like to extend their stay. I offered to look at the other property immediately to make a decision as we would be happy to switch if it worked for us. I noticed this other property had only 2 bedrooms (one less than we booked) so would be unsuitable for our needs.   I informed the host I would like to keep the original booking and did not hear back from them for a full day (day before check in) . I continued to try to contact the host in order to confirm my reservation and was ultimately told the other guests extension had already been confirmed  so I would have to switch or have no other option (this is New Years Eve day so everything else is already booked). Having no choice, I agreed but asked for check in information immediately as my group was already waiting. Two hours later I received an email from the host detailing check in information. I called to arrange to meet the host at the property for the key. When I arrived the host was late and we waited in the cold. The host did offer a $100 discount on the smaller property, but the complete lack of communication, shady last minute forced change of the property, and general unresponsive attitude means I would highly recommend avoiding these properties.  I used the location to film. The apartment could have used some fresh paint, and communication was a little distant, but other than that it worked well for our filming. Una pessima esperienza, siamo arrivati e non cerano ne lenzuola ne asciugamani puliti. La casa era rimasta come lavevano lasciata i precedenti ospiti. Abbiamo dovuto rifare i letti prendendo le lenzuola dallasciugatrice e non sapendo nemmeno se fossero veramente puliti o solo appoggiati li. I lavandini, oltre che otturati, avevano tracce di dentifricio e sapone di chi era venuto prima di noi. Lhost è venuto a pulire il giorno seguente, ma ha dato una passata veloce, rimuovendo le coperte che avevamo gia tolto noi, passando il bagno e lasciando comunque per terra quello che cera gia prima (un rotolo di carta igenica finito in camera, pezzi di muro qui e li, coperte e cuscini dei precedenti ospiti lasciati li) Mai avuto un esperienza simile su un airbnb, per fortuna che ci abbiamo passato veramente poco tempo li. The host canceled this reservation 10 days before arrival. This is an automated posting."	0
315	The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 56 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 65 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 70 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 76 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Good flat for 5 peoples, good location and beautiful view  Had a good time , communication was great . Definitely would come back .	0
316	"Great apartment. One block from Times Square and close to the subway. Would def stay in Gorans place again. Goran was very nice and stayed in touch to make sure all went well throughout my 4-day stay and he explained everything thoroughly. The listing is pretty accurate. The area is, well Times Square, so be aware of the constant hustle and bustle! For NY city this home is fine for a short stay.  Goran was extremely accessible, friendly, and easy to work with. Location for this property is excellent if you lan on seeing any Broadway shows or hanging out in Times Square. Goran was one of the best Airbnb hosts Ive had! He was accommodating of my schedule, and was very quick to respond to my messages. During my stay, it was nice of him to bring over a projector and a Roku to use in the apartment.     The listing has good value as its located close to Times Square, which makes it easy to visit the nearby attractions. Some things to keep in mind are that the streets are active and you may hear sounds from the street when youre in the bedroom. Also, youll have to walk up a few flights of stairs to reach the listing. I personally had no issues with either of these, but just would like to point them out for the next guest so that there are no surprises.    The listing was pretty clean, but there were one or two areas that could have been better. Im sure Goran will have taken care of those by the next visit. Overall, the listing is great if youre a young person looking to check out the nearby area! The place was awesome and Goran was an excellent host. The apartment was spotless and very well decorated.  The complimentary snacks were the cherry on top an excellent stay. Goran was an excellent host. This was my first airbnb experience and it was amazing. He was fast to respond to my messages, provided us great hospitality, and overall made my trip to Manhattan that much better. I would strongly recommend his place. Goran was a terrific host.  Location is ideal for Broadway theaters and much off-Broadway.  Really loved the location, very central to everywhere I needed to get to + subway stop was very close. Goran is a wonderful host, very kind and responsive.  The apartment is very well located, close to Timesquare and the subway in the heart of Manhattan.   We had a fantastic stay in Hells Kitchen.  The apartment was in a great location, was clean and safe.  Perfect space for the four of us to stay.  More importantly Goran was great to work with.  We were coming in to run the NYC Marathon and days before our arrival our other accommodations fell through.  Goran was accommodating, kind and extremely helpful.  He helped make, what could have been a very stressful weekend, one where everything worked out great.  Thank you for your hospitality and flexibility.  I would highly recommend renting from Goran! Goran is a great host. So kind, friendly & thoughtful. Hours before my stay began, he sent me a video of his front door and where to get the key and what the code was. It was so convenient and stress free.  The apartment was a cute, furnished 1 bedroom. The living room space was very welcoming and spacious with a big coffee table, side table and office chair. Bedroom had plenty of room for my luggage and had a desk I would unpack my laptop and electronics. The kitchen was small but was totally functional and perfect for my stay. I felt like if I wanted to cook, I could have with no problem. He even left me some snacks and beverages in the fridge! Such a sweet and thoughtful thing to do. He sets it up so that you have all you need to begin you stay. Its definitely a place I will consider to stay at again.  Super quartier à Times Square, 3 etages par escalier,  quartier bruyant, pas rideaux occultants dans la chambre Totally nice apartment!! Goran is a great host, he sent me a video of how to enter the apartment; and there is extra food in the fridge, how sweet that is !  The room is clean and cozy. I would definitely stay here again.  Goran was a fantastic host, and his place was very comfortable and convenient. We would stay there again if looking to stay near Times Square. He was very attentive and helpful before and during our stay. Great airbnb experience!! Highly recommend.  Great location and space and a host who genuinely cares if you have a good experience!   Gorans place was exactly as it was described!  He did everything he said he was going to do for us and was very helpful on how to get around to certain places.  He checked in on us daily to see if we needed anything and then gave us privacy.  His place was very safe and clean.  The roof at night was great too, great place to enjoy a nice beverage with cool views.  And we were right in the middle of all the action which made walking to places easy.  This place was perfect for me my girlfriend and my 14 yr old daughter.  I would highly recommend staying at this place if this is what you are looking for.  And I can only imagine that his other places are exactly what he says they are.  Thank you Goran. Great once again!  Just like the pictures. The place was perfect for what I needed it for. Would use again. Thanks a lot! Gorans place was so convenient to everything. Its always great to be able to take a break and have some space to relax in the middle of the bussle of the city. Thanks  Goran has been extremely helpful at making my trip unforgettable. From the first moment of reserving his appt to the very end of our stay. He was never to busy to get ahold of, always making sure that our stay was utmost comfortable. I would highly recommend his appt to everyone. Thank you again for your hospitality. Gorans place was clean and spacious. He was very hospitable and informative. The parking situation was not so bad either. There is free parking on the street between 6PM-8AM with a parking garage next door offering 24$ parking until 8PM if you enter before 10AM  We contacted Gorans apartment at 9pm in the evening, and he replied in 3 minutes.  The communication was so convenient.  The building is relatively old, however, we got everything inside: two beds, fashion TV, utensils, desk for working, printer. You can feel that Goran is so tender to the needs of guests. Will come again. Stayed with 3 of my girlfriends for the night. We didnt spend much time there because we were out. Everything was clean and was super easy to find and check in.  Goran is an amazing host that takes his listing seriously. He went out if his way to make sure we were as comfortable as possible and it is greatly appreciated.   Cozy apartment in the middle of a fantastic area close to everything. I love it :)  Goran was really friendly and the location was perfect! Goran made me and my partner feel welcomed by meeting us at our agreed check-in time and helped us carry our bags up the 3 flights of stairs.  The unit is fairly old and could use some TLC however the bed was comfortable and we had a nice sleep with his ""white noise"" machine that drowns out the loud city noise that you should expect being a stone throw away from Times Square.  Its located right beside the metro subway line so you can get pretty much anywhere by walking 2 min. If you are looking for the basic necessities for a reasonable price then this is an excellent choice.  Goran is mostly available when you need him and will even go the extra mile (like leaving chocolates) for his guests. Thanks Goran! Great place, right in the heart of the city- close to food, theatre, shopping, anything you might need! Goran is also a wonderful and very polite, communicative host who went above and beyond to make sure we were comfortable. Goran was a great host, and his place is small but cosy - quintessential New York!  Getting around and to public transport was easy.  Thanks for a wonderful stay. Goran is a fantastic host! From pre-book to post-stay, Goran makes communication super easy and effective, and truly cares that my stay is comfortable and everything is ok. :) the apartment is true to the description and the location is right in Times Sq! If you want to be constantly engaged in the NYC vibes, theres where you need to be. :) This place is a wonderful value and Goran is a fantastic host who always made sure we had everything we needed.  Its very close to the subway and easily walkable to so many locations.  Theres no doubt that Goran was the perfect host. He was very helpful and always in reach. He was very accommodating from the beginning and helped us carry our bags up and down the stairs not once but 3 times! The apartment was perfect, it had everything  we needed and above all had the best location any tourist is looking for. My mom who didnt know about the ways got around by foot and everything was like 5-10 minutes away. Overall it was an amazing stay! Quite good location; clean and reasonably confortable apartment. Goran could not have been more helpful, Delightful person in a good location , Basic room and amenities. Goran was very communicative and it was very nice staying at his place. Great place for a couple to use as a crash pad in NYC. Goran is very helpful and the neighbourhood is lively (but safe!) Goran was a very nice host. Hes very fast and accurate to answer to any question. Goran has been a great host. His apartment is located perfectly central. Booking and Check worked perfectly. Everything as described. Great location,easy to go to everywhere,Goran has been a great host,communication was excellent,always answer my question promptly,highly recommend and would definitely stay Again,one of my best Airbnb experience Goran took me on very short notice. He showed incredible hospitality. He was very friendly and quick to respond when needed. Would absolutely book again and hope to see him again in the future. 地理位置非常棒,去哪都很方便。房东非常热情,帮忙提行李箱,还非常贴心地送上小吃草莓。信息回复也特别快。 The location is great. Its easy to go anywhere. The landlord is very hospitable , helps to carry the suitcase, also sends the snack strawberry very sweetly. The response was particularly quick."	1
317	I had a wonderful stay at Javiers place. I had great communication with Javier during the stay, and he recommended places while I was there. The apartment was perfect and even included a porch / patio. The apartment was very well located and it was very easy to get around nyc from it. Javiers place is clean and convenient. Additionally, theres a sizable patio accessible from one of the bedrooms, which was a nice surprise. Javier was very responsive, clear and easy to deal with logistics. Despite being on 1st Avenue, the bedroom facing the street is not loud. Hard to beat the location. Very nice apt well located on 1st avenue in the east village. Well equipped, clean, and with a terrace outside ! A bit noisy at night on wkds but well... you are in NY and you know it can be noisy !! The renters are very reactive and accommodate your state. Thank you again !! Great place  Good location A very pleasant place where to stay Lugar muito limpo e adequado para até 5 pessoas. Javiers place was wonderful - great amenities, very clean, and definitely worth the price! My friends and I loved our stay there. The area nearby is also full of good food, and is pretty close to various activities and subway stations. Decent location and price! Javiers accommodations were perfect. The apartment was well stocked, clean, and nearby EVERYTHING. Javier was fast to communicate, making check in and check out seamless.  Just like the description, everything was good and communication was great! We will definitely come again! 駅から5分ぐらい  目の前は小さいスーパー 日本食レストランがたくさんある 家族には向かない。水回りは弱い Javiers is a great location, close to the subway, many charming restaurants, coffee shops and stores.  Great price for what is offered.  Perfect for a group of friends to share or a small family.  Javier responds quickly and is accommodating. If you want to be in the heart of the East Village, this location is fantastic. Easy walk to everything. The apartment is clean and comfortable with plenty of seating and sleeping space for a family or two couples traveling together. Reliable wifi (a must have!) The front bedroom may not be ideal for light sleepers, but the back bedroom should be fine. Check in and check out was flexible and easy. Ill have to return during better weather to take advantage of the backyard patio!	1
318	This was one of the most enjoyable stays I have ever had! It was so clean and beautifully decorated/designed. The outdoor space was excellent and the bathrooms were amazing! I would definitely stay here again with friends or family on any occasion. Thank you Jacob for a wonderful experience. 5 stars all around!! Excellent space and great outside. Super cute area with nice restaurants and easy to get around. Host was very attentive to ensure we had what was needed. Excellent Upper East Side location, short walk to public transport. The unit itself appears to be recently redone with everything as advertised on the website. Very nice outdoor patio space. Loved it! This apartment more then exceeded our expectations. The location was amazing. Super safe and close to everything. The unit itself was incredible clean and comfortable. It had everything we needed plus more. We couldnt have asked for a better place to stay while we experienced New York City. 一开始没有联系上房东很着急,但是后面联系上了以后,一切都很好。 房子很好,非常干净。外部露台晚上不能用,邻居会有意见。 如果有下一次,我想我还会入住这个地方,非常好。 Awesome apartment, great space, pictures are very accurate.   One of the most notable things to me about this listing is how QUIET the apartment is. Its on the first floor, but I think theres a business on the street side, which seems to really keep the noise down. Didnt hear a thing. Its even really pretty quiet on the back patio. I dont think I heard upstairs neighbors at all either.  Bedrooms are quite small, but completely expected, and true to pictures - and the overall space is fantastic and well utilized. Full kitchen, including beer in the fridge :) washing machine in the apartment, and great wifi.   Host was very responsive. Our arrival time was kind of a moving target with changing flight times, and when we arrived somewhat earlier than expected, he communicated quickly and was very accommodating.   Convenient coffee shop a couple doors down to grab coffee or a quick bite in the morning.   Cant comment on location too much as we primarily took Ubers to our business meetings. For us it was great. I would absolutely stay here again.  Thanks for a great stay, was just what we needed! Really nice place to stay!! I couldn’t have asked for a better place to stay during my first visit to New York.  I loved everything about this beautiful cozy apartment and would definitely stay here again.  Located in a great neighborhood and perfect for a group of 8.  Host was awesome and made sure we had everything we needed. Thank you for being a part of my amazing New York experience!!! Nice design flat . All forniture are new. Bed room 2 and 3 are very small Excellent place to stay, feels like home and the hosts gives all the tips and supplies to make your stay more enjoyable. This was our first Airbnb experience and it was amazing. The place was clean and equipped with all the basic necessities and more. Walking distance to many restaurants and right next to a great juice/smoothie cafe. Perfect for 4 adults but could comfortably fit 6. The place felt like our own NYC apartment during our stay. Fantastic place! We fit 8 people no problem. The patio is fantastic, and the indoor space was clean and hospitable. Would recommend to anyone traveling with a large group. Great location, very clean and nice layout. Jacobs place is ideally located near shops, restaurants, Central Park, and the subway. It is a neat, modern space and also is quiet. I highly recommend it. What a beautiful and spacious flat.  My family of 6 had a great time.  The flat was clean, the rooms were comfortable, the location was great....everything about it was perfect for our family trip to NY.  Exactly as advertised.  We hope it’s available for our next trip back to the city. Jacobs place was ideally placed for us in the Upper West Side. The apartment is quiet and very clean with everything you need for a great stay in (Email hidden by Airbnb) munication was flawless and check-in/check-out seamless. Will hopefully stay there again! A great apartment in a lovely neighbourhood. Lots of eating establishments in close proximity to the apartment. Would definitely stay here again. My family had a very nice long weekend at Jacob’s Place. Great apartment in a very convenient location. The place is very clean and comfortable for my family and I. It has everything you need, and close enough to public transportation to get you to many places in the city. The location is great for where we needed to be.  Restaurants and subway access are both very good. We loved the contemporary decor in the apartment and the fact that it had been recently remodeled. Jacob and Yardley were responsive and helpful and the apartment was immaculate and very well appointed. I’d recommend this place to a dear friend and will be back ! Good location and lovely neighborhood. The heating system needs to be improved. Jacob and his partner Yardley were very friendly. They checked up on us on our second day to make sure we were doing alright. On top of that, their house is beautiful and spacious, and they weren’t lying that they can sleep 8. It was great checking out the upper east side of manhattan as their apartment is in a quiet neighborhood. Would recommend this apartment for groups of 6-8 easily. Excellent place to stay. Amenities were very sufficient. Decor was nice and made the place very cozy. I loved the location also.    The only surprise I had was that the faucet was out of commission for the entire stay so it was frustrating for all of us to wash and brush up at the kitchen sink rather than the washroom sink.    Aside from that, overall hosting was excellent. Thanks to Jacob! . Great place! We had a small family reunion and it was perfect!  Lots of nearby eateries and pleasant neighborhood!! Have already recommended to friends! This apartment was absolutely perfect!  It was extremely clean and very comfortable! We stayed at Jacobs during business travel, and it provided a nice work space, and was also in a great neighborhood to walk to coffee, dinner, etc. Trendy and nice spot! The 2 full bathrooms and 3 bedrooms make it great for a weekend getaway! It was nice.  Really enjoyed it.  As advertised.  Good place.  I would recommend it. My girlfriends and I rented Jacobs place for a work conference at a nearby hospital. We were very impressed with the size, quality and location of the apartment, especially for the cost.   The neighborhood is great. There was free overnight street parking (metered during the day), and a garage across the street. And the neighborhood felt very safe. We took advantage of museum mile, Central Park and some great restaurants during our short visit.  Jacob was an awesome host. Very responsive to questions and the check in/check out process was seamless and easy. The apartment was very clean, and boasts of 3 bedrooms and 2 full bathrooms. While the bedrooms are cozy, there was plenty of closet space. Very impressive for a New York City apartment. And although we were unable to utilize the outdoor lounge, it looked quite impressive and can imagine that it wouldve been enjoyable for the warmer months. Pro-tip: if traveling in the winter, there are space heaters in the closet that helped keep us nice and cozy.   I would recommend Jacob and his place anytime. We had a great stay. Thanks! Jacob es una persona encantadora la cual nos ayudo en todo momento somos un grupo de 6 personas que solo hablamos español y jacob se esforzo por ayudarnos en todo momento los que se agradece mucho   En cuanto al departamento es fantastico espacios muy bien distribuido y en limpieza fue perfecto   Gracias jacob por todo ! This three bedroom apartment in the upper east side was perfect for my group during our stay in New York. The bedrooms are all separate from each other. The two bathrooms make it quick and easy to get ready and get about the day. There is a fabulous coffee shop around the corner. Check-in was easy. I would happy stay again. Buena situación. Apartamento muy acogedor y con todo detalle. El anfitrión muy agradable aunque no tuvimos oportunidad de conocerlo. Recomendable al 100% This was our first trip to New York and we loved every minute of it. The appartment is perfectly located to experience New York at its best. It was so clean and safe. I would highly recommend Jacobs appartment. You wont be disappointed. Jacobs apartment was perfect! A group of 6 of us stayed here in Feb 2018, perfect location. A modern apartment exactly as photos show!	1
319	The host canceled this reservation 28 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Clean room and great location The host canceled this reservation 83 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Bai (Baron) and mom are incredibly hospitable. Location is great, 10 minute walk to Central Park, 15 to Times Square. Mattress is extremely firm. Great value overall. Bien ubicado. Good place, nice people, and great location. I highly recommend this place to people traveling to NYC. Friendly hosts, clean+private space, flexible and accommodating with check-in/check-out times. Bed is of the firm, Asian type, so make sure you’re ok with that.	1
320	The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great value. Clean,  cool room, washer and dryer. Interesting neighbourhood and kind hosts. Perfect for my stay. Slight walk to the train but not a big deal. Esther was an amazing and welcoming host. She was great at communicating the arrival instructions and although I checked-in late at night, she stayed awake to make sure that I have no problem getting into the apartment. The room was clean and well air conditioned. I had a very pleasant stay at Esthers place. She was exceptional at communicating the arrival instructions and making sure I was comfortable when I arrived. The room is really cosy and well air conditioned and perfect for a short stay in Brooklyn. Esther and her roommates are really friendly and I would definitely recommend this place! Esther is really friendly and approachable. The room is very basic, but the fan is useful and the wifi is excellent. The location isnt great, but it is very close to the b12 bus route which will bring you to the subway. Esther is a super a friendly and welcoming host.  The location of the flat was ideal for my friend and I as we were quite keen to explore more of Brooklyn. However, with that in mind, the apartment is roughly a 15 minute (slight uphill) walk from the nearest subway station which takes you into Manhattan. It wasnt an issue for us but its worth mentioning. Overall the apartment was spacious and comfortable. The only niggles we had were that our bedroom was covered in dust and we didnt have any curtains or blinds, which meant we were awoken by the rising sun. Would stay again if I ever found myself visiting Brooklyn in the future. Esther is a kind and attentive host, easy to be around and friendly. She explained everything around the house and neighborhood and was patient while I got used to the kosher kitchen.   The room is bright, with air conditioning, and a large closet. Its nice and bright and its been freshly painted. The neighborhood is safe and the locals are friendly.  There is a bit of a walk to the subway, but then its a quick ride to Manhattan and the service is pretty good. There are a bunch of buses within close range making it accessible for the rest of Brooklyn as well.  Staying with Esther is a safe bet if you want to have a clean and calm place to stay where you feel right at home. It is a lovely appartment with a good shower and comfy bed. However the room had plaster and dust in piles on the floors. No curtains in the room, so be prepared to wake up to the sun and neighbors. We were woken up early about 6am on the Sunday by Esther and her other roommate talking.  Advertised breakfast but none was available.  No wifi access.  A decent walk to get food in the morning. Decent place to crash. Not sure if it says this in the description and we missed it but its an air mattress Not great for the back. The room and bathroom are pretty dirty and stark.   Esther is very nice and hospitable! She even invited us to her Shabbat dinner.	0
321	"To stay in alexeys apartment was really convenient. The location is just perfect, directly beside the times Square and a 1 minute walk to the next subway station.  Alexey and his roommate were absolutely kind and the room had all we need to spend some wonderful days in this amazing city!  The reservation was canceled 14 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Location is just perfect. Room was small and simple but good and comfortable enough to sleep. Alexey was a good host. I would recommend this place! The reservation was canceled 9 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 16 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Alexeys place is great for its cost! It has a great location (very close to times square and central park), its clean, and its cozy. Its a little smaller than I anticipated but you pay for what you get. Alexeys place is definitely great for low-budgets! :)  I spent a great moment in Alexis room.  The room was spacious, the bed comfortable and I couldnt imagine that in New York but the room was quite: no noise.  Internet really fast;  Great communication with Alexis by text.    The location is perfect (5 minutes to Times Square).  You have on the corner a small supermarket to buy food.  I spent 5 great days. What I liked:  1. This place is very close to Times Square and so is in the center of the action  2. The room is quite and thats fantastic considering its prime location  3. The room is clean    What I wish was different:  1. The host was down right rood and was NOT helpful at all. My eyesight is a bit poor and so I had requested Alexey to receive me at his building. I had explained my situation and that I will be arriving at night when I may especially have difficulty. To this he had replied, ""I will be at home"". When I arrived however, Alexey refused to come down; like absolutely refused. With great difficulty I found the place, and I saw that Alexey was at home, dressed, and able bodied. I was wondering if you were at home, what was the big problem in coming down?  2. The host was down right rood. On the next day, I stepped out of my room and greeted Alexey ""Good Morning"". Instead of reciprocating my greeting, He shot back ""Why did you not turn the lights off last night?"" Now I had turned off the lights, the one I had put on as well as the one Alexey had forgotten to put off, and I explained this to him. Yet he argued with me and challenged me which I found quite offending. I explained 3 times the same thing to him. He finally relented and acknowledged, ""may be it was one of the other guests"". What? You knew that there are other guests and yet you so confidently and persistently accuse me of leaving lights on. WOW!  3. The pictures show a bed which is fully made up, with bedsheets and all. However, in reality I had to make my own bed. And Bonus, THERE was SOMEONEs SOCK THERE - Gross! Now I would be ok if this was communicated, but it wasnt and I felt cheated. I have been in several Air BnB, and have never seen this.  4. The house itself is very sad. Alexey insists that lights be turned off at all times. This makes room look very dingy, and well its not too great looking to begin with.  5. The room is smaller than what it  looks like in pictures.    Overall, I had a horrible experience here. I would never go back, and would strongly advise against this place. There are better places out there, even if you have to spend little extra. Overall it was a great experience. Alexey was a great host. Other reviews say he is not welcoming but I enjoyed he gave us our space. However the apartment was really small, it the pictures it seems to be spacious but the room and the bathroom were quite small. Remember that hes a professional photographer and that the pictures showed that the bathroom was a lot cleaner and well kept that in person. I did not hear about a bar downstairs as it was mentioned in another review. The room was very similar to that of the picture. The location was very good as it was close to most of the tourist attractions in New York City and were of walking distance. Great price, great location. I would recommend staying here.  Das Zimmer war sauber und von der Größe her für New York vollkommen in Ordnug. Von Alexey haben wir eigentlich nicht viel mitbekommen, wir haben ihn nur beim ein und auschecken getroffen.  Thank you Alexey for opening  you home to my family. It was a fantastic experience to be in the heart of New York in a very traditional old building. Your apartment was beautifully cared for and the room was comfortable. Would recommend it to anyone wanting to stay in the heart of Manhattan. Thank you once again. Nuestra experiencia fue lo máximo, amamos esta ciudad. Los anfitriones se portaron muy bien, la verdad no tenemos queja. EXCELENTE PRECIO y MEJOR UBICACIÓN que puedan encontrar.  Enfrente esta la terminal de Buses Port Authority por lo que si deseas ir a Washington DC por un día como lo hicimos nosotros solo debes cruzar la calle y subirte al autobus (es barato y tienen que comprarlos preferiblemente un dia o dias antes por internet) Алексей, хороший, гостеприимный хозяин квартиры. Очень хорошее расположение, метро, магазины, рестораны, мьюзиклы в 50-300 метрах от дома. Через дорогу отправляются экскурсионные автобусы во все районы города, стоимость на два дня 49 долларов без ограничения поездок. Там женаходядся остановки шатлов в аэропорты Нью-Йорка и автовокзал. Тайм сквер находится в пяти минутах пешком. Если хотите евроремонта, вам не сюда, тут его нет, жилье для путешественников без претензий. Квартира чистая, белье свежее, полотенец не дают, берите свои. Оставить вещи после выписки в 11.00 невозможно, по причине удаленной работы хозяина. Камера хранения находится на углу 37 улицы и 9 авеню. Мы там оставили чемоданы по цене 10 долларов за штуку. Электроплита не работает, микроволновки нет, вся посуда есть. Благодарим Алексея за теплый прием. I never met Alexey, there was someone else called Johnny staying on another room that acted as host for us, probably an acquaintance of Alexey. Very nice guy, although we didnt see much, as we were very little time at the apartment.    The location and price are probably the high points of the place. Also, even though its on a really busy street, there is no noise at all, which is great.    The things that I didnt like too much were:  - Light is a little low, and it looks way darker than in the pictures  - The room is very badly ventilated. You cant open the window, but at least you can turn on the AC in fan-only mode which helps. If you actually turn the cooling function in the AC, it makes quite a lot of noise though.  - The listing says it has ""amenities"", which include towels, but he told us he didnt provide towels on a PM, like, 1 hour before we were leaving for the airport.    Overall it was a good experience. The location is excellent and the apartment is good enough for sleeping and taking showers, and thats all I was looking for. Communication could be enhanced.  "	0
322	"Jake was very accommodating and made my stay comfortable. Jake was very accommodating and easy to get ahold of.   Host was very welcoming and helpful with any and all questions asked. The listing description was accurate and the neighborhood was nice and quiet. Host is very organized and set up the room in a helpful way that provides tons of information from local stores, restaurants and transportation. He even provides transportation himself which I used and it was very helpful.  I only stayed for a night and didnt get a chance to meet Jake in person. Nevertheless, the stay was pleasant enough. The room was very well prepared and clean and Jakes instructions relatively clear. Id certainly recommend it for a night stay in NYC. Wonderful room, clean sheets, charismatic charitable and generous host.  If ever I need to stay in AirBnB in New York in the future Ill be happy to stay again. Everything was easy with jake and very accommodating will be back again  Awesome stay ! Jakes place was a delight to stay at. It was really cozy with comfy bed and pillows. Loved that I could cast Netflix on the TV and entertain myself for the night. Very close to shops and busses that takes you to the main subway terminal  Great visit! Thank you! The host is very friendly and kind as hes dropped me off at the airport in the very early morning. I recommend for people who looking to stay near the airport.  We missed our flight and Jake was able to accommodate us last minute . Comfortable room with access to Hulu and Netflix . Great stay . I will say if you are a light sleeper the pipes or something was a bit bothersome and noisy so I couldnt sleep through the night. Everything else was great! Another awesome stays at jakes place and very accommodating ! Will be back again  Is a good guy and polite  Awesome stay as always ! Jake was super friendly and quick to reply.  It was nice getting a ride to and from the airport from him.  Very convenient.  The bed was not the best and the room had a bit of noise, but it is a basement apartment in New York City at a great price point.  We will stay here again if in the area.   Great host, good location and very clean place, perfect for a nice rest after long flights and real Queens experience.  Jake responds very quickly . The place was very comfortable and clean.  Very great stay! No problems whatsoever. Bed & room were clean along with the bathroom. Good stay & great price. Id stay there again.  Jake was very polite and fast with responses. He sent me a pretty long instruction how to get in, about the neighborhood , transportation etc.. At the beginning it looked like a quest: where to go, where do not go, where to find a key etc. But, I like it, because its very useful, accurate and detailed. Without misunderstandings or mess. Moreover the room was good for this price and very convenient location, if you need to stay close to the JFK airport. Communication was good as far as response. Wasnt aware room was in the basement..was quite confused but Jake did guide me to the room via phone. The bathroom is quite small and had an odor. We didnt feel comfortable showering here. The bed in the room was quite uncomfortable. You can hear a lot of noise from the house it seems. The sheets seemed old and used..they should be replaced. Wifi wasnt working.  Everything described in the post is exactly how it was. Jake was super attentive, he even offered to pick up from airport. Nice and comfortable room. Really nice host, Jake picked us up at the airport and drove us to the apartment ! We only stayed there for a night, but it is really cozy and confortable!  I had a pleasant stay in Jakes place with a reasonable price. Very close to JFK. Id recommend it.  Jake es un anfitrión muy educado y agradable que se mantuvo en contacto constantemente con nosotros para facilitarnos la llegada. En nuestro caso aprovechamos para que nos ayudase con los desplazamientos al aeropuerto.  La habitación aunque de tamaño pequeño tiene todo lo necesario para una estancia cómoda. Cama agradable, televisión, wifi, y detalles como una pequeña guía, unas barritas para comer y toallas.   Quizás la localización no sea la mas accesible en transporte público si deseas estar en el centro de NY, pero merece la pena por la comodidad y los accesos al aeropuerto.  Nosotros repetiríamos sin ninguna duda. La estancia fue genial. An easy place to find and great for a quick stopover night! Good option for a sleepover near JFK. Jake was very nice and picked me up at the airport after midnight. Just remember the price you are paying. Some people may prefer not to shower there because you share the bathroom with him. But it was clean.  The room was welcoming and clean. Jake was helpful and responsive. The house is in a quiet neighborhood and close to JFK, which worked out well for us. It is an older house with thin walls so  I would recommend ear plugs if you are a light sleeper.  The place does not look as nice as the pictures.  I didnt take a shower because it was unclean and had been recently used.  I only walked with my shoes on because the floors were undone. With all that being said.. it was only $59 so I shouldnt expect much and it served its purpose.    Jake is a great host!  Near JfK. 100% recommended  Do yourself a favor and book somewhere else. The pics are very misleading, the host does not care about you as a guest —he only sees you as a dollar figure.   People rent there because of price, location and the pics.   You can find other places for the same price near JFK. The pics are misleading. Your in a dingy basement. With a tiny unclean bathroom. And a host who doesnt care about you. Believe you can do better for your money  This was our second time staying here and Jake was a great host again. We always do the check-in very late and Jake is always prepared to make your stay really easy going. All instructions are always very specific and easy to follow. Finding a spot to park is always easy too. You get exactly what you see. Thanks Jake, see you next time. Awesome stay as usual  Awesome Short stay The room itself is clean, but the outside living room looks like a little not clean enough. And the room is in the basement, which makes it less comfortable. But overall it is god and in good location if you are planning to go to airport the next day. For me its a little overpriced. I had a great time with my mom. Jake was very helpful with us. He picked us up from the airport and he provided us all the information that we required. The room was very nice and comfortable, and also it is located in an area of easy access to public transportation.   Had a very pleasant stay, Jake was always available via text/call. Accommodations were good and made me feel relaxed. I will recommend Jake/ Blue Magic to anyone looking to stay outside the city and still have the immediate amenities at their disposal. Very accommodating.  We arrived after midnight and Jake welcomed us in. Very good host and for the price and location to the airport,  you cant beat it for a quick stay over for a connection. Quite area we we slept. Would stay again!  Great stay for a short layover in New York. Easy to get to and his instructions are very clear. Jake was super easy to contact and was immediately responsive. Would definitely stay here again! Jake is a very attentive host - great materials on area (restaurants / transportation / etc.. ) provided.  He even offered bottled water..  Disfrutamos mucho New York, viaje inolvidable  Great place great host Cheers mate! Perfect for a quick stay beside the airport Jake had all the amenities I needed to be comfortable, including a heater and bottled water. :)  Thank you for taking me to the airport.  That was another perk that sold me on staying your place, location, location, location.:) Jake is a very kind person. Room is great, quiet, cool and clean. Perfect place for that price. There is even a TV in the room. Jake place is really good and his amenities are superb. Though it was not necessary but he came forward to introduce himself and he is good. Except the communication thing to my destination its a 5 star.  Great crash pad for in between flights!  Dont miss your opportunity to stay with Jake. Hes booked often for a reason.  Very personable host. He really extends himself to his guest.  Great place to stay if you flying to/from JFK. Bedroom really comfortable and very helpful host. Recommended  The room was decent.. thought it was bigger but its good.. fast communication..  Jakes place is really nice. We like the whole neighbourhood. The advantage is also the position near JFK. Jake is kind host and I have to him and his place highly recommend! We love the room it is very welcome. The location was really close to the airport. The neighborhood gave us an unsafe feeling.  Its a fine budget place. Not much to experience about the place itself. Close to JFK. A few mins to nearest subway station and bus stop. The room itself is small, no central AC. Comfy bed near airport. Check in instructions very well described by Jake the host and easy to get to by cab. Jake was very nice host, quick to respond and available, at v competitive price, to give one a lift to the typical destinations.  Perfect for if you miss a connecting flight. Great hospitality. Comfortable bed. Clean bathroom.  Отличное место, чтобы передохнуть после перелёта  Place is ok if you wanna be close to JFK. Also public transpo is pretty close.  I stayed at Jakes place with my nephew (14years old) who is visiting from Europe. My nephew didnt like the place at all, he was feeling very unsafe in the area and was saying that he couldnt sleep due to bad smell and was feeling uncomfortable.  Me personally think if you need a place to stay for a few hours (as we did), and you dont care about shower and bathroom then its just fine for the price. There was plenty of street parking, I wasnt really feeling very safe to leave my car there though. Even though we werent very satisfied with the area and the building was very old, Jake made his best effort to accommodate us. I made the reservation the same day, and Jake replied instantly and accepted my request. I arrived his place at 11:30pm and he was waiting for us. So all in all, Jake is great, but we didnt like the place too good. Everyone has different taste, so others might just find it perfect for them. Was perfect for our quick stop over. Not the greatest place, but not the worst place either. Jake is a gracious host. Room is smaller than it looks, and is located in a basement. Bathroom also is very small.  Floor in the room was unfinished. However, despite all of this, there is little to complain about because of the price of the place. I would stay here again if I was looking to spend very little.  OK Communiction with Jake was really good, he picked us up from the airport. Bed  and shower for taller ppl is somewhat small. But for that price and location near airport it was overall good stay. The location is close to JFK airport. The room was very clean and the bed was very comfortable. Jake was very attentive all the time and communication was easy and effective. I highly recommend this place! My boyfriend and I had such an amazing experience! The neighborhood worried us a little bit when we first got there but by the end of the trip we didnt even think twice about walking around at night! Jake was awesome and responded to my questions right away! It was smaller than I was expecting but it was still nice! My only complaint would be that the room got really hot and there wasnt really anything we could do to cool it down. La ubicación es muy buena, muy cerca del aeropuerto. El transporte publico es fácil de tomar. Jake dejo hacer El check-in mas temprano para descansar, lo cual valoro y agradezco mucho. Agradecida con Jake por su hospitalidad. Gracias. Jake was nice, I saw him for about 3 min and slept 15 hours after walking in the door. No one woke me and the bathroom was easy to find. Jake was nice. Picked me up from the airport and dropped me off. Very flexible with check-in time. Everything was good. He was really nice and helpful. The place was really clean, even we couldnt stay longer we enjoyed his help and kindness. I recommend it. Jakes place was great for a quick stop before a 5am flight! The room was nice and clean and the bed was comfortable. Jake was very easy to contact and had great communication The Jake’s house is very good! Simple but comfortable. We stayed for only a few hours for a bath and a nap during a long connection at the airport JFK. It is only 15 minutes from the airport by taxi or uber and also have easy access to Manhattan by public transport. Jake was very gentle and communicative. Cozy room, close to the airport. Jake is very gentle, house is clean and silent. Jake is very accessible, kind and help us with everything that we need. The room is really close to the airport and perfect for a short stay! Mitten in einem ""schwarzen"" Viertel gelegen, inmitten in Jamaica. Relativ laut nachts durch Autos. Jake war sehr nett und die Kommunikation verlief reibungslos! Allerdings stehen im Zimmer Schuhe und Kleidungsstücke von ihm herum, wodurch man die Schränke nicht benutzen kann. Auch hatten wir das Gefühl das es nicht so sauber war und was mich gestört hat, das sehr sehr viele Lufterfrischer von verschiedenen Marken herum standen, wodurch alles etwas komisch roch. 1 Stunde nach Manhattan, was soweit ok war Great stay at Jakes! He was really nice and helped us along the way. Jakes place was clean and he communicated well with us. He also was there waiting for us when we checked in. Nice place, clean, very organized and Jake was cordial and very helpful Perfect for a quick airport stopover. Jake is polite & professional and responds quickly. Thanks  The place was great, very close to the airport, exactly what I needed. Other than that great work, amazing attention to details, very neat, 24 hours grocery store 1 block away, excellent communication. Jake was always available and Ill definitely try to book again when Im in town. Thanks for letting me keep my luggage for a few hours extra. Muchas gracias jake por dejarnos qdar en tu casa fue genial y acogedora la casa Jake is a SUPER Host in every sense...He has copias amounts of helpful information at your disposal making your stay feel like u r at home....The place is spotless and he responds quickly...When u stay here u will Deff feel and know that u r safe and cared (Website hidden by Airbnb) boyfriend and I adore it :} The room is very warm and confortable, very accesible to buss and trains, very closet to the airport and the host is very kind. I do recomend We had an amazing time! The house is roomy, clean, and well-managed. It was so comfortable! Also, our host Jake was very kind! If I come back to this city, I want to stay here again! So comfortable. Place is very well kept Jakes place was perfect. It was a great location and price, the space was clean and well kept, and Jake was always quick to respond. Would definitely stay again! Lugar pequeño, para una estancia corta (nosotros solo pasamos una noche por retraso de un vuelo) limpio y agradable, Jake es amable y claro pues hay instrucciones detalladas para toda actividad, recomendable... Jake was a great person and answered our messages quickly. Great place...very quiet and cozy Jake’s place was perfect for our extended layover in NYC. His place was just as described: clean, quiet and accessible. Jake was also very easy to communicate with, very accommodating, laidback — an overall gracious host! Will definitely recommend. :) We made a stopover in NY and It was great to arrive  and have someone to pick up us in the airport! Jake is very professional and a great host! We surely recommend his place! Nice place for a short stay. You get what you pay. Jake was an excellent host, picking us up from the train station and dropping us off at the airport.  I recommend it. Great place! Accommodating host. Great place to stay Amazing place! Perfect for 1 night before having to drive to JFK.  15 mins to the airport. Jake added a few extra things such as water bottles, a deck of cards, and local food pamphlets. Would stay again! Relativement loin du centre ville de Manhattan, cependant laccès au transport en commun est très facile. Les lieux sont confortable pour deux personnes. La salle de bain reste le seul bémol étant petite! Dans lensemble bien!! Perfect place for a layover - having Jake available for the airport drop off was also very convenient. Will be back."	1
323	The reservation was canceled the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Alejandro was very kind and quickly responded to my messages/texts to him. The room was cute, quiet and very clean. The bed was very comfortable. The closet and drawers were empty for us to use and store all our clothes. The bathroom was very clean too. We would stay here again! Alejandro is a wonderful host. Quiet, helpful and an amazing character. The flat is in a strategic location just beside Bloomingdale and the one block radius is filled with top class ethnic( Italian,Chinese) restaurants, supermarket( Japanese)and 24 hours Diners and Bagel Shop. I am coming back. Nice trip.Tks! Alejandro was a great host. He was extremely responsive to start with when I was making reservations, and then very informative and helpful when I arrived, and I felt completely at ease staying in his apartment.   The apartment location is perfect, and close to everything: subway, laundry, places to eat and shopping ( Bloomingdale, Victorias secret etc).  Overall, I really enjoyed my stay! Alejandro was very kind and quickly responded to my messages/texts to him. The room was cute, quiet and very clean. The location is perfect. Many shopping centers around the apartment. Highly recommend. This was our second time staying with Alejandro. As with the first time, he was friendly, kind and responsive to any and all of my texts to him. My husband and I felt very comfortable in this lovely & cozy room. The listing was accurate and the neighborhood fantastic.  Alejandro was a fantastic host that let my friend stay at his place for the weekend.  He was helpful and hospitable and the place was clean and quite large for a room in nyc.  I would definitely recommend him for anyone looking for a nice midtown location.    Alejandros place is very nice. The room is clean, cozy and large. The location is great, close to the subway and to all facilities (restaurants, whole foods ...). I spent one month at Alejandros place and really enjoyed it. Alejandros is someone quiet and very respectful. Thank you for having me as your roommate for one month!:) Alejandro is a really pleasant and educated individual that made my stay feel really comfortable.  The place is in a great and safe location. The room is very clean and decently sized for New York. The only thing is that if youre staying for a while then this apartment isnt your best bet since there is no living room and if youre ever home then you have to stay in your bedroom the entire time. I would definitely recommend it if youre only staying for a couple of nights where you just need a bed in a great location, but I wouldnt recommend it for extended stay. Alejandro himself is very nice and very clean. Great place and great location.  Alejandros place was in an awesome location with good connections. Lots of restaurats around to go for brekkie etc. The room was a beautiful, clean and accomodated 2 friends travelling just perfectly.     Alejandro was very friendly, easy to reach and a very flexible host! Thank you :) Great room - Greater location!! Hardly saw Alejandro but thats the way I like it to be.  Alejandro was always available via text or (Hidden by Airbnb) - all was very clean and nothing extra could be added. Alejandro was the perfect host, his knowledge of NY is great for people like me who were new to the city. The room has everything youll need is close to the subway to get you to where you want to go.  Alejandro was super nice, the place was clean, and an overall great experience. LOVED it. Alejandro is so lovely and helped to carry my bags upstairs and generally made me feel welcome. Definitely recommend staying here! Super séjour chez Alejandro. Il est très sympa, parle super bien français (et espagnol et anglais), ma très bien accueillie. La chambre est petite mais jai vu pire à New York, mais très pratique et juste à côté de la salle de bains. Le lit est SUPER confortable, le wifi fonctionne très bien. 5e étage sans ascenseur. Quartier pratique pour moi, pas hyper rocknroll mais jai fait quasiment tout à pied et cest bien placé. Seul b-moll sur le séjour : le chauffage ne marchait pas dans ma chambre et jai quand eu un peu froid malgré la douceur relative de la météo en ce début de décembre. Mais Alejandro me dit que ce sera réparé dans les jours qui viennent. En tout et pour tout, je recommande !  Very nice house! Very clean and organized, spacious room. Alejandro was always helpful and respectful of privacy. I stayed for 4 weeks and really enjoyed it. The month long stay was great- Alejandro is very helpful and you can rely on him to be there when you need it. The location is quite convenient, with plenty of restaurants in the immediate vicinity, and just a couple of avenues over from the Lexington subway station. The room is really well furnished and comfortable, and no different from the pictures shown. On the whole, the host is quite easygoing, and you can be assured of privacy during your stay. Alejandro замечательный хозяин: помог донести чемодан, встретил как и договаривались, без задержек. Можно заехать даже поздно ночью. В квартире все чисто и удобно. Рядом метро, магазины, до парка несколько минут пешком. Я осталась очень довольна своим выбором. Ощущаешь себя по настоящему дома. I had a pretty good stay here. The room is comfortable, but much smaller than it looks in the picture. Also, I didnt realize the windows face the side of a neighboring building, so little sunlight gets in. It gave the room a bit of cave-like feeling. However, the bed is very comfy, there was ample storage space, and Alejandro was nice enough to give me access to sheets, towels, and an iron. And there is a big tv with cable which was great. But, unfortunately, the wifi was horrendous!  Alejandro is a sweet guy, although strict about his cleanliness policies, and he does keep watch. Made the place a little less comfortable because I was afraid I would forget to follow one of his rules.  Biggest plus is the location. I was able to walk to work in Midtown which was ideal. All in all, however, I dont personally think the room is worth the high booking price. For a younger person who is looking for a lively place with affordable restaurants and bars, Midtown is not that place. Even if you work in the area, youre better offer getting a much cheaper place a dozen blocks away and just hopping on the subway for a few minutes to get to work. Everything was great! Thanks! I stayed at Alejandros place for about a month.  I highly recommend Alejandros place if you want clean and quiet place in the city. The best thing about his place is that the host is very attentive and the house is at the middle of the city - very good location.  Happy to visit Alejandros place again. Alejandro was a great host! The room was clean, the bed had clean sheets and was comfortable. The bathroom was easily accessible, clean, and completely functional. Alejandro could be reached at all times and was courteous, and very amenable to requests regarding checking in and checking out. The location is perfect - close to some great shopping and restaurants. Would surely stay here again! Alejandro’s place was exactly as described. He also provided some excellent recommendations for local restaurants and the bed was very comfortable. The space met all of my needs and expectations.	1
324	Had a great time, very spacious and nice apartment. Lucy was accommodating.   The host canceled this reservation 27 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 9 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 30 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. We stayed in Lucys spacious 2 bedroom apartment for 5 nights. The beds are super comfortable and rooms cosy with heating in both rooms and the main lounge to keep us warm after dealing with the -11 weather! The main downside was that the bathrooms and kitchen werent clean with several previously used towels hanging and rubbish not taken out and the lack of wifi during our stay. Other than this the place had basic amenities and a great laundromat across the road!	0
325	Great stay! I stayed here for two weeks before I moved into my apartment and everything was great! I booked last minute and he came a long distance to check me in. I really really appreciated that. My travels were very hectic and he accommodated that. The place is super clean and neat. The bed was comfortable and the closet was pretty big. LOLL the air conditioner did make some annoying noises but you learn to ignore it after traveling through NYC subways in the summer heat! Overall, it was a great stay, great host and I definitely recommend!  5 Star! Joe est un hôte très gentil et très disponible. Je recommande son logement. Lappartement est propre et très bien desservie par le métro. Très bon séjour merci joe ,appartement très propre ,une colocataire Sarah exceptionnelle de gentillesse .appartement près du métro entouré de petit magasin pour faire les courses ou faire laver son linge à des prix plus qu’abordable.	0
326	Fernando was terrific ! Beautiful place and super clean ! Fernandos apartment is really great. It has a good size and nice interior. Everything you need such as hair dryer, ironing board, kitchenware, etc. was there. The subway is just down the street and your in Manhattan within 15min. We would love to come back. Fernandos place is in a fantastic area and only a few minutes walk from the train. Once on the train it was approx 12-15 min to the heart of Manhattan and times square. It was a very convenient way to make your way around NY. His place was Fairly clean and had a full kitchen with everything you needed to make it a comfortable temporary home. I would not hesitate to stay at his place again. Great value for thanksgiving day weekend.  It was the perfect location for us, a couple blocks from the 7 train and close to our son in Sunnyside!  Fernando was great about responding to us and I would recommend his place, especially in the warmer months as there is an outdoor space. Great space- very large and with phenomenal amenities. Great value for the location, which is about 10 mins from Manhattan. Fernando was always easily reached via text, and very responsive. Fernandos place was clean, spacious, and beautiful! He communicated with us well and we very much enjoyed our stay! Good place to stay. Manhattan is near. Airport as well. With some cats in the yard. Très bon emplacement, super quartier proche de toutes commodité , à 15 min de Times square par la ligne 7.  Appartement un peu bruyant. Fernando’s place had it all: spacious, clean, well appointed, full kitchen w/all appliances, full bath, bedroom & living room with TV & cable.  We were less than a 5 minute walk from the 7 subway train, and only 15 minutes to mid-town Manhattan.  His Sunnyside neighborhood has many small restaurants, bakeries, markets & convenience stores within a 5minute walk to provide you during a brief or more extended stay. Great place! Short walk to subway station into the city. Fernando had great response time. Check in and check out were a breeze. Would definitely stay here again. Nice, cosy little apartment in a safe area. Train station is just down the road and there is nice diner on the way to have breakfast! Plenty of bedding for the sofa bed, plenty of towels and appreciated that there was an iron and hair dryer also. Very good value for money. This place is great if you’re visiting New York! You’re just a quick train ride to Manhattan (and the train stop is very close by too)! The neighborhood is great, quiet, and lots of restaurants and bars to visit! The place itself was sleek and cozy, perfect for what we needed! Everything was accommodating and very comfortable! What a great NYC experience.  Fernandos place was a really nice place, clean and convenient to the subway.   Well be back when were in NYC! Tuvimos una excelente estadía en el apartamento de Fernando. Él fue muy amable y no tuvimos ningún inconveniente. El apartamento es tal como se lo ve en las fotos y aún mejor. We had a very comfortable stay in Fernando’s place. It was a quick walk to the train and an easy ride to Manhattan. There were plenty of restaurants to choose from, and the area felt safe to walk around—even at night. The space was clean and cozy. We would definitely stay here again. Beautiful space. Nice quiet neighborhood. Fernando was very easy to communicate with. Would highly recommend.	1
327	Very nice location for traveler in NY. Lack of amenities Gowanus Inn and Yard was cool and modern... def working out a few kinks but the communication and thoughtfulness more than made up for it. Highly recommend Alec and his staff:) greatplace! Very nice , cool place .	0
328	I didnt meet Nicolas, we just contacted through airbnb messenger and text. Instead of him, i contacted with Cassie who lives in his house. She was really kind and nice!! She told me some information about market, bus kindly. She was very nice!!! Also the house was good and it was proper for 2 people! The house was clean. It takes about 50 minutes to get to timesquare. Overall it was good. The Place it is very clean and quiet. The hosts very nice and heedful. If you need something they always be there for you.  The place it is very near of Montefiore Hospital (very convenient for me). Subway and bus for go to Manhattan in 30 min. Never any kind of trouble in the area. It is a place highly advisable. I will come back someday. Neat and clean, fairly easy to park, and the most helpful hosts! Thanks so much!   Nico and Cassie are excellent hosts and very friendly. I felt welcome and at home for the entire duration of my stay. They are extremely close to Montefiore Medical Center, and a short walk to the D line or 4 train which get you anywhere you need to be in Manhattan. I  Nicolass wife, Cassie, made me feel very welcome.  The room is great for a student on an away rotation at Montefiore.  It is within walking distance to the hospital.  The bed is super, super comfy.  The apartment is quiet and the neighbors are nice which is great for studying.  I stayed in the apartment for a month and it was a good experience. Cassie (Nicks wife) was very welcoming and helped me with anything that I needed during my stay. The area felt safe and the apartment was clean and quiet. Definitely would recommend this apartment to anyone looking for a place to stay in the area, particularly if youre working at Montefiore, which was only a couple of minutes walk away.  Cassie who is Nicolass wife lives by herself in the apartment and was an excellent host. She was very nice and welcoming! She made sure that I had everything I needed and provided bedding and blankets. There was good air conditioning. The location of the apartment was perfect for me rotating at Montefiore (5 min walk to the hospital). I would definitely recommend this listing to anyone!  I had a great stay at this location. The hosts made me feel at home, although they were not in the house very much, they made sure I felt safe and knew where everything was located (stores etc).  When Cassie heard I liked green tea, she even brought me a box of green saffron tea for my stay. The room was exactly as posted. It was small but clean and I had lots of space to put my clothes. The apartment was located one block away from the subway and on a busy street with lots of markets, which was convenient. I was there for a 1-month elective rotation at Wakefield/Montefiore hospital and it was an easy bus ride away.  Nicolas and Cassie were great hosts to me while I was the in the Bronx for a job interview. We had great communication the entire time and they were easy to reach when I was running late. I needed to do some ironing once I arrived, and Cassie went out of her way to make sure everything was in perfect working order for me.     My room and bed were clean and comfortable. I shared a clean bathroom with Nicolas & Cassie, but never had any issues with space/timing.     The apartment is an easy 5-10 minute walk from Montefiores main hospital (Moses Campus). Overall, my stay was seamless---they made my interview day much less stressful.  Great experience. Easy access to Montefiore hospital. Highly recommended. Everything was amazing! Clear communication, extremely clean room. Highly recommend.  Nicolas and his wife Casi were very welcoming. The room was furnished with very cozy bedding and blankets, fresh towels, and a space heater for my use. The apartment was a very short walking distance to the subway. Casi was incredibly sweet and made sure that I was comfortable. I definitely recommend this listing! What a great place!!  Nicolas and Cassie are extremely nice and accommodating hosts, and my wife and I had a wonderful stay.  The whole place is very clean and comfortable, and the room has plenty of space to store your luggage and lots of outlets to charge your devices!  The bed is super comfortable, and has plenty of blankets and pillows.  The bathroom is also very clean, and the shower has excellent water pressure!    Their building is extremely convenient to 4 and D trains, and is located in a nice neighborhood with lots of food options, small grocery stores, and other conveniences.  We chose their place because it is exceptionally close to the Montefiore Medical Center, and if yo have business there I highly recommend you stay with them!  Its also very easy to get into Manhattan, would be extremely convenient for going to events at Yankee Stadium, is super close to the Bronx Zoo and NY Botancial Garden, and overall is just a nice change of pace from the usual midtown hotel!    I highly recommend Nicolas and Cassie as hosts, and would definitely stay with them again! Cassie is a great host and her apartment is very comfortable. I stayed here for my interview at Montefiore, which is one block away. To go to Manhattan, you simply walk down the street and take the D train straight there. Great place. Cassie was nice, helpful, hospitable and very down to earth ! This location was walking distance from Montefiore and I couldnt have asked for nicer hosts! I ended up extending my stay.  The room is small, clean and comfortable. Will recommend this place to stay anytime.  The host canceled this reservation 28 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. This was a good place to stay. Nicolas and his wife were nice and friendly.  We had different schedule so I didnt see them a lot.  But were still fast at texting back if anything.    Perfect.. highly recommended  I stayed with Nicolas while in town visiting Montefiore Hospital. His apartment is really conveniently located by the Moses campus of Montefiore, in a safe building/neighborhood. Nicolas was easy to reach by email and text, helped accommodate my check-in during the early afternoon. The room was clean and everything was as described! Would stay again gladly if Im ever back in the Bronx I used Nicholas place for an interview at Montefiore Hospital. It was literally a 2 block walk to the hospital and a block and a half to the D line subway. He is very quick to respond for whatever you may need. Apartment is cozy and clean. Same goes for the room you will be staying at. Bed is comfortable. I wasnt able to meet Nicholas due to different schedules, but I was able to meet his wife, Cassie. She was very kind and very helpful. I definitely recommend this place.  Nicholas and Cassie were super helpful giving directions to the place. The bed and room was clean and comfy. Pretty quiet neighborhood considering I stayed there on election night. I would definitely stay again! Apartment and bedroom were spacious, clean and well kept. A few minutes quick walk to Montefiore. Hosts were very responsive and communicated well.  Very nice home that was clean and easy to get to The place was exactly as advertised. It was in a nice area, clean, and cozy. I didnt get a chance to meet Nicolas, but he was very responsive to my questions and his wife Cassie was super nice and helpful. Its a really short walk to Montefiore medical center for those interviewing there. I would definitely stay here again! Nicolas and Cassie was awesome. Highly recommended would stay anytime they would have me  Nicolas and Casi were extremely accommodating and very accessible. They answered all of my questions in a timely manner and made the stay very easy and convenient for me. The room was lovely as well! It was a true pleasure to stay at Nicolas and Casis place; they made sure I felt welcomed and at home. I would highly recommend them to anyone who wants to stay in the area and/or is looking for easy access to Manhattan! Room was cold before heating was turned on by the management Excellent location, 2 blocks to the Montefiore (Moses) Medical Center and Subway station. Nicolas and Casi are great hosts who make the stay really comfortable. Thay are always available for any queries and very welcoming. Room is compact and cozy and has all amenities as promised. Would recommend to everybody, especially if you want to just walk over to the hospital.  This place is amazingly convenient for anyone working at Montefiore in Bronx. It is literally a 5 minute walk to work. The room is surprisingly spacious and the bed is comfortable.  If you like to cook, which I did, it is very easy & accommodating. The kitchen has pretty much everything youll need, with access to stores within walking distance. Casi & Niko are super friendly & accommodating.  I feel very blessed I was able to find such a great place to stay for over 3 months! Highly Recommended This is very convenient place to stay for medical elective at Montefiore hospital. only 5 minutes walk to the hospital and 5 minutes to the subway. Grocery is close by. Clean place with AC, nice bathroom. The host are very nice. This place was perfect for me! As a medical student doing an away rotation at Montefiore, I could get door to door in 5min walking distance. Nicolas was extremely welcoming and accommodating, I had no issues living in his place.  The location aside from being so close to the hospital is also close to the train in to the city and there are multiple restaurants and delis open at all hours within a 5-10minute walk. There is also a grocery store nearby for food. Great room and safe building. Apt had everything you needed. Host are very nice and informative. Parking not so great but hospital is literally 5 minutes walking to the hospital. If you could go without a car that would be your best bet. I did see buses and train station down the block from the building. If you did need a garage there is a garage at the hospital $18/day and another one about 11 minutes walking from the apt and hospital which charges $325 for 3 months. Lots of stores and restaurants. Im just sorry that my stay was ended suddenly and unexpected. Nicolas and Cassie were great and the place was clean, safe, comfy. No complaints! Nico and Casi were very easy to work with. They were always quick to respond and were flexible when I needed last minute changes on my dates. They also left an umbrella for me before I even realized it was raining which was nice. The room was more spacious than anticipated. The space was clean. Location was convenient. It was close to the subway station and Montefiore Moses campus. I would recommend this location for students rotating at Montefiore. Exactly as advertised. Perfect for visiting Med students/residents. 10/10 would stay again! Nico and Casi are great. Very helpful and responsive. The apartment is great too. Super convenient if you work at Montefiore. Stayed for 1.5 months and had no complaints!	1
329	"The stay was wonderful and Ed followed up with me each day to ensure I had the best stay possible  Ed was very accommodating and was great at replying! The place was nice and cozy. It wasnt hard to locate and the directions Ed gave were easy to follow. Would definitely stay here again.  First off i would like to say that i was travelling with my 4 month old daughter. I found this place to be overpriced for what i got. I am aware that prices go up during labor day but quite honestly i paid way to much & was better off paying for a hotel. Its pretty much a hallway,it was very dirty & dusty,the bathroom is small, with the tub being dirty & had dried up soap. I found a roach! I was given a flat sheet to sleep with, no comforter & the pillow case was dirty with i dont even know what. The couch had stains on it. The linens were old/hard & had yellow/brown stains on them. The kitchen had no stove & the microwave was filthy. I had friends come over to see the baby & they didnt even want to sit on the couch, i was soo embarrassed. Overall i was very disappointed with this stay & reconsidering using AIRBNB again It was amazing. Loved the local shops around there. It was very cosy. I would definitely do it again.  We live in the area and utilized Ed’s Home when we had visitors while our home was under renovation. The location was perfect and accurate as stated. The space was very clean! Ed was a great host! Straightforward and neat space. Located in a very quiet neighborhood. A good value if you need to be near JFK. It is far away from Manhattan and all of the other ""touristy"" destinations. It was really nice to stay there. Ed was quick answering all my question. The neighboorwood is really quiet. The apt was nice and clean. We needed to stay till later and he had no problem helping us. Recommended! PS: just a little overpriced, but prob because of it was for New Years Eve!"	0
330	Best host ever! Sofia was a wonderful host, she replies very quick & with excellent communication. She’s very welcoming & will accommodate for anything you need. Her place is a very cozy/ relaxed space. With a beautiful view of the city. I stayed on her couch and the space is shared but I didn’t mind at all. I highly recommend booking her place!  -Thanks xo! I took this couch expecting to not be sharing the rest of the living room with other people, but that wasnt exactly the case. And, there were some other extenuating circumstances. Despite those things, Id still rent from Sofia in a heart beat if shell have me (I am mentally prepared to share a room now) because she is super nice, her place is clean, shes very quick with communications, and was very helpful. Thanks a bunch! Shes the best and sweetest host ever! Clean & pretty appartement, close to the metrostation. I had the best stay in nyc. Im a guy with seriously procrastination issue,but U still reading this review,thats how good she is .The best host ever, but suck at PS4 hhhh.	1
331	First of all the apartment was clean and looks just like the pictures, no bad surprises. It is truly a very cosy apartment and a place where you quickly feel at home. The bedroom is nice and the light is just fantastic. The kitchen/living room is very comfortable and has everything you will need for cooking. The place is very close to the subway and the neighborhood is great.   Marina was a super host, very kind and responded really quick to my request. She was very helpful giving directions from the airport and furthermore she gave a lot of tips and information about the neighborhood, which was really usefull. Marina was very great communicating with during the whole stay. I would definitely recommend her and be glad to stay there again, when I come back to NYC. Marina was a wonderful host and very accommodating to our needs. Our flight kept getting delayed and she very selflessly awaited our arrival, and even provided an affordable taxi service for us to contact. The place was pretty no frills, but our booking was extremely short notice and we werent aiming to stay inside for our trip anyhow. My understanding is that a lot of New York apartments are pretty old, and such was the case with this space. We enjoyed living like locals, and Marina had plenty of recommendations for our stay. We had to look after her cats while there, and they were sweet little creatures, but if you are sensitive to animal ailments, one of them has a milky eye (though both are very sweet natured). All in all a great introduction to airbnb. I would book with Marina, as long as youre not looking for the Ritz, but rather a local space with some a few rough edges in a huge building in an up and coming neighborhood.      My boyfriend and I tried this place as a first airbnb experience, also we hadnt planned much, so it was booked last minute and Marina was very quick to respond. She was a very kind and warm host, our first day arriving to NYC was rough because of a huge bus delay and she was patient and communicating with us to make things work out. She was willing to leave her work for a bit and print directives and additional information to come meet us afterwards to give us the keys at a meeting point because of our arrival later than expected. We took care of her cats during our stay, they were gentle and charming and were nice extra company. The apartment is located near a subway which was rather convenient for us as we spent most of the day out and visiting Manhattan, and we enjoyed living like locals in the neighbourhood. It also felt safe when we were walking home at night. The apartment was a bit more cluttered than expected, but all the basic necessities were available and the bedroom was quite cozy. There were shops, groceries and restaurants nearby as well. Thanks again Marina for everything and for letting us stay at your apartment! :)  Marina is a very kind host, always anserwing very fast and in a helpful way.  We stayed 10 nights at her apartment which is very close to the subway (about 4 minutes to walk) and in a good neighborhood in Brooklyn. The apartment is located in a big and old house. We felt a bit like a short-term-inhabitant of Brooklyn, but we experienced also the disadvantages which come with the age of the house: the old heating system, the sometimes dripping tap in the bathroom and the draughty windows. Maybe this is all much better in the summer time ;)  The cats were okay and adapted to new people, but cant go out. So you have to like cats because they are always around in the living room.    With this apartment, you get a trustworthy host, two not-so-cuddly cats very close and an authentic living-in-NY-/Brooklyn-experience. The reservation was canceled 6 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Marina is a lovely person who was really helpful both before arrival and during my stay, massages were replied very quickly with a lot of useful informations.   The location is very near to subway line Q that brings one directly to Union Square (the trip is about 40 minutes altogether).    One shouldnt expect an area full of bars and restaurants, but on the Courtelyou road (ca. 10-15 minutes by foot) there are some really nice places for a coffee or for a drink or dinner.   Although the flat is not in a free-standing Victorian home typical for Ditmas Park, I would recommend it first and foremost for those whod like to stay in a neighborhood like Ditmas Park, being still well connected to Manhattan -- and dont mind to share the flat with two cats. The ocean at Coney Island can be reached in about 25 minutes with the Q line.            The photos describe quite well the atmosphere of the flat.    The apartment was great! The rooms were clean and we had everything we needed from kitchen stuff to towels. And the two cats are so nice and cute, if you like cats youll definetely love Marinas cats! We spent there 6 days and everything was really good. Its location is definetely nice - not far from the metro, shops, cosy cafes. Marina could not meet us herself but her cousin Katia met us and showed us around the apartment. She was really nice and also gave us some advice for places to see and to do. Our experience was great and I would 100% recommend this place for your short or long term experince of New York. We had a wonderful stay at Marinas apartment. It was clean and we had everything we needed and more. We shared the apartment with two very cute and pleasant cat- (Hidden by Airbnb) . The subway-station was approximately a 5 min-walk. There where also many small supermarkets and various possibilities to eat nearby. We felt very safe and we can absolutely recommend a stay at Marinas. My host was very nice. I found the home easy. The quarter was enough peaceful and poor. We had a great time at Marinas apartment in Brooklyn! Although we were late she was welcoming us very warmly and showed us around. She had even cared for breakfast and fruits.   The apartment itself is actually much bigger than it looks on the pictures: you will have a spacious bedroom with a double bed and a living room including the kitchen and a comfortable couch, where her two cats have their space too. They are really easy to care for and rather quiet pets.  The apartment is situated in the Flatbush area which is safe and offers much cheaper grocery stores and small restaurants than most other neighborhoods in New York. You can get to Manhattan easily with an express train within 25min (subway station is in short walking distance), however, we found public transportation in general a little frustrating - make sure you know when your trains run, especially on weekends and holidays.  Marina is an excellent host - she recommended us several places to go and we could always write or call her if we had any questions, she responded immediately. We would definitely stay at her place again. Marina was a very helpful, friendly host. The apartment was as described on the website. The neighbourhood was perfect for us, with the fabulous Ox Cart bar and restaurant only one block away, and a 2-minute walk to the subway.   Marina was kind enough to allow an early check-in due to our flights arrival time.  She provided notes on the local amenities, and she was easy to contact if we had questions during our stay.  Nice to stay in a tranquil neighbourhood after a day on Manhattan! Marina was incredibly welcoming and communicative, whenever something small came up I could count on her to take care of it right away and to answer any questions I had during my stay. Her home was cozy, quiet, and I really enjoyed the big windows and beautiful light the bedroom had. Would recommend! I had a lovely time staying in Marinas place. Not only was she very accommodating and able to squeeze me in at the last minute, she was also very accessible and provided me with information about the area, places to eat, shop, etc. She has two cats who are very adorable well behaved! The neighborhood was new to me, and felt a bit desolate to walk around alone at night but overall not too concerning. All in all my stay was lovely and I would stay again!  Thank you, Marina! We loved staying here. Especially the ease of going into Manhattan, and the cleanliness/cozy vibe of your place and neighborhood.  The cats were sweet, and we both look forward to staying again for our next visit to the city.  Highly recommended! Marinas apartment is charming, clean and it was in an excellent location for us. The pictures she posted were honest photos. Marina made sure we were comfortable and she was very conscientious and fair with us when a cat problem arose. She is a good host, offers a good rate and her cats are sweet and quiet. The host canceled this reservation 10 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Wonderful stay. Apartment is very comfortable, everything you could need. Everything in perfect working order, clean and well put together. Eclectic and cosy is the best way to describe. However you do feel like you have space. As There is a generous sized bedroom. We were expecting more of a studio. So it was size to have the separate spaces. The building is gorgeous, probably the nicest in the area. Working lift was great and well appreciated over the hot summer.   Location is good, only a block away from subway: well connected Q and B lines which take you express into Manhattan. The area is safe and tidy, people and neighbours are friendly. A cultural area, lots of different ethnicities, which we loved. Lots of local shops and places to eat at all hours.   Lastly the cats; Vasiliy is a sweetheart. He is so adorable, so inquisitive and so gentle. He was the best housemate ever. He is showing his age and has a generous size milky cataract in one eye but you cant help fall in love with him. Oreshka is the other. Sweet natured sky little ginger girl. However she surprises you when she randomly runs up to you for a pat or just to rub past you. Both sweet, gentle cats that will not intrude or bother you at all. Unless you like that kind of thing like we did. A handy sticky roller is included.   Marina was very quick to reply to any needs we had and her friend Lisa who is looking after the apartment while Marina is away was also very helpful. Lisa is on hand if cats are less your thing.   All in all we loved our stay in NYC. We felt like locals and we would stay again or at least visit the cats again.. :) Notre hôte nétait pas là pour nous accueillir ,cest une amie  de marina  Qui Nous a donné les clefs .  Le problème que nous avons constaté , cest quil y a des  blattes  Et même si lamie de marina est venue pour mettre du produit  Les blattes étaient toujours là   Le logement nétait pas propre, et la salle de bains très vétuste   Marina is such a lovely person with good spirits and communication skills . She is responsive and attentive to needs.  She gave me a warm welcome and handed me the keys.  Check out was very flexible. I felt at ease. Her studio is in a quiet and peaceful location . Subway station is just a few blocks away so you do not feel unsafe at night. (fao solo ladies !)  The apartment is old  but soulful which i like. The interior is cosy with personal touch.  Cats add to the homey feeling plus they are sweethearts. I felt happy with their presence.   The house was clean and met my expectations.   Highly recommend.   Marinas little place is definitely cozy! Just enough space for my friend and I to spend our mornings and evenings. Its a very short walk to the Q train, which takes you to Times Square in about 40 mins. We were a little nervous to walk around in the evening but it honestly wasnt that bad. There is a grocery store on the walk to the subway, which was very convenient. Marina is very quick to respond when you need to talk to her. We had a very cold evening and she managed to get her neighbour to provide us with more blankets. Her friend Lisa met us with the keys and came by during the week to clean up the cats litter box. The cats are very sweet and only bug you when youre a little late on feeding them. Overall I am very thankful that Marina allowed us to spend our week in her cozy little home.  Marina was very easy to communicate with, always responding quickly to any questions I had.  She was also quite flexible with respect to check-in and check-out times, which I appreciated.      The neighborhood was very close to the subway station which was convenient.  Several food options within walking distance.    The apartment was pretty quiet, even though I had the windows open the whole time.  Not a lot of noise from the neighbors or the outside, which was a pleasant surprise. how a wonderful experience! very responsive and polite...The cat was a sweetheart and easy to feed...Very cozy bed, and pillows! just loved the place will book in the future Marina was a fantastic host. Her apartment was beautiful - just as described - and we had a wonderful time in her neighborhood. Bright and airy apartment, great light, gorgeous minimalistic design in the bedroom, and really comfy bed. :) Thank you so much Marina!! 5 stars all around!  we were looking for something close to a concert venue (kings theatre).  great find in an amazing walkable unique neighborhood.  we found it hard to believe we were actually in nyc/bklyn (beautiful houses on big sycamore-lined streets).  found some cozy eateries and cafes.  super easy to hop the train straight to central park.  would love to come back!  marina was the perfect amount of attentive and accommodating...not overly. Great value! Quiet apartment, friendly neighbors in a safe neighborhood.  A block away is a gastro pub with the best burgers (Ox Cart Tavern), the best coffee shop in Brooklyn (Milk and Honey), grocery (Key Food), and subway line (B, Q). Host was accommodating when we requested to pick up the key earlier than check-in. Having the cute kitty keep us company during our stay was a nice bonus. Marina is very hospitable and prompt to respond and accommodate! Highly recommended. Great space! The apartment of Marina is very well located, close to metro, supermarket etc. The area is very safe. Marina was very flexible for the times of check-in and check-out because of our late evening flights. We had a good time there. Marina was very responsive to any questions or issues that arose (e.g. Running out of toilet paper). Staying with a cat on the premises required some coordination with her and her friend (who had to change the litter on a weekly basis), but Marina was great about maintaining communication.   The apartments heat (not managed by Marina, but by the buildings superintendent) would sometimes leave the unit too cold, and theres a certain level of street noise and noises from other units that you need to become accustomed to, but the unit was otherwise bright and comfortable. Great access to the Q/B subway and lots of bodegas and cafes in the area.  Marina was very accommodating. Marina is gracious host and did check in to see if we needed anything during our stay.  I highly recommend staying in her home if you will be in the area.   This was my first experience with Air B&B and I look forward to hopefully staying at her location again if the timing is right.     Marina was an AMAZING host. She was incredibly helpful and very attentive. She was available for any questions, and she left a clean and inviting home. Her kitty is beautiful and sweet. The neighborhood is wonderful and beautiful. I felt safe and had a very relaxing stay.  A good value and location. The apartment is exactly as depicted/described and communication was flawless. Great place, safe neighborhood, plenty of street parking, would definitely book again. The host canceled this reservation 6 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Beau petit appartement dans quartier calme, un havre de paix dans cette ville trépidante! Merci pour tout Marina :)	1
332	I stayed here for my birthday weekend during new years. The place was as described and clean. Tola was very accommodating and even let us check-in early. Great place, Tola is very helpful and responsive.  This is such a great place. Its so central that you can pretty much walk anywhere, and also really close to the subway if youd rather use that. The pictures are really accurate, and you have everything you need in the apartment.  Communication was excellent, and even though Tola wasnt in the city when I was there; I had gotten all the information I needed for a very smooth check in and stay in the city. He even replied within the hour to any questions i had while he was on vacation himself.  I had a great stay here, and would recomend it to anyone.  Convenient location near lots of restaurants and the subway. Host is quite communicative and competent regarding check in and check out. Its nice to have a flexible check in and out time. Wifi works quite well. Shower was clean and had a good temperature and water pressure. Cons - Place was visibly dusty, which made me concerned about other aspects of its cleanliness. Visible dust on furniture. No professional cleaner hired pre my check-in. I didnt feel comfortable using the fridge. Fridge stuffed with food, shelves needed cleaning and some food past prime; slight odor upon opening fridge door. Apartment appears to be hosts full-time residence and due to this its stuffed with things including the drawers and out and about in the studio, making it hard to get settled. Its a put your duffle bag on the ground and take your stuff out of the bag kind of place. Odor (from couch? or otherwise?) stuck to my clothes. Tolas place was excellent!  I booked it for one of my employees on a business trip and he made everything a breeze. We needed to change arrival and departure times a few times and he was so accommodating! I would highly recommend this place and this owner and will absolutely stay here again! 	0
333	"It was pretty good ! No complaints .  Everything was great, and Michael was very kind. We have no complaints and would def stay again if the occasion arises.  The stay with Michael was just everything I needed after a long travel. Nice, warm, and cosy room and bed. Everything was clean and Michael was just a great person! Thanks again for everything.  I only met Michael at check in. He seamed busy so we didnt chat much. The place is ok, my only issue was with the noise coming from somewhere in the kitchen. I slept with headphones the second night. Neighborhood is a bit iffy considering there are projects one block away. I wouldnt recommend it for a girl looking for place to stay. Other then that everything else was ok. Michael is a very hospitable  host and the apartment is clean. We had a great stay!Michael was flexible with checking-out with us. The location was good, 5 minutes from a subway station. The bed was comfortable . I would definitely recommend him!  Very nice, welcoming host, and he made the stay comfortable. No complaints. Michael was an nice and accomodating host. The place was adaquate, the room is spacious and has a completly seperate entrance. The neighborhood is nice, and Micheals place is not too far from a metro station. Michael is a great host, I have nothing bad/ negative to say about my experience, or the unit... I definitely will be booking with Michael very soon.  Michael is a very welcoming host, great personality, great neighborhood, and unit. Everything was as listed. Very Quiet and no one interrupted me throughout my stay.  My experience was great as usually when I book  with Mike. Pros:   I booked with Michael about a week before my trip and stayed 3 nights (Thursday-Saturday). He was very quick to accept my request to book and was responsive to my texts. We communicated about my late arrival and he was accommodating and welcomed me late at night. He did a walk-through of the property, which included the bedroom, bathroom and kitchen. The convenience of this place is that it is walking distance, about 5 minutes to the subway station (Ralph Avenue on the C train) and 30 minute walk to Crown Heights neighborhood. Also, the bedroom comes with a futon, although, its kind of broken. It was fine for temporary use. We didnt use the kitchen, but the microwave oven came handy for warming up our leftovers that we brought back to the apartment. Theres a big screen computer screen to surf the net or watch movies, however, the internet is awfully slow. Clean sheets and towels were provided, although the towels had a moldy smell.    Cons:   The neighborhood is mostly residential. There are some convenient stores and carryout restaurants nearby. We bought drinking water. We didnt explore the neighborhood during our stay. There was a NYPD van parked on the street outside of the building at all times of the day and night. Not sure what that was about. We didnt witness any crime on our walk to and from the subway. That is the extent of my knowledge of the area. The apartment from the outside looks fine. However, when entering the building, there is a strong smell of mold in the hallway. Perhaps, from the cloth mops that were also in the hallway. The bedroom is the first unit in the building and upon entering it, there was a strong smell of cigarette smoke permeating the air. Neither of these smells lessened over the duration of our stay. In fact, every night when coming home, my nose stuffed up the entire night until I went outside the next morning. The bathroom is not directly attached to the bedroom. You have to walk down the hall outside of the bedroom to use it. It was for our private use, which was great. There are visible stains in the bathroom, but was otherwise clean. The hot water runs out pretty quickly. The bedroom is pretty dark given theres one window, and most days we came home at night and left the next morning, so we didnt mind. The walls are thin, you can hear everything from outside. It can get pretty cold at night. But we didnt complain about it. The description states, its a 15 minute train ride from Manhattan, but it took us about 30-45 minutes, though admittedly, we didnt get off at the first stop when entering the city. I booked based on the pictures posted, which make the place look roomier and brighter, but that wasnt our experience. It did serve our purpose of sleeping and showering while we explored NYC and surrounding areas. Michael is a pleasant host! Responds accurately with text. The neighborhood is cool and he gives you the exact travel directions you need to get there. Will be seeing him soon  My stay was exactly what I thought itd be which is great. Michael is a very helpful and kind host. Id recommend him to others. The Host made me feel very comfortable and t home  Michael was a great host and made us feel very comfortable. We checked-in earlier in the morning than he expected, but he made sure we got a place to stay. The apartment is right next to the metro station which makes transportation to the city convenient.      First I need to thank the host for making me and my son feel safe and comfortable I had my own private space, air condition tv,  bathroom, kitchen, very cozy Im blessed to find this place for this price thank you Lov The host was great and everything was as listed  F Thank to Michael for hosting us. He was so quick to reply our messages. The kitchen didnt have dishes and utensils but he provided us after we asked for. Everything was quite good and the building was close to subway station.  The most unpleasant part was to spend 45 to 60 minutes to go to downtown New York by subway each time. And coming back at night specially in weekend was even worse Excellent stay  Everything went well with michael! Great place. Loved the layout. The TV had Netflix so you can log in if you have an account. The only downside was that there were a lot of mini flies/bugs flying around. But its only noticeable when youre eating food. el lugar queda bastante lejos de el centro y lugares de turismo aunque hay metro cercano Expérience très décevante durant nos deux nuits chez Mickaël. Le logement est vétuste (plafond de la salle de bain très abîmé, odeur peu accueillante dans le logement et encore pire dans la salle de bain, plainthes arrachees, meuble avec tiroirs cassés, orte serviette dans sdb au sol...) et la propreté est à revoir (réfrigérateur avec moustiques morts, des traces suspectes sur le frigo et sur la poubelle, le miroir de larmoire très sale, les sols sales)ans la salle de bain, il ny avait quun très très fin filet deau chaude dans le lavabo. Quand au coin cuisine, il est également sale, sans aucun couvert avec une habitante de limmeuble qui lutilise pour ses besoins personnels, et qui considère que les locataires airbnb nont pas à y accéder !!  Seuls points positifs : Mickaël nous a accueilli à notre arrivée et nous a autorisé à laisser nos bagages dans le logement le jour de notre départ. Michael was a great host- made sure everything was as easy for us as possible! He made adjustments, he was very flexible. Just what we needed in our first impression of NYC!  The air-con was also a god-send, and towels provided was very handy!  Everithing ok! What you pay is what you receive !! Michaels helpfulnes was incredible. We came to his place the very incovenient time (way too early in the morning/way too late in the night) and the sophisticated way how we could find our room was just priceless :) Thank you, we loved your place. Michael was a really nice host, I didnt get to meet him because we arrived late but he was very helpful! The room is nice and private, the only thing is the bad odor from the kitchen and bathroom but besides that was everything ok!  Lexpérience fut très décevante. Nous navons pas vu Michael pendant tout notre séjour, le jour de notre arrivée, il nétait pas la pour nous accueillir alors que nous nous étions mis daccord sur une tranche horaire darrivée et que nous lui avons envoyé de multiple messages finalement après avoir attendu plus dun quart dheure cest un autre locataire qui est venu nous ouvrir pour faire une visite sommaire de la chambre.  Nous avons été déçus par le peu de chose mise à disposition dans le logement, pas de table, pas de couverts, pas de bol ni de tasse ni de casseroles, pas de savon pour se laver les mains dans la salle de bains, pas de nécessaire pour nettoyer ""to keep it clean as you found it"".   Sinon le quartier est agréable bien quil ny ait pas ""dhypermarchés"" à coté mais plus des petits magasins de proximité et le logement est proche du métro Ralph Av.  Pour les futurs voyageurs, tenez bien compte quil ny a quun lit, une télévision et un frigo. Ne comptez pas faire de repas dans la cuisine, il ny a ni casseroles ni couverts et rien pour nettoyer après mais il a quand même un micro ondes si vous voulez réchauffer un plat.  Enfin prêtez attention au commentaires (trop) élogieux il y a beaucoup de doublons. Michael a été très disponible et très gentil!  Nice plac! Comfy. Mike is very pleasant  Second time staying with this host, second time really enjoyed it. Michael was really welcoming, showed us around, and gave us all the help we really needed. After that he left us by ourselves to go about our day. We very much loved the experience. Michael is really helpful person and comunication with him went so easily. I can recomend staying there to everyone. Michael was very good in coordination and was quite cooperative during our short stay. Nice friendly person to deal with. Place is close to subway that can take you to Manhattan, there are also many shops closeby for food etc.  Ill choose to stay at Michaels place next time aswell.   The room was ok but the toilet was dirty. Lots of privacy. Never had any issues. Michael was kind and readily available in case any issues arose Very comfortable Enjoyed my stay ! Michael was very nice and good with communication.  Nice sized room with extra living area space. Kitchen and bathroom available as well. Good host.  The place is wonderful. It is very close to the subway and you can arrive in a very easy way to Manhattan. You also have some supermarkets close to the house.  The house is quite confortable, you have your own space with a TV, sofa and the bed. You can use a kitchen, that is shared with more people in the house. The bathroom is okay and is private so that is also quite good.  We saw Michael two times and he seems a nice man.  I recommend this place if your idea is visit New York and at nights have a quiet night. Micheal was very nice and provided us with all we needed. He was readily available for any concerns or issues. The room was neat, as well as the bathroom and everything (towels/blankets) was provided to make our stay comfortable. We will definitely stay here again on our next trip!  awesome guy, very kind and nice. makes the best for his guests! Heck of a nice guy, very gracious and flexible with check in/out times.  Would stay again.   Michael is a easy going person, he recommend me some places and gave me some tips ;-) The place is bigger than I expected since it has have two rooms. The only drawback is that the kitchen is a little bit close and you can feell some odors. The location is good. You have full access to a TV and refrigerator. Michael was a good host. Bed size is bit too small for two people. Felt that the furniture in the room was old. Also the place feels a bit secluded and unsafe during night. The C line of subway stops running late. Michael was very helpful and quick to respond to our messages. We had an issue with the hot water and the shower head in the bathroom but he was quick to fix the problem and we were really happy with our stay. Would recommend to others! The place was close to subway and the neighborhood felt safe. We cant believe the other comments are true! My girlfriend and I slept here and that stay was really bad : dirty floor, dirty bathroom (cockroach), no utensils in the kitchen (not even a knife or a spoon), it smells bad, annoying beeping noise all night long, far away from Manhattan. However, after explaining our problems to Micheal, he moved us in another room. The other room is better but still, I do not recommend that location for girls or couples. Only if you are looking for a place TO SLEEP. Forget eating there. It was awesome I highly recommend this place to any one Michael is a great host check in and check out was flexible I loved it .  His place was okay, I just thought it was closer, but it was okay! Decent  Michaels place was ok. There was a slightly weird smell when you enter the apartment.  I only spent one night at the apartment but While I was there one of the other guest or roommates (not sure who actually lives there) threw up in the shower and left it there.. which is crazy because Michael cleaned it when I arrived.  Thats disgusting and extremely inconsiderate.  The place could use a little more TLC and Michael is very attentive to your needs.  SO I guess I would reccomend it if you needed someone to crash real quick.  This ""bad"" review is mainly for the trifling individual that threw up in the shower.    Place is decent if you need somewhere to stay for less.. some quiet time or to just relax with your significant other.. Basic but you get what you pay for. My room was clean and thats all I could ask for. Michael was great if I needed anything extra. He was willing to accommodate me. Michael er en meget rar og imødekommende vært! Han er hjælpsom og er behjælpelig hvis der skulle være noget!   Stedet ligger godt til Metro som kun er 5 minutter væk på gå ben.   Badeværelse samt køkken trænger lidt til en kærlig hånd, så kan godt sige at stedet ikke er for sarte sjæle   Tak for opholdet ved dig michael!  Michaels place is always great to stay at. Ive stayed about 3 times already. Very clean and comfortable every time. Michaels place is always comfortable to stay at when in Brooklyn. Private.. own bathroom.. and nothing to worry about really. This is about my 5th time. Thanks mike! We enjoyed our stay here. The place is just like the picture. Also Michael is a great host. Its a nice place to stay  Not the place to be if your out of town for vocation/ Romantic get away. Bed is soft & Good Communication but the view is not nice & the lighting is terrible. Decent for a night or two. Beds were hard Michael was a great guy. He gave me what I wanted. Only issue was bathroom (smelly and cockroaches) Michael is kind and helpful, and his space is very clean. Perfect for a place to crash at a good price. Will likely stay here again. Really nice host but unsafe and noisy neighborhood. The apartment was dirty uehe Cosy little place away from the bright lights and noises of the city. Quiet neighbourhood, nice room, it served its purpose. Appartement très rudimentaire et propreté plus que douteuse. Overall, staying at Michaels place was worth it.    Cons: The bathroom had a strong odor of mold/mildew and we spotted a few small bugs in there.  Also, we stayed during the weekend and there was a lot of noise on the street at night.  At one point during the evening, a man was pounding on the front door but eventually left.   Pros: Very affordable, super close to metro stations into Manhattan, and central  to Brooklyn hotspots.  There were a few different parks nearby which provided great places to run.  All in all, Id recommend Michaels place to anyone willing to swallow some discomforts in exchange for great location and price. Michael is a great guy! The place is not scarey at all. Lessons have been learned. GET OUT! GET OUT! GET OUT WHILE YOU CAN! everything is normal. when you first sit down on the bed you will get a laugh out of it. maybe a liquid in the form of tears will come out of your eyes (joy/saddess) who knows? i digress. but rest assure your back may hurt in the morning; box springs arent required. whoever said your boy never did nothing for ya. dont be in a rush to leave enjoy the free wifi and netflix. Great place to stay for a small trip. Wouldn’t be a good place for a family to stay but for me and my friend it was convenient Michael was a good host he showed me everything I needed to fulfill my stay, very quiet & doesnt bother you at all , very flexible with check in & check out time. I would stay here again. Great deal for the price!! Michael war ein großartiger Gastgeber. Er antwortete immer schnell und war beim Check-In/Check-Out sehr flexibel. Die Wohnung war leider nicht so sauber wie erwartet. Gerade die Küche war nicht wirklich zu benutzen. Neben der mangelnden Sauberkeit fehlte es an wichtigen Utensilien wie Pfannen, Töpfe, Tassen etc. oder auch an einem Tisch, an dem man essen konnte. Daher würde ich die Wohnung nicht unbedingt für Personen weiterempfehlen, die entspannt am Abend kochen und zusammen sitzen möchten. Für Menschen, die allerdings von morgens bis abends in New York unterwegs sind und dort hauptsächlich zum schlafen sind, ist diese Wohnung optimal geeignet. Gerade die Lage und daraus resultierend das Preis-/Leistungsverhältnis sind wirklich herausragend. Ich würde diese Unterkunft definitiv nochmal buchen. Great location for the metro. Didnt spend a whole lot of time in the room but it was great place to keep stuff there and to have a place to sleep after enjoying the night life Good place to stay! Good wifi, Netflix, bathroom, and nearby restaurants! Good stay The place is cheap and the bed as well as the location are fine. However don’t leave food somewhere because it will attract cockroaches. The kitchen is dirty and not equipped at all. Moreover someone is boiling water 24/7 which seems kind of dangerous as its a gas stove. The smell in the personal bathroom seems to come from mildew. The room was actually great, very private. And the bathroom was nice and clean, so I don’t know why I read the opposite on a review. Honesty is key, people. Don’t exaggerate! You get what you paid for; it’s not some 5 start hotel room. But what’s important is that it’s as described and it’s good for a stay. Michael gave us our privacy, which I like. Communication was okay, transportation is nearby and it was very convenient. Overall, we were unbothered and enjoyed or stay. We will definitely book in the future! wonderful host! A good place to stay if you are short in budget. Michael is very friendly and responsive. Very nice place and neighborhood,  recommended! Great Host, great home. Michael was very friendly and reacted very quickly on all requests. Our room was quite big with an additional couch :D and it was great to have our private bathroom. Location in Brooklyn is great, 3 min to subway station Ralph Av (C-Line), the faster A-Line-subway is in walking distance (Utica Ave). Great Host"	0
334	The place was nice and quite. Wonderful hosts. So very helpful with any issues I had! The room was very warm but they provided multiple fans! Its in a good location and a perfect cost for anyone doing major travelling! Only complaint would be the noise coming from other apartments, lots of banging from upstairs late at night and early in the morning!! Overall a lovely stay! This is a nice peaceful room thats close to public transit and a mall. Very easy to reach from LaGuardia airport. Owners are quick at responding and answering questions. Bathroom was very neat and room was spacious. Nice and Clear. Linda is friendly. Room is small. But consider the location and the price, it is well worth it. 交通便利,地点黄金。房东夫妇是纽约通,对纽约无所不知,很棒的一次住宿。 emplacement calme, un peu chaud mais confortable It was a great place to stay! Very affordable, clean, and in a great location. Only issue I had was finding parking...but thats just New York. Very clean and comfortable room close to public transit. Before, you book make sure you read the entire description. Dont forget to have fun and enjoy the city. PS: No Central Air Conditioning I have no enough words to describe my stay, Hosts were really nice, and i felt that place like my home. Airnbn just allowed me to select 5 stars but they deserve a millions!!!! Thank you !!! Very nice people, close to food and commercial places, public transport, clean and confortable...thank you!! It was the best travel expirience I have ever had. The hosts provided everything with a beautiful meaning behind it. Also they were so nice to everyone which made me feel like I was at home. Thanks so much for their patience introducing new york sightseeings to me and all of the help they provided. The location was perfect, with convinient buses and subways stops. I highly recommend this place as your first living choice to  experience how local new yorker s life. Kevin es una persona muy amable y siempre atenta a resolver problemas Host are hearty. They make me feel very warm. The house is like my home. Thanks! It is very great experience. I really wasnt happy staying here! And, for my first time, I wouldnt recommend this home to anyone! For my first time at Air Bnb, I had a very bad experience! So, I decided to leave a day earlier. And, when leaving, no one bothered to help me with any of my luggage, same as when I first checked in. Also, they locked me out of the home, after I was trying to get my luggage to put in the cab to leave the home and Im banging on the door and no one opened, I called Kevin he didnt answer and I called Linda and she finally answered. Even though I did not like being here, I had to make the best out of it, because I had already booked for 7 days. There is NO KITCHEN, so you will be paying additional money while living here, just for food. MOST IMPORTANTLY, they stole $80 from me, while living there and they tried to convince me, that I had lost it outside. I asked for a blanket and the blanket they provided me with, wasnt clean. I asked for a bowl to eat my cereal, and there was no sink for me to wash my dish. I left my door locked, and when I came back, the door was open. There is noise every night and in the day, you can hear kids running up and down the stairs. Again, PLEASE NOTE: THERE IS NO STOVE AND KEEP YOUR PERSONAL BELONGINGS WITH YOU AT ALL TIMES !! Because, they do have an extra key for your door, they will go in there and touch your money, just like how my money went missing in the room and they tried to convince me, that I had lost it outside. Now I know why she didnt want to come with me to get food and why her husband didnt want to guide me back to the house, that same day I got lost. Because, that was the very next day my money had went missing in the room I had been sleeping in, in their home. Also, they have HORRIBLE communication, they pick and choose when they want to answer you and when I got lost, I was COMPLETELY on my own. OVERALL, for my first time, I had a HORRIBLE experience ! They stole from me and then tried to only give me $20, out of the money they took from me. They are money hungry, conniving, theives and tell you that they want you to give them a good review. HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE! I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE!!!!	1
335	This apartment was exactly as described. Neat, quiet, tidy, well supplied with appliances and very conveniently located. Check in was clearly explained and easy. We didnt meet our host, but they were easily contactable if needed and left clear instructions for us to follow. We had a great stay and would definitely recommend this place to others. The directions for arrival were very clear and seamless.  Apartment is located on a quiet street (for NY) which is nice and faces the street. Easy walking to subway, stores, restaurants, and the park.  Recommend Cafe Lalo highly (on same street two blocks west.) Hostess communication was good and very accommodating.  Perfect for my solo weekend in the city. This apartment is well located and in a nice old brown stone . The host was responsive and we were able to get keys easily. The apartment itself is basic, clean and has all you need for a short stay. The size is not much more than a large hotel room with kitchen. The wood floor and windows could use a bit of repair . The furnishings were very basic, maybe from the free pile? But the real bummer was the thin synthetic sheets. The bed linens were rough and uncomfortable. The bathroom is clean and had plenty of towels but we ran out of hot water after one short shower.  All in all .... upon our return to NYC one week later we booked a great hotel on HotelTonight for significantly less per night and the sheets were much more comfortable .  We really enjoyed our stay at Janes apartment. The location on a quiet street in the Upper West Side was great, and the apartment itself was basic but clean and comfortable - perfect for a brief stay in NYC.   Jane was a very accomodating host: our flight into JFK arrived very late in the evening, but she made arrangements for us to pick the keys up from a 24-hour doorman a couple of blocks away, which made things really easy.   All in all, Id recommend! The apartment has an excellent location, its close to the Natural history museum. However, there were some things that didnt work out. For example, the first day we had some trouble with the TV cable and it was fixed until the next day. Also, a weak Wi-Fi network as well as broken lights in the kitchen. Just to keep in mind, the building is very old.  Other than that, it was just fine. This was our first Airbnb experience and we were very disappointed. The room was not what we expected. Firstly, we did not receive an email with address until 2 hours before our flight left (luckily it was not a 6am flight otherwise we would not have had an address). More thought should be given to different time zones.  The room was on the second floor but having never lived in an apartment block we did not realise the floor where the lobby is was in fact the 1st floor. Door did not have a number on it and was very hard to open. Needed a great big push. A part of the floor had masking tape on it and the window had masking tape on it. Window shutters were very, very dusty. Bed cover had stains on it. Pillows belong in the trash. Worst of all - no working wi-fi! Only 1 teaspoon available. Hot water only enough for one quick shower and after an 18 hour flight this was a real issue for us. Expected a little bit of information about the area but nothing. A subway brochure, a NY brochure would have been nice (considering wifi was not happening). Because of no wi fi I couldnt even ring the contact number as New Yorkers dont seem to know what the international code for the USA is. We couldnt even contact home because of the wi fi issue.The restaurants around are good though and the park is very close. Its not close to Downtown and the area has a nice suburban feel to it. The listing was as described on the website and Jane was very helpful and welcoming and let us drop our bags before check-in time. However, there was an issue with air conditioning and it was one of the hottest weekends of the year in New York City. Jane was very helpful in sending a repairman to check on it. Once it was determined that the AC wasnt going to work, she offered to install one the next day. We werent able to stay through the night and we decided to leave and find a hotel for our stay. Jane was very understanding and gave us a full refund for our stay. If it wasnt so hot, the apartment wouldve been very nice especially location-wise. Beautiful and cosy apartment in quiet neighbourhood. Subway station, shops and restaurants nearby. Accurate instructions from Jane to pick up keys, get to the place etc., good contact and prompt answers to questions asked during the visit. I can honestly recommend.  The location was great. When we arrived, the apartment AC was not in full working condition but they fixed the situation for us.  The host canceled this reservation 33 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. This little apartment is in a pretty great location.  Close to Central Park, A couple major subway stations, and in a really walkable, really great neighborhood.  Tons to eat and see nearby, and still close enough to most things via the subway and a very short walk.    Our host was helpful and worked with our early check-in and late check-out and was available just a phone call away if we needed anything.  In true big city style, you can hear all the neighbors in the building walking around and the such, so if youre a light sleeper, bring some ear plugs or headphones. This apartment is small, but worked perfectly as our city hideaway when we couldnt handle the christmas crowds any more.  The apartment is a little old, and is definitely in need of small repairs, but it doesnt affect the the ambiance at all, everything is in working order, and youre 2 blocks (if even) from Central Park.  I would absolutely lvoe to stay again! The apartment is really cool and well located. Ideal for medium to long term stay in the city. The apartment is in a great neighborhood - extremely safe, close to fun restaurants and bars, as well as the museums and the park. The apartment is spacious and has many amenities such as a pretty full kitchen, table, sofa and TV. Note that this is a one room apartment.    On the negative side - its an older apartment and there were some issues. The host offered to address these and they may have been fixed after I left:  1) There was a window that couldnt be closed. This was actually not really a problem for me since I dont mind the fresh air, except one night when there was a lot of noise outside until after midnight  2) The bathroom had some issue with the pipes so they made noises during the night; also there was kind of a funky smell and the shower curtain was moldy. On the smell, I bought an air freshener and that seemed to do the trick   3) The internet was extremely slow and apparently runs through the other apartments since one day the host contacted me to ask if it was on since the neighbors were having troubles connecting (it was on, its just extremely slow as mentioned)  4) There was also a flooding issue at one point. The flooding turned out to be in another apartment, so luckily my location was not affected, just received a scare    	0
336	"A great guy and an amazing apartment, we will defiantly come  again!    Zachary is an amazing host, he was very helpful and flexible. His place in the heart of east village is clean and cozy, we loved his playful cat and we spent hours playing with him. We loved staying at his apartment, it was a great experience.     A nice apartment in an accessible and great location. The host is quick to respond with great recommendations. Thank you Zachary. Zachary was a great host. He was helpful and gave us all sorts of ideas for things to do in the city. We never needed to call/text him, but he made it clear that we could. He was flexible with our check in times, which was great because we caught the red eye flight in and arrived early.    His apartment is close to busses and the subway as well as anywhere on Manhattan youd want to go. It is in a fun neighborhood, but most importantly, it was clean! No bedbugs here!     The cat was fun to come home to/play with. If I make it back to the city again, Zachary is who I want to stay with! The week that i stayed in Zacharys apartment was perfect    He has a gorgeous apartment in the east village, in my opinion one of the better areas in Manhattan .. Close to everything ..    Zachary amazing person and a perfect host .. He is a very neat and calm and nice .. He explained everything in details about the apartment .. And he answered every question we had ..    In his apartment has a cute cat really nice to play with ..    I really highly recommend his amazing apartment    Thank you Zachary It was  fantastic! Highly recommended. Neighborhood well located and quiet. Cozy and loving cat. Zachary friendly, concerned about our comfort all the time. Very good communication with Zachary! Great apartment in a fabulous location in the middle of the east village. Close to union square for use of the subway and surrounded by great restaurants and places to shop. The apartment is large especially for NY standards just be prepared to carry your luggage up to the 4th floor! Zachary was a great host, extremely quick to respond to emails and answer any of our questions. Super quirky kitty who kept us very entertained! Would highly recommend this place to anyone!  The place is 100% how Zachary describes it: well located, very comfy and with a cat. If you are not used to be arround a pet it might be challenge to face while on holidays. Coordination  to check in/out was very easy and so the communication with Zachary. Overall experience highly recommended. Thank you! A perfect location in Manhattan, in a really cool area, close to most of subway lines, perfect to visit Manhattan but also go to Brooklyn. Zachary was really helpful and provided us with all we needed to have a great stay in NYC! I definitely recommend it. Zachary is so really friendly and nice! He was a responsive, thoughtful, and great host. The apartment is spacious, clean, and in an amazing location- everything the post said is and more than that. Highly recommended to fellow travelers! I really enjoyed staying in Zacharys tastefully furnished apartment. In addition to the bedroom and kitchen, it has a great bright living room with lots of plants, which provided me the undisturbed space that I needed when I had to work. The quirks are as advertised - private toilet outside in the hall (not a big deal) and a playful cat (will make his need for playtime known!). Zachary was very helpful and accommodating, and made sure there was a way of communicating in case anything came up (nothing did). I would definitely stay again! in short: it was great to rent from Zachary.    the location is fantastic and the apartment is quite welcoming. Zachary offers great flexibility upon arrival and checking out, and that was great for us.     the neighborhood is quite sufficient for most visiting needs, as one would think of NYC, but it offers great variety of foods and cafes. that it has easy access to Union Sq and the L-train means that getting around Manhattan/Brooklyn as I did was a fantastic thing about finding this apartment. Zacharys place is very comfortable and homey. We enjoyed having easy access to so many interesting areas of Manhattan and Brooklyn. The place was exactly as described in the listing. The bathroom was down the hall a bit but still felt very private and comfortable. After long days exploring NYC it was very comforting to come home to a playful Kitty and sweet sound system! Although we havent met Zachary in person, he quickly replied any question we might have. Its a cute, cosy apartment, ideal for 2. Location was the most prominent part, lots of great bars & restaurants around. Overall, it was a pleasant experience.   Thanks for having us! The flat was gorgeous - even better than in the pictures, and the location is AMAZING, with a lot of sights within walking distance and so many tube lines around... and cool restaurants.     We had some issues with the cat when we arrived which is why I put 4 starts - the cat was more at ease with us after a couple of days.     I particularly appreciated how easy it was to communicate with Zachary - always very prompt to answer and helpful even if on holiday abroad himself. Checking in and out was also super easy. BEWARE: THE CAT IN THIS APARTMENT IS VICIOUS AND ATTACKED ME WHILE I SLEPT.     I wish I had a better review for Zachary, who was very helpful before I arrived to the apartment, accommodated my arrival time, and has a lovely apartment that is much larger and more comfortable than most other airbnbs Ive stayed in in NYC.     However, Zachary asks his guests to take care of his cat, and asks specifically that you leave the bedroom door open at all times so the cat does not scratch the door or whine. On my second night, while I was sleeping, the cat pounced on me and viciously attacked my arms and hands, leaving me with horribly painful and deep scratches that required lots of antiseptic and bandages.     Prior to that, the cat had been quite confrontational and had scratched and bit at me as well.     I would only recommend this unit if you are a cat owner and very comfortable dealing with them.  When arrived at the apt everything went well! The key pickup, finding the apt, feeding the cat ;-)  The apt is originally like its shown on the pictures! Wonderfull, bright and very easy to feel comfy and ""like home"" Zachary is an outstanding host! Thank you for all your help and for arranging this awesome and sunny weather circumstances ;-)"	1
337	Nice place, great location (just next of the NorthEast tip of Central Park), close to public transport and very hospitable hosts. I had a great stay! The place was nice and clean. Host had great communication. My only issue was that there was no toilet paper but other then that things were fine  This place is at an awesome location and the host is very accommodating.  Its a nice place close to everything that might be needed.  Enjoy the walk on the 5th Ave along the Central Park! There were certain problems when we arrived at the apartment as there was an ongong renovation of the bathroom, so the host had to call the cleaning lady next day. He was quick to deal with the issues. The couch is ok for a third person, though it is a full-scale sleeping place. The neighbourhood is a bit noisy. This is a reasonably good accommodation with all the basics and I loved that its so close to Central Park. Id say the only potential drawback is that the neighbourhood doesnt feel particularly safe at night. Realmente me sentí estafado, el apartamento estaba muy sucio la nevera llena de basura, el apartamento no tiene seguridad en cualquier momento te pueden robar la entrada y el ascensor tenían olor a orina. Yo cancele la reserva a los 10 minutos de estar ahí perdí 320 dólares por eso me siento estafado. Ese apartamento no está en condiciones de rentarse.  The host canceled this reservation 3 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 341 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 20 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 12 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 8 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 5 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	0
338	"This is a fantastic apartment to stay in.  The location is great -- within 5 min walk from 2 subway stations, right in the middle of tons of restaurants, bars and shops in Williamsburg.      The Apartment itself is beautiful with great decor. Also it is very large with lots of natural light in the living room and kitchen.    Amy is very easy to deal with and the process was straight forward.    I would rent from this Amy & this apartment in a heartbeat. Decided to spend the weekend in Brooklyn (Williamsburg) rather than my usual East/West Village haunts on my most recent trip to NY. Amys place is _amazing_. Probably the best airbnb place Ive ever stayed, taking into account (a) location, (b) the place itself and (c) the ease of everything. On location: its exactly where you want to be, everything is within a couple blocks, and yet its very quiet. The place itself is huge, very well decorated, and very comfortable feeling (sometimes I stay in places that are nice, but they dont feel ""like home"" -- this felt like home). And Amy was very helpful with everything, though not much was required. If youre going to Williamsburg, you should definitely stay here. Even if youre just going to NY, you should stay here -- its just a 5 min walk from the Bedford L line that goes straight into the city. On a very last minute whim, my boyfriend and I decided to ring in the new year in New York City. We were delighted to find Amys apartment in the heart of Williamsburg was even more beautiful in person than in her photos, and she was more than accommodating, even given our short notice, slap-dash plans.     We were doubly grateful for the comforts of Amys home when boyfriend came down with a nasty head cold on New Years Eve, bringing our adventurous intentions to a screeching halt. Thank goodness for Amys tea kettle and for hot and sour soup from Vanessas Dumpling house just around the corner! We were able to rally enough to explore Bedford Ave (we had amazing cocktails and snacks at Maison Premiere and found some treasures in the various vintage shops) and take a stroll across the Williamsburg Bridge (a beautiful view of NYC Id never experienced before, and much less bustling than the Brooklyn Bridge) to the Tenement Museum on the Lower East side.     All in all, a lovely experience and I would whole heartedly recommend this apartment to anyone wanting to explore traditional sites Manhattan (this location being every bit as accessible by subway, bike, and walking) and  those wanting to bop around Williamsburg amidst the Young and the Beautiful. Thanks for sharing Amy! The reservation was canceled 7 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Amys apartment was perfect for my stay in Williamsburg. Just a few steps from Bedford Avenue and within walking distance to the L train and also the MJZ trains with super quick connections to Manhattan. Loads of nice restaurants and boutique shops in the neighborhood. Williamsburg is very lively. Especially at night. But the apartment was amazingly quiet. Amy was easy to communicate with and the key pickup went very smooth. The apartment is very specious and feels very homey. You can see that she took great care in the decoration. The kitchen table was my favorite spot. Thanks Amy. I would stay again! :) One of the best air b n b apartments weve stayed in. Great location, close to subway stations, great bars, restaurants, shops, smorgasburg (on Saturday best food market on earth!) and everything you could wish for. The apartment is much bigger than it looks in pictures and BEAUTIFULLY decorated. Very stylish, homely, light and airy. Amy was a great host, we didnt meet her in person but she assured we had everything we needed. All in all we loved this place and would recommend it to everyone.   The host canceled this reservation 17 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. I could not have imagined a better place to stay in Brooklyn!  Amys place was so cozy, and really felt like home. We were close to the train, the Williamsburg Bridge, and some phenomenal restaurants.  Amys recommendations for local hot spots were also spot-on! We could not be more pleased with our first airbnb experience. Thanks Amy! Big pluses: Friendly host, close to subway and lots of hipster cafes and bars with the apartment just one stop to Manhattan! Small minuses: no cable as advertised, having to not be seen by neighbours and wet paint sticking to my handbag. Sad face. Would happily stay again. Amys house is amazing, such a fantastic location. She was so helpful with anything regarding the apartment. We would come back in a heart beat,  The host canceled this reservation 5 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Lovely apartment, great location, as described. thank you! Beautiful spot. Perfect location. sweet and accommodating host. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone! The host canceled this reservation 4 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Nice apartment to stay for 2-3 days.  My in-laws had a wonderful stay at Amys apartment! The space is lovely, with a large kitchen and pleasant living room. The apartment was very clean and quiet, and the location is ideal. My mother-in-law was thrilled with Amys recommendation of the Rabbithole, and she had a great time shopping along Bedford. All in all we would definitely recommend Amys apartment to anyone looking for a great stay in the trendiest part of Williamsburg.  The host canceled this reservation 23 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. La casa di Amy è in in posizione ottima, nel quartiere di Williamsburg (Brooklyn) ad una sola fermata (metro L) da Manhattan. Il quartiere è molto tranquillo pieno di negozi, si anima di più nel fine settimana. La casa di Amy è molto accogliente, spaziosa e luminosa. Cè un riscaldamento molto efficace nei momenti di freddo. Amy è stata disponibile è sempre reperibile. La pulizia buona.  The host canceled this reservation 8 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Amazing and really comfortable space with a lot of charm. Really enjoyed my stay here and wish I actually got to spend more time in the apartment.   Amy was also very communicative and helpful!  Beautiful, clean space in an ideal location! Amy was very responsive and the key exchange was super seamless thanks to Keycafe.  The experience at Amys place was great. Wonderful location, very clean, HUGE space, and she was very responsive. Would absolutely return! Amys place was exactly how it was described on the listing, and perhaps even better. There was lots of great natural light. We went on a particularly warm weekend in May, and the place had a nice breeze coming through with the windows open. The apartment was in a great area, and was just a 7-10 min walk to the metro.  Great location! Beautiful and big apartment but not so clean.  The host canceled this reservation 5 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 22 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. A great stay - fantastic apartment in a brilliant location. Amy was the perfect host - ready to respond to any enquiries and answer any questions"	1
339	Maria was amazing. She was extremely friendly, welcoming and great with responding to messages and answering my questions. Her apartment is a short walk away from the 2 and 5 trains, so getting around the city is easy. Her space is really clean and cozy and I would definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting NYC or the Bronx. Logement supérieur à la description, jétais agréablement surprise. Quartier pas mal, tout à proximité (poste, restau, coiffeur,...). Hôte super très disponible et accomodante. Très bon séjour, merci à Maria. Maria was a very kind and friendly host. She replied messages right away and communication went well. Her place was very clean and cozy. I had a good rest. You get a room for yourself, so it is nice to have a private space, but Maria was also very willing to help if needed. Her place is really close to 2 train, great for travel to downtwon. I would  like to stay at her place again if I travel to New York.  Mariah was amazing! Me and my girlfriend had no idea that our first AirBnB experience would be that awesome.  We basically had all of the privacy we would have needed or wanted. Maria responded fast and let us know everything upfront. I highly recommend staying there. Definitely a blessing! The room was really nice, it had a comfy bed. We only stayed a night but parking was easy to find and Maria was very communicative the whole time. To get to Time Square its about 45/50 minute subway ride. Highly recommend staying here! Marias place is cozy and convenient. The neighborhood is nice and safe. You could easily find groceries and markets within walking distance. Maria is really helpful, too. Great host! Bed is SUPER comfy. Huge spacious room too. I was impressed with how safe it felt to stay here. The only critique that I have is that the pictures dont do justice. This place is pretty neat.  Maria was so nice and friendly, she helped us a lot in knowing where to go and giving us directions. the room was really comfortable and big we really enjoyed the stay there.  would highly recommend it.  She was very kind. She helped us with our trip and even though we checked out at 11 we kept our stuff at our place and came back at 7pm to change and collect them. Very helpful and kind. Maria was a very gracious host and was very flexible with check in times. Communication was always within 5 minutes or less and the space was so big and spacious. Bed was super comfy and she even provided a towel and soap. It is really close to the 2 train at pelham parkway station so it was super easy to get to manhattan from here. I would definitely stay here again if I was ever in the Bronx area again. A+ for the value and for the host!	1
340	Arriving to our Airbnb we were graciously welcomed by our hosts. We were given a full tour of the apartment along with having the chance to ask any questions.   We were extremely pleased with everything. Great location, all bedrooms and bathrooms were very clean. Very comfortable!  No question we would love to rent from this host again!  Jennifer and her husband were very friendly and make us feel right at home. We enjoyed the location and found it very convenient and safe. Central Park North was so close too. The listing was exactly what we expected and the rooms were so spacious and comfortable.  Thank you Thomas for the great experience in NY. We really enjoyed our stay. The host canceled this reservation 51 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great location and apartment. Two major dissapointments: cleaness and noise from outside in the main bedroom. Rest ok.	1
341	Staying at Guelmas place is like Home. She is Warm, Hospitable, Friendly, and you will want for Nothing when staying here. Honestly, I did not want to leave. Sometimes you meet people in your travels and they become like Family. Guelma, fits that description. Excellent accommodations and far exceeds the value.  Comfortable bed and caring host              This was a great cost effective place to stay and its proximity to JFK was perfect for me because of my short stay. The room I stayed in was clean, spacious and had great facilities so would be great for a short or long stay. I was given a new towel and the bathroom was also very clean and with available soap. Guelma could not have been more accommodating, friendly and helpful and gave me lots of tips for my stay. She was really chatty and lovely. I was pleasantly surprised by how nice and safe the neighbourhood was. I would highly recommend this place to any visitors to New York and will definitely book with her and stay again. Thanks Guelma and keep up the good work! Hello fellow travelers. I will recommend Guelmas place for several reasons: very accommodating, a friendly family, and a great price. You cant go wrong with Guelma. Enjoy your stay Guelma was a excellent host. She was there to meet me when I checked in, and showed me where everything was, gave me menus to order food (the place is pretty far from any store) and was there in case I needed help with anything. She lives on a really nice and quiet neighborhood. Would recommend her apartment to anyone traveling to NY. I highly recommend Guelmas place. She was a very accommodating host.  My flight has me arrive very late and she was quite gracious in assisting me with this.  Her house has easy access to transit options and is in a nice neighborhood. The room was clean and comfortable. The only drawback was the listing advertised a private bath, but the bath was a shared bath. Guelmas place is wonderful and the host was very pleasant, nice and respectful. I really enjoyed my stay over the place and I really appreciate the welcoming. I highly recommended this place to anyone that want to enjoy NYC and I definitely will stay over for my next trip.  Thanks a lot. Guelmas place is great. She is very friendly and offered me popcorn and cold water when I arrived. She has menus pinned to the walls in case you are hungry, a mini fridge and a fan. The bed is very comfy! She is a great host! Very convenient location and kind host.  No frills but great bargain if you need a place to stay on a long over night layover at JFK.  The space is a bit rough around the edges but host are super friendly and helpful. I arrived late, but Guelma was waiting for me. Very kind of her. Great and friendly host. Recommend Guelma to anybody looking to rent an airbnb. Guelma is a very nice host! :)   Guelma makes you feel at home!! This place is great, in a very safe neighborhood. Very close to jfk. Guelmas place is great for an overnight layover around JFK. Uber from JFK will be about $20 and 12 mins. Goid place. Near airport I stayed for 3 nights to wait for a flight back home, but didnt refund due to strict policies.  There is something strong in the air that got me sick every time I entered the room.  There needs to be some kind of deep cleansing to be done before this listing is safe for people who are allergic to mold to live in. There were strong odors present as well.  Notice how the bathroom is not presented in the photos- that is because the host is hiding the fact it is unclean.  There are likely better places to book, and for $10 higher a night, you could find a place that wont get you sick. Guelma and Mario are really nice people, my Uber dropped me a few blocks again(Thanks to my maps app), however; they were kind enough to pick me up. The stay was great too. Peaceful. Owner is friendly The experience at Guelma & Marios place was fantastic. It is located in a beautiful and safe neighborhood. If youre looking for restaurants or doing some shopping, you got great options in a nice 20 min walk. Guelma and Mario are excellent and nice persons that are looking forward to make the guests feel as in home. They provided me anything I needed, including a key of the house and the bedroom. I would recommend this accommodation at anytime!! the host is nice, but the room is very dirty Very good Place was easy to find! Guelma is super helpful and will point you in the right direction whenever you need . Thanks again ! Nice place, good price and take around 15min by car to JFK. House owner are friendly and easy to communicate. Check in and check out very simple. Great host. Accurately described. I drove and street parking was good. Accommodations are ideal for someone in transit. Hostess was friendly and gives you space accordingly. Good times. Basic and clean,Guelma was very accommodating and nice...would definitely stay again uu Guelma is an outstanding host. I had a good value for my money. I’ll recommend her place, without hesitation. Amazing place, great host, communication A+++. Will be back again! Friendly host! Guelma was a very kind host. She was very quick with her responses on messaging and was accommodating and flexible with my very messy schedule thanks to the various delays ongoing at JFK. The place itself had a very comfortable bed which was helpful after a long journey, and good shower. Very easy to get a Lyft or Uber to the airport from this location.	1
342	"The reservation was canceled 22 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. This is my first time using airbnb and im glad i came across Jung as she was a very welcoming host and over all a sweet person. The apartment was cozy and felt like home and had everything we needed . Extra towels dishes spices shampoo conditioner .i really felt welcomed and felt like i was in my own home . The wifi was really fast and cable . I really loved the area was really quiet and near alot of stores . Thank you jung for your hospitality and the next time were in new york well most likely book your place again .  The reservation was canceled 19 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The apt and its location was just BEAUTIFUL!!! near all the main NYC attractions; Central park, museums,shoppings, groceries and subways.  I could just step out the apt and walk almost everywhere to the main tours in the city. Time square was only 2 stops from a subway ride.    The apts decor was so sophisticated modern and  very cozy, equipped with everything I needed for a comfortable stay. The apt had big windows in the room, living room, making the space very airy and bright during the day. No noise on the street and very quiet at night yet very safe to walk home at night.    The queensize bed was so comfortable in the room and my other two friends were able to sleep comfortably on queen size sofa bed in the living room.  We were able to cook and eat in the apt. ( kitchen was fully stocked with utensils, pots, coffee maker). We loved the apt dining table where we could eat and do our computer work.    There was a flat screen TV we could watch at night. Great channels and the internet was fast. Our host Jung was so friendly and ready to offer a help when we needed one. I would definitely stay here again on my next trip.  I  do think this apt is good enough space for two to four people who will be active exploring NYC during the day and coming for a comfortable night sleep.  Overall we had a wonderful time and this trip to quote my stepmom...""A Dream Come True"".  We had a small issue with the original place due to water heater malfunction.  Our host secured another apartment that was wonderful.  The location was ideal close enough to walk to Central Park, Times Square, Rockefeller Ctr but far enough away to live like the locals.  The subway was a easy 10 min walk to Columbus Circle.  Numerous markets/deli just around every corner to get quick breakfast/lunch.  If you dont wont to go far for a great dinner after a day to walking.  Bello Italian Restaurant is right on the corner and the food reminded me of my travels in Northern Italy.    Jung was terrific. A responsive and attentive host, always answering communications right away. She helped us get to her place from the airport and was accommodating when we needed an extra night.  We enjoyed this clean,  well designed modern apartment with all new furnishings and plenty of supplies. And what a great location just a stones throw from Central Park with its fabulous markets, restaurants and museums and the B train right next door! My partner and I could not have been cosier in this snowy week. The apartment was warm and snug and so handy for the park and subway. There was some noise from downstairs but a note under the door put that right. Jung could not have been more attentive. I would recommend it to all. Daniel We spent a wonderful week at jungs. The apartment is beautiful,clean and comfortable also with an eight months baby. It s really close to central park that is beautiful also with the snow and not far from subway station. The area is nice full of shops and restaurants. Jung is a nice host really prompt in answering and nice. We will definitly be back! Place wAsvcery bad insulated, very cold with low heating...i strongly recommend not to go there...elevator is scary building is (Website hidden by Airbnb) s way too expensive for what it is!! I repeat DO NOT GO THERE !!! Apt was ok: the deco is nice, v clean and warm (too much actually) Location is great. The building is average, commons not so great, tho you dont live there! A bit pricey i would say but nice area, you walk in a minute in Central Park. Our host was great, she responded promoltly every time we needed her.The apartment was just as described, very clean, with all nessesities, many clean towels, freshly mad bed, plenty of different teas in a very well equipped kitchen. The apartment is located in the heart of NYC, one block to Central Park where you can take lovely walks, ten minutes walk to Lincoln Centrer and Metropolitan Opera, twenty five minute walk to Metropolitan Museum, thirty minutes to MOMA etc. Perfect location, its more residential neighborhood, not very touristy , which made for great French Bistro style restaurants where all the local people go! The were outstanding !   The street is surprisingly quiet and the apartment was quiet at night.                     Pros - Jung was a great host and quickly sorted out any problems we had. The apartment was a superb location very quiet neighbourhood. The apartment itself was clean with plenty of towels and essentials.   Cons - the description of the apartment was misleading. We were shocked when we arrived expecting to find the apt shown in pic 21/33 in a beautiful brownstone building. Instead the apt was in a building which looked like a youth hostel. The lift was awful with cardboard and curtains hanging inside. Pic 14/33 was not even the bathroom in the apt. all we had was a dysfunctional shower which was totally unusable even after Jung kindly had it fixed. The water was tepid not warm enough to shower. The bath tap was hot and ztrong but there was no plug, we had to kneel down under the tap to rinse ourselves. Jung explained that the shower was normal for a 100 yr old New York building but this is 2015. It was absolutely useless for the price we paid. It simply did not work and there was no way we could bathe. The heating in the teeny bathroom couldnt be turned off. Photo 18/33 was not of this apt either. Jung kindly let us leave our cases there all day on our last day. Just the perfect NY place to stay!! Great location, just 20 steps from central park. Jung was great solving details and giving us the info we needed. U can tell she is a graphic designer, because the decoration is beautiful. We were super happy!! The bulding from outside is not pretty but honestly who cares :) GREAT location on the Upper West Side about half a block in from Central Park!  Good restaurants, shopping, and museums near by.  Fun to run or walk in the park.  Clean apartment with good natural light.  Very comfortable bed and good linens.  Highly recommended!   We were delighted (relieved) when we walked into Jungs flat last Monday.  It is well decorated and offers a comfortable, convenient home base.   And, it was immaculate. Jung provides all that we needed for our weeks stay...from fluffy towels to enough kitchen items to eat in once in awhile.  They even had the extra bed already made up for my granddaughter. The flat is in an exceptional location. While just half a block to Central Park, its a pretty quiet residential street. We were surprised how warm the flat got, given its just April but it looks like theres a place for a wall a/c unit. Jung was available by phone when we had a question and she also hooked us up with a great driver to/from the airport.  Wed definitely rent Jungs flat again. Everything was perfect at Jungs. The apt is very beautiful as it looks in the photos, even better! The neighborhood is one of the most lovely places at New York, near to the park, and a lot of shops and restaurants. It has everything you could need. Jung was very kind and helped us every time we needed. 100% recommendable!!! Everything was clean, organized and pretty. We didnt have any problem during our stay. Jung was available all the time and answering our questions. We found the apartment exactly as we expected.  Jung was always prompt when contacted prior to the trip, and since we had no issues with the apartment, we did not need to contact her during the trip. The apartment was in a prime location - an essential requirement when visiting New York. A few steps from Central Park and one train line, and convenient to a second train line and supermarket, a variety of restaurants close by, quiet neighbourhood. It could not have been in a better spot, and the apartment itself was comfortable and well appointed. We were very satisfied.  We were welcomed by the taxi recommended by Jung and he leads us directly to the apartment.   I recommend it for your stay in New York. We love this place, clean, comfortable and charming, close to everything. Will certainly recommend to my friends. Joy was a good host. She was accommodating to our particular circumstance. The flat was clean, nice, and comfortable. She was available for questions thru text or phone call. Plenty of towels, essentials, and coffee. Location is perfect. Less than a block away from Central Park. Great for morning/afternoon runs. Subway is only a block away. 4 guest fit comfortably. Some of the photos arent from the apartment. We had a great stay.  The apartment was clean, had everything we needed, and provided plenty of room for the four of us.  Joy was a gracious host, available but never in the way.  The location is fantastic, very close to Central Park, and plenty of restaurants and shops within a few blocks.  Subway convenient, which is key if you want to experience the city. Nice appartment just one block from Strawberry Fields. Stylish, clean with AC and and well equipped kitchen. The two studio beds in room one (main) and two (sleeping) are reached by relatively steep latters (not for kids or unfit people), and there is one double bed on the ground floor in room two.   Good neighbourhood with a small 24/7 supermarket around the corner. Three blocks from metro 1,2,3 (red line) on W72nd. Joy organized a driver called Luís who brought us from Newark to Manhattan (USD 80) and back to JFK (USD 65) in the end - nice guy, good car.   Joy was friendly, the handing over of the keys quick and easy. I definitely recommend this appartment for up to four people, to stay comfortable. Would return anytime. Thank you Joy! We were very happy with this wonderful little apartment in an ideal location close to the subway, shops and restaurants and Central Park.  The apartment is comfortable, clean and nicely decorated.  The proximity to Central Park meant great morning runs and a lovely respite from the city when we needed it.   Apartment is clean, well furnitured and overall as described. Perfect location, close to the park. However we had an issue with a host . Joy woke us up with late night delivery  of 15 ikea furniture boxes with out any approval from our side. Boxes were loaded in the middle of the way and we had to relocate them next morning. We wrote her emails raising this issue which never got answered. So we submitted complain to airbnb with all supportive evidences. Host first declined and after accepted the fact but called our request for 1 night refund ""absurd"" for her short visit.   I believe if you rent entire apartment you can expect your privacy to be respected.    Excellent location, ideally situated between two subway stations so you can easily get to all the main must-see places. Pleasant residential neighbourhood with shops and restaurants just a block or two away. And, of course, fantastic to have the beautiful Central Park a few minutes along the road. Accommodation size is fine as an overnight base. We have two teenage children and it worked well for us. Lots of things provided including towels, coffee, tea, toiletries and hairdryers. We did not need much contact with Joy as all went well. It was rather short notice to be told on the day we flew in that the pre-arranged driver could not collect us from the airport. But the yellow cab ride was a fun way of arriving in NYC and cheaper. New York is an amazing city and we had a brilliant time. The apartment was an important part of making the visit a success. It Was a really Nice Time in the flat . Everything has Been done from Joy for is to spend a good Time in flat and NYC . Flat is clean and functionnal . Thanks !!  The location was perfect!  We were able to see all the sights and more with easy access to the subway and an easy walk to Central Park and the attractions/museums close by.  Joys Apt. was very nice to come home to after long days sighteeing and it was great to have so many dining/coffee/grocery options nearby.  Joy was very easy to get ahold of and helped out at every turn! We really enjoyed our stay at Joys apartment. We didnt meet Joy but met her housekeeper who was friendly and showed us round when we arrived. The apartment is in an amazing location, right by Central Park and lots of great restaurants and museums, and has everything you could need for a comfortable stay. The apartment was clean and really nicely decorated. Unfortunately Joys driver wasnt able to pick us up as we were told last minute he was unavailable, but we got a yellow cab instead which was ok. Would definitely recommend this apartment to anyone visiting New York!  This is a wonderful apartment.  Everything as described.  VERY close to subways, Central Park, National History Museum and lots of restaurants.  Im looking forward to booking it again for our next trip. Nothing could have been better. Perfect location, lovely space! Really quiet and peaceful neighborhood in UWS half a block from Central Park and close to 2 subway stations. We had an amazing time! We had a great stay at Joy´s apartment.  The description is accurate.  The neighborhood is great and the apartment is very close to 2 subways.  Joy was flexible about letting us check in early and very attentive in responding our questions.   Very nice apartment in a great neighbor, next to Central Park , with many restaurants and near one of the best subway stations /72nd st.). The apt. was comfortable, quiet and very well equipated, and Joy provides us what we needed. I really recommend it, and i would repeat this choice. Fantastic position! The place was very clean and tidy. Would definitely stay there again and would recommend to anyone.  Joy, was easily accessible if we required to contact her and always responded.The Neighbourhood was good and had easy access to Delis, Coffee Shops, Restaurants, Pharmacies, Central Park -3 Minutes and Metro Station. The Location was excellent.  The apartment was definitely quiet despite being in a very central location. I had a great time in NYC.The flat is in an amazing and safe block:few steps from Central Park and near every sightseeing spots either on foot or subway.Joy has been always available,when needed. Joy was great and thorough to work with. Her apartment was in a fantastic location, had all the amenities, and worked out perfectly!  Clean, modern and comfortable apartment. Very convenient for Central Park, 2 subway stations, 2 supermarkets and a variety of restaurants/coffee shops. Good facilities in the kitchenette and bathroom (better than expected). Joy responded very promptly to fix a minor mechanical problem in the bathroom. Good size beds, though two can only be accessed through step-ladders. But, overall an enjoyable experience. El apartamento de Joy es mejor de lo que se publica en las fotos. Cuenta con un living-comedor muy amplio donde pueden comer en una mesa familiar seis personas de manera muy cómoda y apreciar la TV desde los sillones. La cocina está muy bien equipada, cuenta con microondas, lavavajillas, cafetera, pava eléctrica, heladera y tostadora, mas una vajilla espectacular. El baño muy limpio y ordenado, completo con toallas, toallones y todo lo necesario para bañarse. Tiene la habitación principal con una cama matrimonial y dos entrepisos con colchones donde se puede dormir muy bien. Fuimos 5 personas, estuvimos muy cómodos, cada pareja tenía su lugar y nos sentimos como en nuestra propia casa.  La ubicación es ideal. El departamento está ubicado a media cuadra (50 mts) del Central Park y en la misma manzana del famoso Dakota Building. En un radio de 200 metros se encuentran cinco líneas de subte que te llevan a recorrer toda NYC. En la esquina hay un mercado abierto las 24hs, también una amplia cantidad de locales de comida y un muy lindo centro comercial. La zona es muy segura. Times Square no queda lejos y un muy buen plan es ir caminando por la calle Broadway, atravesando Lincoln Center y Columbus Circus para llegar a destino.  Joy cumplió con todo lo prometido, siempre respondió a nuestros mensajes y estuvo muy atenta con cada cosa que necesitamos. Si nos tuviéramos que alojar devuelta en esta increíble ciudad, sin dudas volveríamos a elegir el apartamento de Joy.    We had a really nice time at Joys place. It was really close to restaurant and museum.  Leiligheten var ren og innbydende, men veldig varm den dagen vi kom. Ble bedre når vi fikk i gang air condition, men veldig varmt på de to hemsene. Ellers fungerte leiligheten fint for en familie med 3 voksne/tenårings barn. Veldig nær offentlig transport, park, museer og restauranter. Bad og kjøkken, helt greit. Området rundt var stille og rolig, men ikke langt til butikker. To negative ting: Vi måtte hente nøkkel et annet sted og møtte ikke Joy personlig. Hun var veldig redd for å  forstyrre naboene, det virket som hun ikke hadde lov å leie ut og det var litt ubehagelig.   Positivt: Vi kunne sjekke ut når vi ville på dagen vi reiste, og det var veldig behagelig. Great host, great apt and great location!  I give five stars!  Great neighborhood, we felt very safe and were close to great shops and restaurants, and close to Central Park.  Also, very close to Subway station.   The layout worked great for us (family with 2 teens, one boy and one girl), so each of the kids had their own bed.  The living room is actually quite spacious by NY standards, and tastefully decorated.  Wifi worked great.  The apartment was very clean, and we were provided with more than ample hanging and storage space.   This was a wonderful space, clean and well lit.  Perfect location for sightseeing in Manhattan.  Close to the #1 Subway line which takes you down to 9/11 and Statue of Liberty.  Kitchen was small but well equipped.  Safe area.  Comfortable beds.  My kids loved climbing up into the lofts.  Joy was very reasonable and easy to work with.   This apartment made our stay even better.   The location is wonderful.  Just behind the Dakota building, a few steps from Central Park, many nice restaurant and the subway nearby.  The appartement is nicely decorated, has a good size and is clean.  The heating system was very loud and we couldnt turn it down.  It was so hot in the appartement we had to leave the window open all the time!    The ladder to go upstairs is very steep and not child friendly at all.  One of the mattress is an air mattress. it is noisy,  not comfortable and was deflating on one side.  Coming back at the end of the day, we noticed somebody came in the appartement while we were away (we found an empty ginger ale can by the front door...). We called Joy.  She was very reactive but never found out who it was.    On the departure day, we were plan to leave at 11.00 as asked but by 10.30, somebody tried to enter the appartement. Luckily the chain was on. Maybe the cleaning lady that came early?  We will never know.  My daughter that stayed on her own was to scared to ask who it was. Joy was extremely kind and thoughtful, everything was clean and tidy, more than enough towels and well kept plants that made us feel at home. The apartment was ideal for our family reunion plus the location that is just incredible, half a block from central park and very near the Lincoln Center and Columbus Circle. The host canceled this reservation 176 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Nous étions 6 personnes (dont 4 ados) et lappartement etait très bien agencé. Il y avait assez de vaisselle et des serviettes de toilette plus que nécessaire.   En arrivant nous avons trouvé de quoi faire un café ou un thé ce qui était fort agréable. Cétait propre et calme.   Par contre il faisait plutôt chaud, on ne peut pas régler le chauffage et nous avons du laisser les fenêtres ouvertes la nuit. Nous navons pas utiliser la clim. (car pas habitués et bruyant) par contre nous mettions les ventilateurs en route pour rafraichir avant de nous coucher.   Nous navons pas réussi à mettre en route la TV (pas de signal) mais cétait plus par curiosité que par nécessité que nous voulions la regarder.  Le quartier est sûr et calme, à 2 pas de Central Park (au grand bonheur des jeunes), proche des stations de métro. Il y a un supermarché tout près, très pratique pour faire ses courses et les caissières fort sympathiques.  Joy était joignable à chaque fois que nécessaire. Nous vous recommandons ce loft très esprit new-yorkais. Le quartier dans lequel est situé lappartement est vraiment très agréable, tout proche de Central Parc, du métro et de nombreux commerces et restaurants sont à deux pas du logement.  Lappartement est aménagé avec gout, et correspond bien au descriptif. Peut-être un peu sombre, mais très calme. Il y a tout ce quil faut. Toutefois la literie est très mauvaise: matelas pneumatique qui couine à chaque mouvement ou en mousse très douce !  Nous navons pas vu Joy de tout notre séjour et nous avons communiqué que par la messagerie de Airbnb. Un acceuil donc très impersonel.    Mais malgré ces petits défauts, nous avons passé un agréable séjour. Die Lage war gut, die Wohnung sauber und gut ausgestattet. Leider waren die Betten im Loft zu weich und quietschten. Als Startpunkt für Erkundungen gut geeignet, ebenfalls für Oper und Konzerte .  Joy was very helpful in the lead up to our trip and responded quickly to any queries. The apartment is in a superb position 100 yards from Central Park. The subway line with connections downtown is a short walk away. The apartment is clean and compact. We really enjoyed our stay in New York at this apartment. We have just returned from a fabulous 8 nights at Joys apartment. The best thing about the apartment is the location and as a family of 5 we enjoyed spending every evening in Central Park which is only a few minutes walk. In the other direction is lots of grocery shops and restaurants so everything was on our doorstep. The underground is at the end of the block although we preferred to use the buses to see as much of the city as possible. The apartment itself was clean and very comfortable and felt very spacious. I would definitely recommend this apartment and would stay here again in the future.  Perfect location and very clean apartment. We had a lovely time. One of the mattresses in the loft is an air mattress and the other is a foam pad.  This was not made clear when I booked the apartment. Also, we could have used a few more pillows. We had six people and only 5 pillows. The couch that is said could be used as a bed, is not comfortable at all to sleep on.  Plenty of towels. Overall it was a great experience.  Host met us upon arrival and showed us all we needed to know about the apartment.  great location, particularly good for walking.  Good restaurants close by.  Plenty of towels for 6 people.  Crisp and clean apartment. Joy made the experience easy for us. We would not hesitate to stay here again. It was fantastically close to central park (2 min walk) and 30 mins to  time square. 2 of the double beds are only accessible by ladders which are very steep (not suitable for young children). Joy was always able to be contacted whenever needed. Highly recommend :) Joys apartment was perfect for us. We loved the neighborhood and the excellent access to Central Park and everything we needed. The apartment was styled well and Joy was easy to communicate with. She helped us with a tricky check-in time.  This apartment is wonderful.  Not a huge amount of space, but more than adequate for our family of 4, and probably pretty roomy for NYC for the price.  the apartment includes pretty much everything one would need to have a great stay, and the location is fabulous. I AM POSTING MY EMAIL TO AIRBNB AFTER MY ONE AND ONLY NIGHT AT JOYS APARTMENT IN LIEU OF A DESCRIPTION OF MY EXPERIENCE.  BECAUSE, FRANKLY IT WAS AWFUL.   Email to AIRBNB:   ""Four months ago, after I had booked and paid for the dates, I contacted Joy via airbnb to inquire about a review that said one of the beds was an air mattress and that I had safety concerns because the reviewer thought someone had come in while they were away.  She specifically told me that she had 3 real beds, that none were air mattresses. We checked in yesterday and find that one of the three beds is an air mattress. Another one is just a foam wrapped in sheets. We sank into the floor. She has since agreed to refund us for four nights, but I want a full refund. This was a blatant lie about the home and its amenities.  Ive had to scramble to find other accommodations.  It has been a stressful first day in my vacation.  She has also refused to communicate via airbnb. She will only communicate via (Hidden by Airbnb) . I have copied and pasted the conversation onto airbnb.  We had already gone to purchase groceries and now we have to trash them because all I could find for accommodation was a hotel.  Im very disappointed, this is my first airbnb experience. ""     I checked out 7/10/16, and it is now 7/27/16 and am still waiting for the promised refund.  These people should not be allowed to rent or host, and AIRBNB should protect guests against these kind of fraud.      Email me for pictures of the air mattress and foam covered in sheets, plus, the ladder to the bedroom loft is coming off its hinges, and it is not leveled to the floor.  It is very dangerous and a lawsuit waiting to happen.  I will answer any questions and other experiences.  The other people that live in the apartments are very suspicious, and we got dirty looks coming in and exiting the apartment.  You will not feel comfortable in this apartment because of that as well.    (Email hidden by Airbnb)    My family and I really enjoyed staying at Joys place.   It was clean and well appointed.    There were plenty of places to sleep and all the beds were quite comfortable.   (Even the blow up bed in the main loft that was covered in a mattress pad was comfy.)    The ladders to the lofts are very steep, so if you dont like to climb or are afraid of heights, I wouldnt recommend this apartment.   However, if thats not an issue, then this is a perfect place situated in one of the best locations weve ever stayed in Manhattan.   Pros:   superb location, easy check in, large living area,  lots of comfortable beds, well appointed kitchen and baths with all the necessities including dishes, cookware, coffee maker, towels, toilet paper.      Cons:  steep ladders into loft areas,  We had a lovely stay in Joys apartment. The location couldnt be better! Being right by the park and 2 subway stops was priceless. The apartment is bright and clean and had everything we needed. There is plenty of shopping close by. Joys home was a great home base for our family.  The location was wonderful, especially if you are looking for a more local experience like we were.  We felt safe and good restaurants and shopping were nearby.   Being able to have access to an oven, microwave and refrigerator was nice and helped keep expenses down.  There were plenty of towels and the kitchen was well stocked with dishes.    The only concern Id want others to know before they choose this location is that the stair to the two lofts are very steep and the bedding in the lofts are not actual mattresses - one is an air mattress and the other more of a foam bed.  It worked well for our kiddos, but as an adult, I wouldnt have been comfortable climbing or staying in one of the lofts.  Emplacement parfait de lappartement à quelques pas de Central Park. Appartement typiquement new yorkais. Calme car donne sur larrière de limmeuble. Espace à vivre très vaste. Globalement bon séjour. A savoir : les escaliers des mezzanines sont très raides, les lits des mezzanine assez mous, la ventilation un peu bruyante, le canapé du salon peu confortable, la salle de bain petite et un peu défraîchie, lappartement un peu sombre (donne sur une cour et 1er étage). A part cela, rien à redire. Une bonne adresse à connaître où lon se sent bien. Advertentie en beschrijving van de buurt klopten helemaal! Locatie was geweldig, ruimte mooi en groot. Voorzieningen prima (bv. theezakjes, olie, afwasmiddel etcetc.). We waren met 5 personen, er was weinig privacy mogelijk. The host canceled this reservation 6 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Location is excelent. The apartment distribution is convenient and a lot of fun for kids. Maybe the furniture could be improuved, specially the living room sofa, and the matrasses, wich are quite unconfortable. Our stay was in August. Usual cleaning staff seemed to be on vacation, and the staff in charge didnt do to much of a great job. Overall our stay at Joys place was fantastic!! Contrary to a couple of reviews, we found the bedding comfortable and although the ladders to the loft were steep as mentioned in one review we had no problems at all getting up and down. The location is incredible. The apartment is very clean with absolutely everything you could need. Joy was very accommodating of some special requests to suit our needs. We were concerned about how quiet and unseen we needed to be prior to our stay but this ended up being no problem at all and we rarely saw a neighbour. The only con would be that the sofa was broken so we had nowhere to really sit in comfort at the end of a long day - a pretty small con made up for by a lot of other great features. Thanks Joy! Par un texto Die Wohnung hat eine super Lage, ist sehr sauber und durchdacht für Reisende eingerichtet. Joy war freundlich  und zuvorkommend. Nachteile: extreme nächtliche Lärmbelästigung durch obere Wohnung, mehrere Nächte hintereinander - Schlaf dadurch unmöglich. Die Wohnung ist für 7 Personen im Angebot, es gibt allerdings nur 4 Sitzplätze am Tisch. Das 7. Bett ist eine kurze Sofaliege, die kein vollwertiges Bett ist und sich mitten im Wohnzimmer befindet. Insgesamt eignet sich die Wohnung nur für Sportliche - sehr steile Leitern zu den Schlafkojen.  . The place was as expected- just like the description and photos. Joy was responsive, and helpful wherever possible.  The apartment was comfortable and clean. Everything was perfect, the apartment, the location near the park and the metro, many restaurants, supermarkets, etc  Shes so organice and the rules was very clear that makes everything easier  Had a wonderful experience.  Loved the accommodations.  It was very clean.  The apartment is in a great area with dining, grocery nearby.  The beds were comfortable.   The apartment was in the perfect location - next to the trains, Central Park, the Natural History Museum, Lincoln Center, Columbus Circle, grocery stores, and great restaurants. It was also very clean and had everything we needed for a weeks stay. Thank you, Joy! Nous avons été un peu déçus car nous navons eu aucun contact avec Joy ,personne pour nous accueillir, et personne lors de notre départ. sinon lappartement est très agréable joliment décoré, très propre, cuisine fonctionnelle bien équipée, les lits en hauteur (surtout celui de la chambre ) sont assez difficiles daccès et nous avons été obligés de dormir dans un canapé dans le salon très inconfortable .Lemplacement est exceptionnel tout près du parc, du métro, des restaurants, et supermarchés. Le prix est cependant un peu élevé. Joys place is the ideal spot for the Upper West Side, so close to the heart of Central Park and the Upper West side shops and restaurants. The neighbourhood is very safe and quiet and everything is within walking distance.  We stayed there as a family of four and the large man room makes the place feel very spacious and relaxing. Perfect location in UWS, half block to park. The space itself was just fine.  The furniture is threadbare, there is paint peeling from walls in places, the bathroom has no ventilation and opens into living room. To check in you have to pick up key several blocks away, which wasnt a big deal but off putting. What was most annoying to us was that the apartment was clearly not legally rented to us, and we were repeatedly warned to ""enter silently"" and not to mention Airbnb but rather that we were friends. If we made too much noise we would be evicted from our stay.  Ugh.   But if youre ok with all of that, the price was great for the location! Joy is a good host. She basically would respond my message whenever I have problem. The room is overall okay, and very convenient location to get to central park or public transportation. just a bit old in terms of the finishes. The bathroom is a bit tiny.  Nice location to Central Park Great place - tæt på undergrunden og dagligvarer og ikke mindst central park lige om hjørnet  Apartment’s location was excellent; it was clean and had sufficient space so we (4) had “breathing room.”  Joy was responsive.  For sleeping space, the couch made up as a bed was broken and could not be used.  Loft beds were accessible, but A/C didn’t cool lofts particularly well.     Few places to sit; and some chairs were wobbly.    Other minor issues included lack of paper towels or Kleenex, and no top sheets on the beds.  Biggest issue was the sign in the building entryway that short term stay renting is illegal; if rented through Airbnb or similar sites you must leave immediately or be escorted out by the police.  Our small group had little to no experience with Airbnb rentals, so the sign naturally startled us; the one who did have Airbnb experience said prior rentals did not have a similar sign. Het was een prima verblijf. Niet fantastisch maar ook niet slecht. Het was schoon en het lag centraal. De wifi was snel en de keuken was goed gevuld met servies. De matrassen waren van foam en lagen erg zacht maar gaven niet veel steun. Er was niet veel plaats om te relaxen en er was niet echt een bank om op te kunnen zitten. Aan tafel was er een stoel te weinig voor vijf mensen. Maar voor een week was het prima! In real estate, the saying is ""location, location, location"" and Joys apartment could not have had a better location for a big city getaway: it is steps away from Central Park, and a short walk to two subway stations, Fairway, Zabars, the Natural History Museum, and many other places worth visiting. (For runners, the apartment offers quick access to the loop around Central Park, as well as the reservoir.) NYC can be very noisy, so I was very happy to discover the apartment does not face the street. I loved the airy, loft-like feeling of the space, as well as the modern, minimalist decor. I would stay here again. Great location next to Central Park and easy communication when I need to contact Joy. Would be here again. Very central, great location - ladders to loft spaces a bit steep for my liking! We had a great time at Joys. Basically out most of the day and nice place to go back during the night just to chill and have a nice breakfast the next morning. You have to be careful with the noise and theres only one small bathroom which is kind of unconfortable but not so bad. Joys apartment is amazing! Its huge and has a great location in the Upper West. I strongly recommend you to stay here when visiting NYC with friends or family :) More spacious than it appears in the pictures. 5 minutes walk to Central Park. Location is great... Quiet neighborhood, no sirens or traffic noise.  Beds need to be upgraded. Lofts are only accessible by steep ladders and not safe for children or older people to go up and down. Older building with hard wood floors so upper unit is noisey when tenants are home. The stairs overhead are noisey when other tenants are climbing up to their units. It echoes like the inside of a drum in unit because tall ceilings dont absorb noise, which could be fixed if it was insulated. Appartement fidèle aux photos, pas de contact avec l’hôte, cependant très réactive sur les demandes..accueil et sortie fait par la femme de ménage (très sympathique). Logement situé à 3/5 min du métro de la 72st.. à 6 min en métro de Times Square (42 St)...situé a proximité des restaurants et supérette...logement très propre déco sympa, mezzanine difficile d’accès surtout celle de la chambre.. voisins très bruyants au-dessus surtout lorsqu’on dort au niveau des mezzanines. Séjour à 5 copines..J’y séjournerais de nouveau et le recommanderai.. This apartment is a lovely, comfortable and unique place to stay. It is very spacious, with high ceilings and a brick wall that adds ambience and warmth. The two lofts are cozy spaces to get a nights rest, and we did sleep well. There is a nice bedroom for more privacy, and the living space had ample room for the four in our group to relax to conversation and some light snacks. But with Columbus Ave 1/2 block away, and the whole city at close hand, why eat meals in when there are great restaurants nearby! We enjoyed Pomodoro Rosso and Santa Fe, both near the corner of Columbus and W 71st, but we wished we could stay longer to sample the many other fine eateries in the neighborhood. If you choose to eat in, the apartment has a nice kitchen with the usual amenities and appliances. Morning coffee was easily made in the drip coffee maker with coffee stocked in the apartment by our host, but two of our group chose to walk down to Columbus Ave for espresso drinks (2 or 3 buying choices right there). The apartments location is excellent. The Upper West Side has a pleasant vibe and good access to the rest of the city. West 73rd is a one-way street that felt quiet and safe. Half a block west is Columbus and commerce, and half a block east is Central Park West and the park. A short block south at 72nd is a subway station, where you can get B and C trains to points downtown and uptown. Just inside Central Park at 72nd is the John Lennon memorial and nearby is the fountain by the lake, two popular spots to see. Wir waren als Familie mit unseren zwei erwachsenen Söhnen da und sowohl die Lage als auch die Ausstattung haben uns sehr gut gefallen We had the best stay at Joy’s place.   Ignore any negative reviews.   Everything about the place is perfect.  The location is excellent.  It suited our needs in every way.  Do yourself a favour and book your stay there.  I’ll definitely be staying again! The location is absolutely PERFECT! We stayed during thanksgiving and the parade was literally right outside of our door. Getting checked in was super easy and we didnt have any problems at all with entering and leaving the building. The space was much bigger than we anticipated plus it was great having a fully ready to go kitchen! Also, there was a grocery store less than a 5 minute walk away so we could get groceries super quick. Definitely recommend this property! I was a first time AirBnB user, and my groups experience was excellent.  We had 5 adults on our trip, and we all had plenty of space with plenty to do in the area.  Everything was as described and we had no issues at any point.  I would definitely recommend Joys place to anyone who wants a great location and a spacious setup. Joys place is great! It is as described and looks like the pictures. PLENTY of space for 3 friends on a girls trip to NYC. Huge clothing rack with a gazillion hangers was a nice and needed surprise. Very close to 2 MTA stations so it was easy to hop on the train to get to where we needed to go despite staying on the UWS. Quiet neighborhood, quiet neighbors. Back bedroom is quiet but front loft you can hear hallway traffic which was not so bad. No dishwashing liquid but we ate out most of the time so no big deal. Small bodega around the corner for any needed snacks. We LOVED it. Thanks Joy!!  Joy’s apartment is in a perfect location. Easy access to all that the upper west side has to offer. The location is ideal- you could not find a more safe, stylish and authentic New York experience than being on West 73rd off of Central Park West. We were thrilled. As well, the apt is great -it has one big room for all to gather- very unusual in NYC. The ladders up to the lofts were a bit challenging, but we were very happy to have the extra beds. Joy was both accessible( pre-check in organized) and thankfully hands-off ( which was really nice as many AirBNB owners can be too present). Being familiar with NYC, we were really happy with our stay and had a wonderful experience."	1
343	Artems place is located in Williamsburgs most comercial and nightlife area, which is great for shopping and going out although quiet noisy in return. The apartment has lots of light and the room is very spacious (as the attached office is included). Artems roommate Arthur was very kind and private, we hardly saw him. Two kittens live in the apartment too, its definitely a building for pet lovers. We didnt met Artem but he was responsive to work out the inconveniences we could have. Very kind and easy going, Artem Tried to help us even from abroad. The flat is in a strategic and quite position in Brooklin.   Not suggested for those who don t love cats, cause the 2 cats are very interested in guests  I loved to stay at Artems Place. Tierra, the woman living there in the other room, was very welcoming, and gave a lot of good recommendations. The cat, Coco was very cute and I had some good company with her in the evenings. I slept very well in the bed which fills most of the bedroom, and I loved to use time in the studio relaxing and drawing. The Williamsburg area is amazing for food and bars, and it is very down to earth. It is a 5 minute walk to Bedford Avenue for shopping and cafés and life, where there is a metro to take you to Manhattan in 10 minutes. Furthermore it is a 10 minute walk to the water with a beautiful view, where you can sail with the ferry to manhattan for a few dollars. This was a good way to start the morning. Always quick response back from my e-mails, and questions I asked Tierra in the apartment. Thank you for the stay :-) If you know Williamsburg, you know this spot really is in the middle of everything, great value for the location and the neighborhood, I recommend it. Nous avons adoré notre séjour chez Artem. La chambre est conforme aux photos et nous avons même pu utiliser son bureau.  Sa colocataire est très gentille.  L’appartement est tres bien situé, à moins de 5 minutes à pied du métro.  Son chat est très gentil et affectueux !   Adresse à retenir 	0
344	The host canceled this reservation 11 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. A cozy lil place in the heart of the city, very good value and a great host!  Friendly, helpful, and charming. Gigi is the perfect hostess. Her place is located in the middle f an entire world of food choices. Just blocks from the Theater District and close to Times  Square as well. You could not ask for a better all around experience.  I stayed at Gigis apartment for a business trip with two colleagues. The apartment was a comfortable place to come back to after a long day and, while small, had everything we needed! Gigi was great about answering any questions and checked in regularly to make sure things were going well!  GiGis place was comfortable but not all that I had hoped it would be. Myself and three others rented this for a weeklong work stay. The internet went down on our only morning off to work - the host was late for check in and handed up wet towels - the place was frigid until GiGi could bring a heater. If it could go wrong - it did. Not to mention we were told there would be two twin beds in the one room but rather it was a twin and another sofa bed. Very unfortunate for the person who gets stuck on a sofa bed all week! (me!) We also went this route to allow for more cooking instead of eating out but the unit doesnt even have basic cooking utensils so it was points. Ive definitely stayed in better places for a lot less money. At least GiGi was responsive and helpful. That, and the cuteness of the place,are about the only perks. Appartement confortable, très bien placé.  Great place! So close to everything, no need for a car. Would stay here again! Gigi was awesome. Great accommodations! Great location, clean, safe area, walk to time square and theatre district- Highly recommend! 地理位置很方便,適合自助旅行者 Apart from a small miss communication at check in the apartment was amazing. Perfect location for all of the sights and Gigi allowed us to check out late since we had a flight in the evening. Would definitely stay here again.  Logement très bien situé, Gigi est très sympathique et facilement joignable! (Réponses rapide par message) Cool place in an amazing location. GiGi was very easy to work with and a great host. I would definitely stay here again.  I was very excited for my first trip to the east coast with my friends but unfortunately the room and amenities were not exactly as described on the webpage. Upon entering the apartment we noticed two trays of stale food that have been left out by previous tenants  which only lead me to believe that no one checked to see the quality of the apartment was ready to be lived in. There was only a half of roll of  toilet paper provided and after notifying host, she said okay but did not bring it. After that issue of her forgetting was raised she complained that we should buy it instead of her. Air conditioning was not provided for 2 and a half days out of a 4 night stay in 90 degree weather. She did provide a fan to stymie the heat the second night which came unassembled.  The location is great and price was very reasonable but I wish it came furnished with the things that were listed. Lappartamento è in ottima posizione ma la pulizia lasciare a desiderare cera polvere ovunque il bagno era sporco e molto piccolo, non cerano pentole per fare da mangiare. La porta dingresso non si chiudeva bene. Il letto matrimoniale aveva le lenzuola complete: copri materasso lenzuola e piumino. I letti singoli avevano solo il lenzuolo sotto e il piumino. Abbiamo dovuto chiedere degli asciugamani in più perché non erano sufficienti per 4 persone. Lannuncio diceva che una camera aveva due letti singoli ma uno era un letto singolo è laltro era un divanetto aperto adatto per un adulto alto non piú di 1,60. Eravamo due coppie e avevamo solo un mazzo di chiavi chiedi non abbiamo avuto lindipendenza che ci aspettavamo. Con pulizia piú accurata una piccola ristrutturazione su prese e impianto elettrico e la sostituzione del letto singolo troppo corto potrebbe essere un buon appartamento adeguato al prezzo. Ma così non ha rapporto qualità prezzo.  GiGis place is an excellent bargain for the space and location. She was great at communicating directions and answering any questions we had. There are lots of great dining and entertainment options close by and public transportation is close for the outings further away.  Good location This place was great! Wonderful location, comfortable for sleeping and hanging out, and GiGi was very friendly and helpful. We loved our stay! Clean cute apt, 4th floor walk-up. My 16yo thought the sheets were the softest and my 13 yo loved the karioke machine. GiGis place was a great place to stay. Convenient location to Times Square and restaurants, bars, etc. The apartment has NYC charm and is clean and comfortable. Would definitely stay again.  The apartment is great and quiet. Beds are comfortable. It was clean. It suited very well to me and my 2 children (10 and 12). Subway is at 10 minutes. Although kitchen and bathroom are tiny, the apartment has a wide living room and 2 comfortable bedrooms. I recommend this apartment. Thanks to the owner. Checking in was easy and communications with Gigi was great.  Walking distance from Times Square (4 blocks).  Nearest subway station is on 44th and 8th Aveue (A,C,E trains) or you could walk to 42nd Street for more connections. There are yellow cabs parked just outside the building should you require one.  This came in handy for us getting to JFK airport.  Having stayed in a loft apartment in Toronto a week before, I was probably expecting the same, but was a bit disappointed As there is no elevator in the building, be prepared to walk up 3 flights of stairs. We stayed there for 10 days (2 adults, 2 teenagers) and found we were on top of each other. The apartment could do with a few more added essentials.  The wifi and cable tv was great and kept the children entertained whilst in the apartment.  There is a laundromat loacted on 10th Ave, which we used.  Would suggest buying your detergent from a supermarket rather than in there. Fantastic location! Le logement de Gigi est conforme à la description. Le quartier est calme, les chambres donnent sur un jardin intérieur. A 10 mn à pied de Times Square. Parfait pour un séjour à New York ! The apartment is old,  but very clean and trendy. Good location near Times Square, and thats why the apartment has a fair price per night. Jazzy was an amazing host, always present when we needed her. We enjoyed the stay and recommend everyone to choose Gigi/Jazzy apartment. Relacion calidad precio aceptable. Lo mejor la ubicacion. lappartement est bien situé,je pense quil nest pas du tout adapté pour 5 personnes,déjà a 4 cetait limite pour bien dormir (grandeur des lits). il y a pas grand chose pour cuisiner,cest vraiment le stricte minimum niveau ustencils. le plus gros point noir reste la salle de bain,petite et peu pratique,pas très propre quand on est arrivé,les toilettes se bouchent très façilement,il y avait un gros trou au plafond du a un dégat des eaux,de leau en coulait de temps en temps (chasse deau des voisins du dessus?!?!?). le salon etait agréable avec des jeux,on a eu un peu de difficulté a contacter gigi mais ça sest bien passé pour récuperer les clés. The place was in a great location near time square. The bathroom had lots of mold in the tub, shower and floor. Great location with access to Times Square and Hells Kitchen! We enjoyed our stay! The apartment  was very clean. Communication was easy and quick. I would highlt recommend this apartment. Great spot! Gigi was helpful and kind when we arrived. The place was clean and friendly. The location was great for getting around the city only a few blocks from the subway and time square. Would recommend to anybody!! Location is great because it is walking distance to everything. Apartment is more comfortable than what it seems in the pictures. We were a family of 3 adults and a teenager. The apartment suited us well. We enjoyed our stay and the use of the apartment. The location is excellent for visiting the whole of Manhattan. The building and the neighborhood feel safe. I would say the apartment is excellent value for money considering how expensive New York is. A couple of negative points I would like to point out are the apartment needs a good clean as it is a bit dusty but not enough to be put of by. We asked for the second set of keys on 2 occasions and never got them. The bathroom needs a refurbishment. Overall we had a good experience and would recommend GiGi and Jazzy as hosts. Les lits sont inconfortables et bruyants Pas de rideaux/ volets dans les chambres donc réveil tôt  Salle de bain minuscule, beaucoup de moisi et pas entretenue  Cage descaliers très sale  Très léger en équipements ( pas de porte manteau, pas de table de nuit...) Dans les points positifs le salon est agréable, le quartier est tranquille et Gigi nous a beaucoup arrangés pour laisser nos sacs à larrivée et à notre départ tardif Was a great place to stay close to everything Ny has to offer.  its not what you pay for, weve been two days without heating and 1 without hot water  the temperatures are low and our calls do not answer  the apartment is far from the center, has no elevator and is on a fourth floor  is a gotcha!!! The location is excellent. The space is a bit small for four people and the conditions of the apartment are acceptable. A great little unit. Although we never met the host face-to-face, she made it as convenient as possible with clear messages and associated pictures to help us find our way to things. Subway at 42nd & 8 Ave was convenient. There is also an excellent diner (Galaxy) on the corner of 46th & 8 Ave that serves great breakies at reasonable price. Good way to start your day off. Will definitely return if ever I make another trip to NYC. This was a great place to stay close to Times Square.  Suited our family with 2 adult children very well Great apartment, comfortable and spacious enough for the 5 of us. The location couldnt be better, so close to major touristic attractions but in a quiet street. We had a wonderful time. The few minor issues we had were quickly assisted by GiGi. Thank you for a great New Year Comfortable, quiet space. Great neighborhood - family friendly and close to sights. Held a family of five very well.   Hosts are responsive and communicate well. Would definitely stay here again. Our family had a great time at GiGis place.  It is in the perfect location for accessing the shows on Broadway. It is a short, easy, and safe walk. There are all sorts of inexpensive food stores and restaurants nearby cross streets.  Neighborhood is quiet. Loved it. Gigi was always there to help us when we need her. For example when the shower drainage was blocked she made sure a plumber was over right away. Very close to Time Square! If you want to experience New York like a local this is the place! The location of this apartment is ideal. Walking distance to Times Square and several little shops, diners and really good restaurants. The size is acceptable considering the actual size of all the apartments located in NYC. Two rooms, one spacious living room and two ok bedrooms. Though, we were a little disappointed with the cleanliness and the state of most of the furniture in the apartment. The floors were not very clean (hair, lint and dust all over), the towels seemed and smelled like they hadn’t been washed, and the sheets were stained. While we were there only to sleep, we consider that a clean apartment was expected.  There were two beds (one full and one twin) and two futons, both of which were impossible to sleep on. They were very uncomfortable. We had to take turns every night, otherwise two of us would have had a terrible back pain.  On the other hand, we were kept waiting for a set of keys that were received only two days after being requested. One set keys for 4 people wasn’t really enough and made things complicated for us.  Hope this review helps and improvements can be made.	0
345	"Location is excellent.  Close to many trains.  Highly recommend upgrading room to at least a twin cabin if you have an original.  Also, check out website first at (Website hidden by Airbnb) Nice place to stay, clean and friendly.  More little than I was imagine.  The person at the front desk was incredibly friendly and helpful. Would definitely recommend this spot to anyone who needs a no fuss quick place to crash Great staff, very helpful & friendly. Clean rooms, ample common area to hang out. This is probably the best value youll get for the price. Thanks for everything! The place is good to stay overnight during the discovering of the city.  Very interesting place - never saw anything like this before.   Prior to boarding my flight, the host for my original booking cancelled because of some plumbing issues. And AirBnB found me this place. Great location, initially the rooms were tiny, but I was able to upgrade to a bigger room. Friendly staff, the people who are staying there are friendly too. Love the rooftop, specially at night. Reliable wi-fi and like I said, its central to everything. My only issue is, theres really no ceiling, while the air flow was good, I couldnt sleep my last night, there were 2 guys who were snoring so loud, it got worse towards the early morning, and the earplugs didnt work. But then again, it is a hostel, albeit upscale one, but a hostel nonetheless.  I was greeted in an extremely warm manner. My stay was great, the only thing that is not pictured is the size of the rooms. Essentially, they contain a bed surrounded by walls with an open ceiling. The shared bathroom was nice. Felt ferry welcomed and staff is nice! Staying at the Bowery was absolutely great because of its location. I definitely would stay there again.  It was a hostel  Awesome location for the price, clean and staff was friendly. Will be back and recommend to friends.  Best decision I made!:) The place is the best. As a solo traveller, this is the place to be. Nice interior, i love the roof top, i got lots of cool photos. the rooms are cold, some noise from other guests but its not the hotels faultz we were briefed about how to keep things down and it was perfect. What made my stay more valuable are the staff... Shout out to all of you there! Thanks for making my stay a very memorable one!:) Great location,  A lot of noise in the sleeping area. Very little space in the room.  Top It is a great place to stay if youre alone and have limited budget. I had trouble when I move in since I am not sure how the bell works but overall I really enjoy my stay there and willing to visit again in the future if I travel in New York again! I had a great experience staying at the Bowery house. Great hospitality and Id recommend staying here if you are looking for an affordable place while visiting the city. THANK YOU! The place is perfect for people who are travelling alone or who need a quick accommodation for the night. The only problem someone might have will be with the noise (earplugs are provided) which is completely dependent on whether other guests are considerate enough or not. That said, the place is clean, the location is accessible and the staff is friendly.  This place was so convenient and great for the few days I was in NYC! All of the previous reviews are accurate. Its a bit noisy, the rooms are small, and theres an open ceiling made of lattice across the tops of each room. If youre considering staying here, think of it more of a hostel than a hotel and you wont be disappointed. The service was great. I requested a room with a window which they granted. The rooftop is killer! The womens bathroom being located on a different floor than my room was a bummer, but I never had to wait for a bathroom so it was fine. Nolita is a cool neighborhood thats quick to major metro stations. Would highly recommend if youre in that in-between age (like me) where hostels with 8 people in a room arent your thing anymore, but you dont make the big bucks to splurge on a hotel.  This is definitely the best deal in NYC but it has its drawbacks.  The rooms are absolutely minimal but clean and sufficient. Theres a reason they include ear plugs - not necessarily for street noise but for the snoring from other rooms!  Id stay here again but Im also the adventurous type. Es un lugar sencillo, pero las personas que lo atienden hacen la diferencia. 100% recomendable, sobre todo si viajas solo. Good for the solo traveller! Matthew and his wonderful team are really helpful and professional. If in doubt of anything, just ask the guys at reception. Theres just too many places and things to do in this bustling city, and the bowery house is conveniently located near the subway and near little Italy. Bring along a huge tummy to do your exploration! Great bang for your buck. Staff were friendly. Cabins are cozy.  The place is great just for you to go to sleep and be alone, rooms are clean but seriously small, is all you need for a short trip!  Great staff, all are knowledgeable about the city. Friendly and respectful  Staff tres agreable. Bon rapport qualite prix. A noter que les ""chambres"" nont pas de plafond (juste un grillage) qui laisse passer tous les bruits. A noter egalement que les lits font environ 1m70 de long Good location and in walking distance to alot of things. Mnay places to eat around here.  You get what you pay for.. rooms were clean, small and cosy. Showers needed hot water. Cold waters would come on intermittently.  Staff were fabulous and really helpful with recommendations and  went above and beyond to assist me with anything i needed.  I would definitely stay here again if they got their hot water fixed and bathrooms were just a tad cleaner :) It looks like storage units repurposed into tiny rooms. Very loud. Rude guests who would not stay quiet throughout the night. The smallest noise reverberates throughout the location. A guest would not adhere to the rules. I approached the front desk twice. He spoke the the gentleman, who did not listen and continued to use his device without headphones. He would also get up throughout the night and roam the halls, slamming his door a few times per hour. Every noise echoes in this joint. Staff was helpful, but it sounded like this customer had been causing problems recently and they just kept letting him live there--which it sounded like he had been ""living"" there for two weeks. At one point I listen to a vivid argument between him and the staff member about 2 am. No sleep. Never again. I like cheap. I like different. I was just looking for a place to crash. But this was a nightmare.  Awesome for solo travelers. Clean, great position,helpful and friendly frontdesk guys. Cabin was just as advertised, check-in was quick and the staff member who checked me in was extremely friendly, as was the staff member who checked me out. The bed was absolutely on the short side, but I am only five feet tall so this didnt bother me - you may want to look into the regular twin cabins if youre on the tall side. I had no problems with people making excessive noise and found it very easy to fall asleep that night. The building itself was really cool to explore with a great location. Overall, it was a great place to rest my head during my quick solo trip, and you cant beat the price. I will definitely be back. Great place to sleep while spending the days out exploring.  Ive never felt obligated to write a negative review until this visit. Even though the staff was friendly and communicative this was the worst accommodation Ive ever had. There was puke floating in the sinks, the bathroom floors were grimy and flooded during use, the cabin floor was falling apart, the smells were awful, the noises and sleeping quarters made it impossible to sleep, and on top of everything its overpriced. I recommend staying anywhere else.  The location is great but there is absolutely no soundproof because the ceilings are open and you can hear a needle drop. The cleaning lady slams every door and cleans really loudly starting at 7am in the morning. You can hear everybodys alarm clock and people talking and playing music on their phones. If you are easily awakened by noise this would be the worst experience for you. The mens shower room had a broken knob and I almost burned myself bc of hot water. They dont provide new towels every day and ask you when you arrived when you ask for a new one at the front desk.  Position is very OK,  but its  too noisy  because rooms  have no ceiling...I  didnt sleep... Good for one night A cool, cheap nights sleep. A little cosy and the showers etc. Are very communal but I enjoyed.  Also great recommendations from the front desk! It is indeed a bit noisy but guests are trying to be quiet. Great location and good for solo travellers. The host canceled this reservation 6 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Bowery house boasts excellent service and location.   For a single, room size is going to be a bit cramped if occupant is much taller than 6 feet as that is about the length of the room and bed. Si no tienes problema con el ruido es una buena opcion. The only negative was the hallways were pitch dark I couldnt see anything as I was walking through after checking in at 10pm.  the cabins are extremely small but ok for a 1 person stay, my suit case barely fit in the cabin.    Positives: the location is great, right next door to soho a shopping centre. Great budget place to stay. Accommodated for all travelers needs. Will return here often. Pretty small room, but good atmosphere and close to nice restaurants and bars."	0
346	Susans apartment was just right for 4 people. It was clean & at a very good location. Shops are nearby and about 2 blocks to the subway. She is very attentive, quick to answer to calls & texts. Very helpful!  Susan was super communicative from day 1.  She provided us with helpful information about the area and the specifics of her apartment.  Everything was very clean, neatly organized for us, and as advertised.   We had a wonderful stay!  Susan was a wonderful host and made sure that we were comfortable. She was available and very easy to communicate with throughout our stay. The place was very clean and easily accommodated 4 people.  Herşey İyi organize edilmişti. Girişte sorun yaşamadık. Ev oldukça rahat ve sevimli ancak çok fazla bagaj götürmemenizi tavsiye ederim biraz yer dar. Onun haricinde tertemiz çarşaflar ve yepyeni havlularımız vardı. Susan her türlü sorumuza hiç sıkılmadan ivedilikle cevap verdi. Susana çok teşekkür ediyoruz.  Es war alles sehr gut organisiert.  Saubere Bettwaesche und Handtücher waren vorhanden. Für viel Gapaeck ist nicht viel Platz. Susan hat alle unsere Fragen sehr schnell  beantwortet und war sehr nett. Für meine Famile und mich war es sehr angenehm.  Auch die Umgebung ist sehr schön mit mehreren Reataurants u.  Cafes. Mit empfehlung von Susan waren wir auch in dem Deutschen Restaurant gleich in der naehe, war sehr lecker Everything at Susans is as described. The apartment is nice but the real pluses are the balcony and the terrace especially during summertime. Susan was travelling so we didnt meet her and sometimes she was not so responsive because of lack of wifi but the apartment instructions she sent are really detailed and useful. Overall a positive  experience. We stayed at Susans apartment for a full week. It was a great place to stay and was close to the 4,5 and 6. She also lives in a lovely neighborhood with plenty of great places to eat and shop near by.  We spent 3 days at Susans apartment. It was really great, the flat is really beautiful and pleasant with its two terraces ! We met Susan before we left and she is very welcoming ! Visiting NYC by staying in her apartment was a real pleasure. Excellente expérience dans ce bel appartement ! Lagencement de lappartement permet de profiter des 2 terrasses. Le quartier est idéal pour les sorties  restaurants / bars et très calme.  Nous avons rencontré Susan a notre arrivée : souriante, disponible, et accueillante elle rend le séjour encore plus chaleureux :) Susan has a wonderful home and beautiful balconies! Susan was great at making me feel welcome and giving me the information I need. Susans home is spacious enough and in a clean and extremely safe area of New York. Plenty of great nearby bars and restaurants. We had everything we needed (three girls with a lot of luggage) and plenty of space to not feel cramped. Everything was set up for us and going in and out was easy! Didnt meet Susan but she was there via text whenever needed. Would definitely stay here again! Was very disappointed with the flat! This is a wonderful place to stay in a great neighborhood.  The outdoor space and plants were really inviting.    We loved the neighborhood and Susans apt guide with restaurant recommendations was very helpful.  We chose one of her restaurant recommendations for dinner and had a great time.    We will definitely stay in Susans place on our next trip to New York (if its available).    I had a wonderful time staying at Susans apartment. The loft is beautiful, especially the balcony and greens. Susan was very nice and responded my questions quickly. I recommend people to stay here and experience the true neighborhood of NYC. My daughter and my mother and I stayed at Susans fun and funky -- and very conveniently located -- UES apartment. Was super easy to get cabs, to walk to Central Park, the Guggenheim, and the Met, and to get the 4/5/6 subway. Susan gave us some nice neighborhood recommendations. We had a great stay and would definitely go back. Super cozy place and colourful host. I stayed 2 nights in Susan s place with my mom and wife. Her recommendations was awesome. The place is full of life with two balconies and a perfect location. Would definitely stay in her place again. Had a wonderful time staying at this adorable apartment on the Upper East Side. The place looks exactly like the photographs, and was perfect for three people. The balconies were amazing to sit out on and have a glass of wine (unfortunately we only had one day of sun when we were there!) On top of it all, Susan was an amazing host--she was there to hand off the keys, answered all of our questions, and gave us some great advice about food in the area. Will definitely be looking for this apartment next time I am in NYC. Highly, highly recommend! Susans apt is well located in a nice neighbourhood with lots of stores nearby and a subway station, so you can move around easily. The apt itself was good, clean and comfortable. Susan was a very helpful host too. The host canceled this reservation 21 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. First time using Airbnb was exceptional. Susan did an excellent job at communicating with me. When I arrived the place was cleaned. Susan makes you feel at home, and I definitely recommend her. I was nervous using Airbnb for the first time in NYC, but Susan made it a positive experience. Next time Im in NYC, Ill be sure to book this place again!  Lexpérience était simplement formidable Nous étions 3 et le logement était très logeable  Susan était très accueillante et le quartier est très sécuritaire The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Susan did everything she can to make sure we had a great time at New York, and provided us an comprehensive guide on the apartment and the neighborhood. The restaurants nearby are amazing. Also, you get access to a Pokestop using the wifi, and there are a couple parks within walking distance, so you could train to be the very best. Susan was a terrific host. The keys were easy to access. The apartment was clean and as described in the listing. Great location, easy to get to by subway, cab, uber etc. Would definitely recommend staying here.  We had a very bad experience at Susans place,nobody wasn there at our arrival, we received the instructions about how to get the key (on a comerce next to the apartment one day before)  we arrived to the apartment and wasnt clean, we found towells and sheets from her last booking, dirty garbage inside, meal and dust on the floor, fryng pans with coocked meals etc..Fortunately we take some photos and Airbnb refund us the clean fee paid.  We had a lovely time. The apt was exactly what we needed and wanted. I dont remember if the host mentioned getting into the bed was a bit of a climb and that she might want to warn older people with balancing issues.  I would also suggest she might purchase a pair of sturdy folding stairs for this purpose. We, however, and we are 70 and 77, had no trouble.  Lappartement de Susan est bien situé dans un quartier calme, résidentiel et à proximité des commerces et restaurants.   Laccueil et le départ de Susan ne nous a pas convaincu puisque nous ne lavons pas vu : les clés étaient mises à disposition dans un endroit dans limmeuble que nous ne divulguerons pas mais pour les obtenir, il faut attendre que quelquun sorte de limmeuble.  La propreté est loin dêtre impeccable : poussières sur les meubles et sols/tapis, ...  Lappartement nétait pas rangé : linge sale, plan de travail,…  La salle de bain est spacieuse et agréable  La chambre : Lit en hauteur mais nous le savions car cest plus quexplicite sur les photos. Il faut bien faire attention. Dommage quil ny ait pas eu une couette ou couverture pour le nuits fraîches  Pas de place pour ranger ses affaires sur une semaine de réservation.  Lappartement reste spacieux pour un séjour en couple sur une semaine de 8 jours, vue dégagée ou tout du moins pas de vis à vis. Susan was there when we arrived, despite our plane arriving late. The place is close to restaurants and shops.  Le logement correspond bien à la description. Le quartier est calme, le premier métro est à moins de 15 min à pied. Susan a été très accueillante et disponible ! Nous recommandons cet appartement, nous avons passé un très bon séjour !  Susan is a great host. The apartment looks exactly how it is in the picture. She is very accommodating. I would love to stay at her place again next time I visit NYC  again. A pleasure to discover everything is just as stated in the listing.  Susan was prompt and courteous upon arrival and the same upon departure. Susan responed to emails immidiately and gave some great advice for local eats and entertainment.     Id love to stay again if Susans place is available upon my next big apple excursion!    I loved the balconies and split level floor plan.    Jay Bito Susan was a great host! She was very easy to get a hold of and even gave my friend and I an apartment guide that had everything from the wifi access to a few of her favorite restaurants. The balconies are super awesome although I didnt get to enjoy it as much since it was chilly around this time of year. Susan was very accommodating and I hope to stay here again the next time Im in NY. The place is near a lot of restaurants that you can walk to and overall, in a good safe neighborhood. I would recommend any friends of mine who come to NY to stay with Susan. Very well located place. Close to lots of cafés and the subway. Was quite convenient. Susan was helpful and friendly. The place does looked lived in. Some bits are slightly old and in need of repair. The bed is super high, but comfortable and there is a small staircase to get to the sleeping area. May get a little difficult if you cant climb. We were very happy and would stay here again. Only thing that bothered us was this horrible dog that barked ALL DAY long in the building over. But hey thats New York. Only really bothered us because I have kids who needed to nap.  Good place to live when travel to New York!	0
347	Priscila was very accomodating. The apartment is spacious and convenient to the subway. Overall, great stay! Priscila was very friendly and flexible with arrival/dropping of luggage. Convenient location, good amenities and good value for money.  Priscila is very easy to communicate and very accommodating! I highly recommend her place! Priscilla was accessible during our stay and responded to questions promptly. The apartment is comfortable, clean, and close to a subway stop that bring you to midtown. Recommended! Not bad Place was great Priscila was a great host, very responsive and willing to work with us on our check-in time. The location was also great, close to anything, including the best grocery store in the area, array of restaurants, subway, and Museum of the Moving Image. Everything was done well and Priscila and Therina were very helpful with making sure our stay was great! The apartment was really nice and had a stylish set up for rooms. Nice place, free park. Spot was great! Really close to Steinway st which has a ton of restaurants close by as well as a great coffee shop! (Kinship Coffee..check it out if you are in the area!). The spot is on the 3rd floor of the building so just be aware of that when taking up luggage! Love being in Astoria!  When we visited it was snowing and in that weather didnt had hot water. Floor was making lot of noise, main was tripping all the time even though only thing we were running was portable heater. Toilet flush wasnt working. Didnt even had napkins in the house. Terrible checkin arrangements, had to stay in a hotel even though I booked to stay at this place due to flight delay. This literally ruined our trip.	0
348	"The apartment was great, and the location was amazing. Very close to times square and central park is down the block. Lots of nice places to eat around the block and a little market in the corner. Very comfortable place. Host has great communication and makes sure you have everything you need. Highly recommended! Wow....what a cute apartment in the best of neighborhoods.  Im not entirely facile with the subway system but Chloes place is very close to two lines which in express or local mode, stop at 72nd street, only a few blocks from her place.  All was quiet and unfortunately we did not have time to enjoy her balcony which would be a fantastic spot to sit with friends on a warm evening for drinks.  Chloe made this experience a cinch and I would gladly return.   Très bonne communication avec Chloé qui nous a rapidement fait parvenir les clés de lappartement. Gabby, le chat, a été très sage. Nous avons en revanche été très déçus de la propreté des lieux, en particulier de la salle de bain (tapis et sol très sales) et de la cuisine (létat du frigo laissait fortement à désirer, crasseux avec de la nourriture ouverte). Des chaussettes sales trainaient dans lappartement alors quil était précisé ""meticulous clean"" dans lannonce ! What a wonderful experience. Chloe was so accommodating and logistics were impeccable. Thank you especially for the late checkout. And we loved Gabby the cat! Our experience with Chloe was fabulous.  The location of the apartment was great.  We were about a minute walk from Central Park and the Macys Thanksgiving Day Parade.  We were also about a minute walk from restaurants and stores. We felt like we were locals blending into the city soaking in all of its wonderful sights, sounds and opportunities.  The key exchange with Chloe was the easiest weve ever encountered.  The patio was an added bonus.  We werent at the apartment a lot so we didnt use it much but it was a great backdrop for pictures.  The place is spacious for a one room apartment.  We didnt feel crowded at all. the price was a good value.   I would highly recommend staying with Chloe.   "	0
349	The host canceled this reservation 95 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 12 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Pim was very nice and we had a great stay! Would stay here again Nice host, but would not stay again. The heating in the room was not working on one of the coldest days of winter, sleeping arrangements were uncomfortable, and there is a loud screeching noise in the walls, making it nearly impossible to sleep. Hopefully these issues will be fixed, the location is fine and easy check-in. Pim and Tai were very friendly and helpful at the same time as they totally respect your own space. Very easy people to share the appartment with, we could come and go as we wanted and with no stress checking out. Relaxed environment with a curious cat making sure everything was all right   thank you Pim and Tai!	0
350	Very clean and comfortable room. Excellent bed. Safe location. Friendly hosts. The room is small, as shown in the photo, but it was clean and comfortable. The bed was very comfortable and inviting. The bathroom has a shower in it and it has recently been remodeled.  Tressas room mates were very hospitable and made me feel at home. If I was to stay in that neighborhood again I would contacct her to stay there again. Enjoy your stay. I stayed at Sweet Brooklyn Share for a weekend when I visited my  son and his family in Brooklyn. The apartment was easy walking distance to my sons apartment. The room was clean and tidy.  I especially enjoyed having my own bath room. My husband and I stayed at Tressas which was within walking distance of our sons apartment.  It was extremely clean, comfortable, quiet and convenient.  Tressa answered all of our questions before we arrived then checked to make sure we were comfortable while we were there. We enjoyed our stay very much. My friend Joann stayed here and was very happy with the space and treatment - I set up the reservation, so am writing the review.  I saw the space myself and like both the location and atmosphere.    All in all, its a place I would recommend and a place Im sure my friend would like to stay at, again. Stayed there for New Years great location (safe, clean, quiet, and comfortable) easy to find and the host was great. She was prompt making this process easy for a first timer :).  she has roommates and there was one present during the stay he was friendly and helpful as well.  I would definitely stay there again. Thanks for a great  stay in NY Tressa. All as advertised - nice room, apartment, area and housemates. Heartily recommend.	1
351	Kibibi is super welcoming and made the stay comfortable. The place is well kept, and located in a great neighborhood.    Kibibi is a kind and accommodating host. It was a pleasure staying with her and she made me feel very comfortable. The room is in a great location with lots to do around.   The room is comfortable and clean. My stay with Kibibi was very pleasant, she went out of her way to make sure to answer any questions I had and was a good host overall and I would recommend her to any travelers coming to New York. The place is clean and tidy everything is fine 12 min walking to the subway safe area kibibi and her stuff are very helpful Kibibi was great; she was accessible and helpful. The room was cute, clean, and comfortable. Location was easy to find, about ten minutes walk from the subway.  Kibbi very kindly worked with me to reserve a room when my host had cancelled the morning of my reservation. She got back to me very quickly, and her hospitality was much appreciated.  My stay at Kibibis in Brooklyn was great. She showed me in and explained the rooms to me. The room was big enough, the bed cozy, there is also a kitchen equipped with everything a travelers heart desires. Thank you for hosting me although I requested very late! :) Everything was fine - listing accurate, good communication, clean, made to feel welcome etc. Perfect Location! The price is okay for what you get, although the cleanliness is something to be desired. Noisy, cold, moderately clean. Its a hostel experience but the location and shower are five star. Id recommend to backpackers here as tourists, not to anyone who needs decent sleep. Good accommodation and great location. Stay was ok. 전체적으로 저는 괜찮았어요^^ 혼자 방을 쓸수도 있구요 주방과 욕실은 공용이지만 절대 북적이고 그런거 없습니다. 사람 마주칠 일도 없을 정도에요 부르클린에 위치하고 있지만 맨하튼에서는 가까워요 하지만 동네가 좀 안젼하지는 않은것 같아욥 저녁엔 괭장히 무셔워욥 미쿡에 와 본적없고 뉴욕여행 처음이시고 요자분이시면 츄쳔을 하기가 좀 구러네욥  지하철과의 거리는 그댝 가까운편은 아니에욥 저는 개인적으로 가격대비 괜찮은 편이라고 생각해요 다음에 오게 된다면 저는 이 곳에 또 오고싶어요 ^^ 그리고  kibibi는 바로바로 연락 해주고요  정말 친절해요~ It’s a clean and decent place to stay.	0
352	The host canceled this reservation 8 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Josephine was fantastic and super accommodating! Everything was exactly as described, but more importantly, the apartment was kept super clean. Would highly recommend! Josephine was a wonderful host, and super attentive of everything during our stay. The location is excellent, close and within walking distance to everything. It is a busy area, so there is some noise at night, but its manageable and not bothersome. The place is clean and has everything youll need for your stay.  Cute and clean apartment right in the middle of Greenwich Village. Great location (<5min walk to 4 different subway stops, also near Soho), lots of restaurants and cafes around the area.  Perfect for a fun time in NYC. The host canceled this reservation 98 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Josephine communicated like a pro, I felt like I knew here even before meeting in person. The place was as promised, and in one of the best locations in the city.  Hemos disfrutado mucho de nuestra estancia en el apartamento. Josephine siempre respondió rápidamente a nuestros mensajes. La ubicación es inmejorable y perfecta para pasar unos días en New York.  Agradecemos su atención y amabilidad.	0
353	Staying at Suzannes place was wonderful!  It was a really nice apartment in a good location.  She left me some good tips for during my stay and she was very responsive when I had additional questions.  She was also very flexible with arrangements for check in and check out.  I would definitely stay here again! A great place to stay in! You have everything you need in this apartment and its in a great location to subway, buses and supermarket. The host was very helpful and have us all information required and we had great communication throughout the whole month and she was prompt at answering emails.  I would recommend this place 100%. We have a pleasant stay in the flat of Suzanne. Suzanne is nice and available, we could call her when we needed. The flat is not far from the subway. Suzanne is a great host, the flat is clean and comfy and close to the subway and all the places I needed to visit.  I would definitely want to stay again! Suzanne was great! The apartment was clean, and 5 minutes away from the subway. Shes a great host.   The apartment is very nice and clean, the building is new and very nice, the neighborhood is good. The subway is close to the building. Although i didnt meet  Suzanne, she left all the instructions very clear, and she was very nice. This was my second time in the apartment, and like the first time everything was very nice and clean. The apartment is just great. The appartement was very clean and quite. The neighbers are nice. The subway is closed and it s easier to go downtown. Suzanne is reachbable at anytime by email or phone. Shes very organized: she sent us all the informations we need before our arriving. I recommand Suzanne. Thanks you. This was our first visit to NYC and it was great! The apartment was very clean, cozy, and had everything we needed (iron, microwave, toaster, etc.) Suzanne gives very clear, easy directions and great recommendations for things to do. I was able to call and text her no problem. The apartment was not too far from the subway and bus stops. Given it was our first time to NYC, we didnt know the area well and found it to be just a little sketchy at night, but you can expect that with city living. We took the subway everywhere and had a great time, I would recommend this apartment! (Sams Famous pizza nearby was really good) Suzanne is a great host.  The apartment is very comfortable & conveniently close to subways and restaurants. Very clear instructions were provided and she even follows up with her guest to make sure everything is going good during the stay.  Suzanne provides everything u need for a comfortable stay, you can even cook a full meal. Very comfortable apartment. Would definitely stay here again if in NY. Thanks!!  Suzanne was an Excellent host!  She was extremely prompt and accommodating in responding to questions, her check-in instructions were detailed and easy to follow, and she provided lots of helpful information about restaurants and stores in the area.  Her apartment is extremely clean, comfortable, and inviting, and its in a location thats convenient for getting around the city.  I would definitely stay there again if I visit NYC in the future. Suzanne has a very easy and convenient checkin process. Her place is cozy and was ideal for a quick weekend in and out of NY. Bed was comfortable and her living room had great TV and surround sound. The shower was nice. Suzanne responded immediately to all my messages and her recommendations for surrounding activities was helpful.  Wir hatten eine super Woche in New York in Suzannes Wohnung. Das Appartement war sehr sauber und alles sah exakt so aus wie auf den Bildern und in der Beschreibung. Die U-Bahn Anbindung war auch klasse (etwa 7min zur nächsten Station laufen und dann fährt man ca 10min bis zur Grand Central Station). Supermärkte sind auch direkt in der nächsten Straße. Die Schlüsselübergabe war ebenfalls sehr einfach gestaltet und Suzanne hat auf meine Mails immer direkt geantwortet. Nachts scheint die Umgebung nicht die sicherste zu sein, aber solange man nicht als Frau alleine unterwegs ist, ist das auf jeden Fall kein Problem. Rundum hatten wir einen wundervollen und komplett stressfreien Aufenthalt. Vielen vielen Dank an die tolle Gastgeberin! Suzannes place is better in person than in pictures. The building itself is the nicest on the block with plenty of parking around. Once you enter, you definitely feel at home and are comfortable as the place is very clean and inviting. It is deceivingly spacious which was a nice surprise. Getting around the area is also easy, with plenty of food options in case you get hungry (even at 2am!) I would definitely recommend staying here as I will probably do so again myself.  Great valué for money, east Harlem is clase to subway station 6 thant runa up and down Manhattan, The appartment was very clean!  Thank you! For the hospitality! The apartment corresponds to the description. Everything is clean.safe. I can recommend as a beautiful option! Everything about this rental was as promised or better! Suzanne was prompt and thorough with her communication and all the instructions were acurate. The flat itself was beautiful and comfortable. Great big windows and a cozy bed. The neighborhood was not glamorous, but I never felt unsafe, even walking back after midnight. The 6 train is a five minute walk away  so all we needed was a Merto card and the island was ours! There is even a Target/Costco shopping center 2 blocks over. I would definitely recommend this listing and thanks to Suzanne for a wonderful weekend. Suzannes place was amazing! Super close to the metro, very comfortable and clean. Suzanne was such an amazing host even though I didnt have the chance to meet her. She was very accommodating with check-in hours and the guide she sent me on her welcome e-mail was so useful! Would definitely stay again! :) The host canceled this reservation 16 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Suzanne  was a wonderful host and extremely helpful and nice. Everything was organized and as described.  the apartment was clean and convenient to public transportation and supermarket. I spent 5 nights at Suzanne’s apartment and it was very comfortable and made our stay in NY wonderful. I will definitely choose to stay at Suzanne’s place again  Great apartment in a decent location! We booked it last minute and it was absolutely perfect. Easy contact and instructions, not far from the metro. Cant say the area is amazing but its close to so many good things. Never felt unsafe but I would just advise pretty general caution, as anyone should in a big city. But it was great! Although we did not personally meet Suzanne, she provided very through communication, including a welcome packet that included everything we needed to know for our stay at her place. The quaint apartment offered all of the necessary amenities. Spanish Harlem is rich with culture. If you happen to stay, make sure to visit the latin bakery on 116th Street between 3rd Ave and Lexington. The 6 train (east side green line) is approximately 5 blocks away, and provides convenient transportation directly or connecting to just about anywhere in Manhattan and beyond. As well, a few blocks away on 116th, theres an m116 bus that takes you conveniently to the west side. Lastly, if you really want a bargin and youre flying into LGA, theres a bus (I believe the M60 SBS) that goes directly to that part of town. The only trick is that (at least my experience) you need to find a way to prepurcase a Metro Card before you get there since the machin wasnt not working. Im not sure if the MTA does that online, but a weekly pass is about $32 and gets you just about anywhere conveniently around the city. Thats a great bargain.  There are also plenty of grocery stores, bodegas, pharmacies, and even a 7-Eleven within a few blocks from her place. Most stay open fairly late. If you want a car service, I called El Barrios taxi and they were right on time- just in case you need to get somewhere, including back to the airport. Thanks Suzanne. I would visit again.  The appartment was great. Comfortable, spacious, clean... One of the best b&b where I ever have stay.  Suzanne place was absolutely amazing. I felt like it a was a home away from home for me. It was very clean and she sent very clear instructions with how to access things.  Her home is amazing and  she is great with communication. She responded to me with in minutes. I look forward to booking with her in the future again.  This was my second time using Suzanne and just like the first time it was amazing. Her always responds within minutes and every you need is available. Her home is beautiful and very cozy. Its great to have that peace of mind and just relax away from the world. She is the only person I believe I will use on Air BNB. Another 5 star rating. ❤❤ Suzannes place was awesome very comfortable and quiet you wont regreat it  Suzannes places is reaally like she describes it. Comfy, cozy and with a good vibe. We tried to be very respectful with her things. The Neighborhood is safe and close to many restaurants and subway but in the night we can heard a fight between a couple and yells at the street but come on... Is New York! I really enjoy my trip in Suzannes home.  Weve enjoyed our stay. Your place was very clean and comfortable! Thanks for everything! Suzannes apartment was great for our days in New York. It was clean and cozy and offered enough space for two people. The location in East Harlem was good for getting to Lower Manhattan by public transport very easily. Because hotel and airbnb prices are very high in this area, Suzannes apartment is a great and affordable alternative.  The apartment great. Everything we needed for a few nights in the city. Clean and comfortable and easy to find. Communication was great. Even late at night when I thought I had lost the key and was trying to figure what to do, she was very hands on with trying to help us. Would definitely recommend this spot for anyone looking a quiet lowkey place to stay in Manhattan. Thank you again, -Maurice Recently stayed at Suzanne’s place. In advanced she send me information about the arrival, the procedure for checking into the apartment, everything very clear and efficient. I stayed 4 nights and i was very pleased. Nice location at East Harlem, easy to move around. Thank you again! I came into town for an interview and had to book Suzannes place last minute. She was super accommodating and helpful. Her place is located in a quiet street and there wasnt much street noise overnight. The check in process was easy and instructions she left about her place were very easy to follow. It felt very much like living in someone elses place but still very comfortable and inviting. Would definitely stay here again. Clean and cozy apartment. Instructions and tips were given well before time. It was a great experience to stay in. Very well equipped, very clean and calm, close to subway. Suzanne provided all instructions well ahead of our arrival and was available during our stay. Her welcome book includes some tips for local restaurants. Would stay there again and recommend to others, too.	1
354	"the apt was small but that was to be expected, however the headline advertising seems a bit misleading as while the apt has been or in the process of renovation i would not call it new ,i may be wrong but i assumed that that meant a new building,  there was no cable and that was not told to me no wifi which i again thought it being new that would be standard accommodation. air conditioning in bedroom was good but no remote to control the air , i had to climb the pipe beside the wall to reach the manual controls, the rest of the apt stays pretty hot as the tiny window unit installed to cool the remainder of the apt is not adequate, kitchen was great pots and everything except plates to eat off of We stayed in the apartement for 4 nights. The apartement was very nice and clean, and recently redone. The location was great. The host was very helpful and showed himself always available whenever we needed something. We enjoed the very much Appartment corresponded to description and images, has very good location, communication with owner was OK. I substracted one star since the appt is located on the basement and the street is a little bit noisy (but you will adapt in one or two days :-)). The apartment is nice and clean, even is front the street is not noisy.  I stayed with children so I needed to cook stimes, he arrange me a pan, even he suggest not to cook in the apartment. Never meet Lion, but the manager was always near, checking everything is ok.   Towels, blanquet and everything clean, comfortable bed..good location, all what we need.   This was my first time using this service.  The confirmation was timely, apartment had a great location and owner was amazingly helpful.    Will definiately stay here again!   We stayed in the apartement for 13 nights. The location is good and the apartment is very nice and clean. The host was not Lior, but the guy that he recomended (the manager of the building) was always very helpful and showed himself always available whenever we needed something. We enjoyed very much and recomend! The reservation was canceled 43 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. We were in NYC for ten days and this was the first time I have used airbnb.  Overall, the experience was a positive one. The neighborhood seemed a little bleak at first but its a convenient location for getting to all landmarks and transport.nwe discovered a number of nice restaurants, eateries, tic in the neighborhood.    The apartment was comfortable for the two of us.its well equipped with a mic tv, cable/wifi, kitchen stuff. It was actually nicer than I expected. Plenty of towels and a spare set of sheets. We never actually met Lior but he was pretty good at responding when I asked him for stuff.  The building manager, Nissim, was helpful and showed us in/checked us out.     The only drawback is that it is a fairly noisy street. With traffic, construction work, the garbage can outside, passers by, I dont think we got an uninterrupted nights sleep.  However, this didnt ruin the experience for us - just something to be aware of.    Overall, Id recommend the place if you are in an extended trip  Great place to stay when visiting NYC! The appartment is extremely well located, clean and really nice. Its small but really comfortable for 1 or 2 people. We couldnt met Lior. The apartment is great! One of the guests Neil was very helpful. His father was kind of rude.   Great experience in a great place. We would come again for sure.  We´ve (4 people) stayed for the period from March 29th and april 7th.  The apt is exactly what shown in the photos. Very well located, Near of many point of interest of NYC. Lior answer prompty all of our questions, and Nissim was very helpfull. This place is ideal for 2 people, or 2 people and child. For 4 adults is a litle bit small, but we can handled because we got back to the apt only late night. Definetly a good choise. Mauricio  La estancia en el departamento fue muy buena, tuvimos un problema con Lior para encontrarnos y que nos de las llaves asique recomiendo tener bien los datos del timbre antes de llegar, Lior no nos atendio el celular a nuestra llegada y por eso tuvimos que ir al departamento un dia despues. Cuando llegamos al departamento nos atendio Nisim con muy buena onda y a partir de ahi la estadia fue muy buena, el departamento esta en muy buenas condiciones, muy comodo, se duerme bien, esta muy bien ubicado y Nisim siempre nos atendio de mil maravillas, salvo ese problema que tuvimos a nuestra llegada el resto estuvo 10 puntos. Perfect place! Thanks to  the host for helping  us with the internet conection! He is very gentle!  Lior was easy to communicate with, and check-in ran smoothly (albeit we were met by another person at Liors instruction). Additionally, we were able to check out at 4am for our flight by simply deadlocking the door as we left. The apartment was clean & as described with near new electronics, finishings, and ample kitchenware. Both the TV & WIFI service were good, whilst the shower was good size with sustained hot water. The location on 39th Street & 9th Avenue in Midtown provided easy access to Times Square & the Theatres. Whilst the Port Authority Bus/Subway Station was 5 mins walk away. Additionally 9th Avenue walking Uptown had a good selection of cafes/restaurants. The downside to the apartment is its location on the street level. The noise of the city does enter the room throughout the night which we had difficulty sleeping through. And because the bedroom faces the street, with a closed and steel barred window - this could add a feeling of discomfort to some travellers. Overall a decent value for money option, with the real downside being the ground floor location. The reservation was canceled 10 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Apartment was as described. Location was great and our host was more than friendly. Would highly recommend this apartment to anyone looking to stay in Midtown West. The apartment was not the one listed here. Very similar, but definitely not the same space.     Lior was ok to work with short messages.     Cons: The host who greeted was not very friendly or just welcoming in general and changed my check out time on the fly and then came to check me out even earlier than wed discussed when I checked in.     The apartment wasnt set up with any amenities to clean dishes or soap for even the bathroom, which another reviewer mentioned about another listing from Lior. The Wifi didnt work and attempts to contact the owner werent successful in getting it hooked up.     Pros: Decent location. It felt safe and was close to a small grocery and bars/restaurants. Close to port authority too.     AC!!!    The room I stayed in, if its the same one you stay in was on the first floor, so thats a plus!  Apartamento muy bien situado a 5 minutos de Times Square, para una pareja o pareja con un hijo. El edificio es antiguo y sin ascensor, pero al ser un bajo no importa. Recien arreglado y con aire acondicionado. Debido a ser un bajo, si eres sensible al ruido para dormir, puede ser un poco molesto, nada que no pueda solucionarse con unos tapones.  Lo recomiendo para visitar Ny. De Lior no puedo hablar, debido a que no le conoci, pero Nisim nos atendio perfectamente y siempre fue puntual. Great appartment! Everything is as seen in the pictures, very clean, definitely I would advice anyone to stay here!   The address is not exactly the address in the announcement, Ive sent some things to the appartment before my arrival and of course I did not get them, so I would strongly advice to change it.  We never saw Lior, but Nissim was there when we arrived & when we left to handle the keys. A little bit noisy at nights (the appt is in the 1st floor and the bedroom window faces to the street).   The apartment was in a good location, 5 mins to Time Square. There were a bedroom and a living room, everything was clean and new.  We had a great stay at Liors apartment! It is only a 10 minute walk from time square, which is ideal when youre visiting NYC. The apartment itself was clean and everything was alright, only there was a lot of street noise at night, but that was to be expected when staying in the city center of NY.   Nissim, who hosted us during our stay, was very friendly and showed us around in the apartment during our first night. We could Always contact him when we had a question.  Because we stayed in the apartment with 4 of us, a small disadvantage was the sleep sofa that was a bit narrow. But Lior already informed me he would look into buying a larger one.  I can recommend this apartment to everyone who wants to have a pleasant stay in NYC!      We stayed in Liors apartment for a week in October. We wanted to experience the real feel of living in NYC. Overall it is a clean, modern and well located apartment with generally great facilities. A downside was the minimal kitchen/cookware items - we had planned to cook during our stay and the bare cupboards made this very difficult, there were literally no utensils and minimal things to cook with. The hallway off which the apartment is located is not very soundproof so we heard other people coming and going all through the night but with ear plugs this was mostly reduced. Overall Id recommend the apartment but not if you plan to cook! We stayed at Liors apartment two weeks ago.. As he told us, We dalle Nissim, a friend of his, and he came immediatly. He showed us the flat, which is exactly as described. Everything was clean and tidy. Nissim and Lior have been really kind when we asked to leave later, since they let us to lay down our lugguage a bit more. Probably its just a little noisy in the early morning, but..no problems!! We were so tired at nights that we didnt pay attention to it!  Whenever well be so lucky to come back to NCY, we will contact Lior for sure!! Great position and very kind people taking care of us during the journey.    Id suggest this appartment to anyone who wants to live nyc during day and night like we did and appreciated very much!! The apartment is very centrally located: in close proximity to most of the touristy attractions in Manhattan and to a wide range of good restaurants. The apartment is also cozy and well furnished. Large bathroom and well-equipped kitchen. The only downside is the fact that, facing the front of the building, the bedroom is exposed to all the noise coming from street markets, traffic and a couple of bars. Earplugs are necessary and sometimes not enough.  Good communication with the host and good assistance in the apartment provided when needed. I recommend that you strongly consider staying somewhere else. This was the noisiest place that I have ever stayed through ARBnB.  If you ‘ (Hidden by Airbnb) ’ 406 W 39 Street  and to the street view you will see buses from the Port Authority parked in the front and on the side of the building that houses the unit which is a first floor unit with the bedroom facing the sidewalk and sharing the outside wall next to the parking lot. The Port Authority uses 39th Street and the parking lot next to the building as the staging area for its buses meaning that from 6 a.m. to 11 a.m. and then again from 4 p.m. to 10 p.m. you have the constant beeping noise made when buses back up and the constant running and gunning of engines. I was so angry that I recorded the sound in the unit to post it on You-tube but decided that was excessive.   On the other side of the building a new high rise is being built for which the construction debris is picked up every morning between 3:30 and 4:30 a.m. and add to that the drunks coming out of the club across the street at 2 a.m. yelling and screaming at each other and you are not getting any sleep. We contacted Lior and complained and were told all of the other units were rented but he would “see what he could do”.  Not that I expected him to be able to do anything but he said he would see what he could do and we never heard back from him. I wish someone had been more candid about this location or that we had done a (Hidden by Airbnb) search and put 2 and 2 together. Were it not for the fact that we love New York, this place would have ruined out trip. And this is not mention the electric outlets with no cover plates and multiple plugs overloading outlets; the homeless food kitchen that is two blocks away and feeds the many mostly men who beg on the streets all day and us the bus parking lot next door for a toilet at night; the only one light working in the bedroom and that half of the ceiling lights in the living room/kitchen were out and we used the stove light for lighting; the cockroaches that arrived any time we were out of the room. This does not appear to be the rental of someones home as the kitchen is not supplied for use and doesnt even have a can or bottle opener.  There is a reason that this unit is inexpensive, and my recommendation is seriously to try someplace else……any place else…..really. Just (Hidden by Airbnb) it..... Good Location, could not be more central, with Times Sq a 5 min walk away and Port Auth practically next door.    Pros:   Apartment was well equiped and had everthying that i needed for my stay. TV, Internet where all available. The place was clean  and the care-taker (Nissim) was very helpful to my requests. Hells Kitchen (bars, restaurants, shops etc) is on the doorstep and all the major subway lines are minutes away.    Cons:   NOISY, the apartment is ground floor with the bedroom on the street so it is very noisy most of the time (day & night) as there is a night club accross the street. The TV cable was intermittent and I had to call Nissim a few times to get it fixed when I was out. The apartment does not have heating as such but electrical heaters were provided. Some electrical sockets were looses/faulty so had to be avoided. No door between bedroom and living room so if more than 1 couple are staying then there is no privacy. No hanging space apart from utility cupboard with cleaning supplies in it.    Summary:   If the price is right then this place is fine for a single or 1 couple. If you are wanting the proper NYC hussle and bussle experience of Manhattan then you can get it here. It is 24/7 but the apartment is private enough to relax. Main drawback is the night noise from people and traffic passing by the bedroom window.  Would recommend it for a short stay but nothing extended, I stayed for 4 weeks and was ready to leave for somewhere quieter.  The location is the main attraction  The host made me feel really welcome even though my booking was very short notice. When I got to the apartment everything was absolutely as it appeared in the photos. It was my first time using airbnb and it was a great experience.    This apartment is centrally located, really close to public transport, the bed is really comfortable and if youre in town on an extended stay has all the amenities you need to just sit back and relax. Its close to stores, times square and loads of bars and restaurants. The neighbourhood is quiet but there are enough people around to make you feel safe when you come home late at night. I stayed in the apartment on my own but there was easily enough room for a few people.  I was sad to leave and would 100% book this apartment next time I come to Manhattan. The appartment was nice, cozy and clean. Slept three with no problems. Location was excellent. The heater did make some noise, but we got used to it. We slept fine. Nissim was there when we arrived and made sure we had everything that was needed.  The reservation was canceled 21 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. I stayed 2.5 months. I would not recommend. Essentially, this is a tiny, noisy place. WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW:  1. The place is on the first floor. Prepare to have a lot of noise of people coming in and out of the building and traffic outside 2. Apartment is right next to a BUS parking lot. LOTS of noise from buses an engines the entire time.  3. There ALWAYS seems to be some kind of maintenance going on in the building. Workers screaming in the hallway, sound of drilling, etc.  4. Given building maintenance, I had to have workers in the apartment many times as they were doing maintenance routines.  5. Theres a flea market happening during the weekends right next to apartment. Very noisy.  6. Apartment IS TINY. It is basically a hallway. Photos dont do justice to how tiny the apartment is.  7. I found the information in the description to be inaccurate. ""HUGE CLOSETS"" really just means a tiny space to put some things, and the other closet is occupied by cleaning items. There is virtually no closet space. 8. There are several apartments in this building, so the one you see in the photos might not be the one you actually stay in. That happened with me, I got a different unit from the one I had seen online.  9. The area itself looks quite depressing, and theres tons of trash bags outside in the street every week.  10. Bed is very soft. It gave me back pains and problems.  10. Location IS ideal. Right next to port authority bus terminal, meaning you have access to pretty much all subways just one block away.  11. Lior and Nissim are very nice people, didnt have an issue at all dealing with them and response was very quick. Unfortunately the apartment is just extremely overpriced for what you are getting. I felt ripped off and was counting the days to get out.  The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting."	0
355	The apartment was absolutely wonderful and Victoria was really helpful and easy to get in touch with! Victoria is a great host. She made sure I enjoyed my stay. Victorias apartment was lovely and I would highly recommend her and the space. I was in New York for work and the location was perfect: conveniently situated close to the Fulton Transit Center for an easy commute, and with several food places nearby. The space itself was even nicer than the pictures made out: bigger and airier, and very clean. The air conditioning was also a lifesaver in the humid NYC summer.  Victoria went out of her way to make me feel at home. From before my arrival through to checkout she was very responsive to any requests, for instance when I needed an iron to press shirts one was provided within an hour! Likewise an early morning checkout was no problem. My whole experience was faultless and I would definitely stay here again. Victoria was an incredible host - shes always there if you need her and gets back to you fairly quickly. The apartment is exactly as advertised in the photos - very open space and clean. Its close to all the downtown landmarks. I highly recommend this place if youre gonna be spending a lot of time in lower manhattan!! 10/10 Victorias place was just as imagined, some miscommunication in the start but she was very attentive to our needs. Also very close to public transportation. The apartment is simple, modern, and beautiful with sunlight streaming in.   Location is in a part of Civic/Center fidi close to all major trains.  Victoria is a kind and responsive young person who does a great job with her guests. Victorias space is very tasteful, super close to the subway and many shops and restaurants. The space is also equipped with everything we needed. She, and her mother Aleksandra, made sure we felt confortable and we could not have had a better experience. My wife specially liked having a big bathroom with two sinks. Both Victoria and Aleksandra were easy to reach at all times on phone and were always so helpful. I most definitely recommend their space. Victorias place is super clean and spacious. The building is nicely kept and the location is very convenient for access to subway and major attractions.  The air conditioning was great in the unexpected September heat wave.  We enjoyed our stay and didnt run into any problems. Space exactly as described and pictured. Very short walk to major subway station. Never took us more than 15 minutes to get to attractions even over to Brooklyn or way uptown. Responsive hosts. A+ Victoria was very open to requests and in constant communication Nos sorprendió gratamente. Es mucho mas estiloso que en las fotos y muy limpio. La ubicación nos pareció muy buena: en el centro del distrito financiero y cerca del puente de brooklyn. El metro está a muy poca distancia y las conexiones muy buenas. Sin duda repetiriamos. The apartment was spacious, comfortable, and centrally located to all subways and great sightseeing. This studio is a dream in every way. There is a subway station right around the corner that can get you to any area of the city with ease. The windows open beautifully to let in plenty of sunlight and breeze. I couldnt have asked for a better stay. Victoria made sure we had everything we needed. This is the room you are looking for. Apartment  is perfectly located access to a lot of fantastic restaurants and sightseeing sites. Victoria was easy to communicate with and accommodated all of my needs. Victorias place was a exactly as advertised and a good value. She communicated well and was very friendly and accomodating. I  definitely will stay again if I get the opportunity. Victoria was such a great host. She was very lenient with check in and check out times.   Her studio was extremely clean and stylish. It had everything that we needed, mini refrigerator, microwave, stove, etc. She had complimentary snacks and cute postcards to keep. The feather bed cover was the best! The location was great, in the middle of everything (Financial District). There is a CVS right across the street, super convenient.   I overall enjoyed staying at her place. I stayed for two nights at Victoria’s apt. It was perfect as it was close to where I was working and it is surrounded by plenty of restaurants. It was just as described and actually very quiet. I would definitely stay again. Communication was great and the apartment was very clean ! Victorias apartment is great. Everything was clean and comfortable. Plus, the location is pretty good. In addition, Victoria was very helpful all the time. Thanks!	1
356	"The area where this place is actually better than I expected! The neighbourhood is very nice and quiet and the subway is only 7 mins walking away. The house is very lovely and warm, Carol let me use the kitchen and she gave me a key to go and come as pleased. The room itself is very cozy and warm, the bed was very comfortable and I had storage space (wardrobe, cabinets etc). Everything was very clean, even the toilet. It takes exactly 58 mins to go from the subway station to Manhattan but the time passes quickly and trains are always running. Carol is a very nice host and she was very responsive and did everything in her power to provide me with a smooth arrival as possible. I loved my time here and I would definitely come stay again, thanks Carol!  Comfortable stay at a great price. Carol is very nice and the home is in a good neighborhood with easy access to public transportation.  Carol is a warm, welcoming host with a cozy home in the lovely Pelham Bay neighborhood in The Bronx. My room was clean, quiet, and comfortable and the location is conveniently situated near the 6 train. The amenities were great, especially for the price. I very much enjoyed my stay! I stayed here for a few days and here are some pros and cons.   PROS:  Quiet, safe neighborhood.  Supermarkets very nearby.  The train station to get to the city was about a 5 minute walk (the number 6 train).  The room was nicely designed and very clean. Very clean apartment.   CONS: The host had a bit of an attitude. I was  originally planning to extend my stay for a few days but decided not to because of the hosts attitude.   In the house rules, I suggest the host writes that the stove is not to be used by guests. It is misleading on the listing. When I was frying up some mushrooms, the host seemed annoyed at me for using the stove and said the kitchen is really for the microwave to be used.   I felt very unwelcomed throughout my stay here. She asked me a few minutes after I came in on the first day ""what time are you leaving on April 5th?"" (I arrived on  April 1st) I made it clear to her the second day what time I would leave (the early  afternoon) . And each day she spoke to me about leaving and the whole time I was there she spoke to me in an annoyed way.   The listing says ""laundry"". I booked this room specifically because laundry was in the house. She seemed annoyed when I asked to  use the laundry machine and mumbled ""this is why I hate having people use my laundry machine"".   Also, I suggest that the host also writes under house rules that eating in the kitchen is not allowed after 9pm because that is what she told me the second night of my stay and I was not expecting that. Hardly any room in the fridge, the fridge was almost  jam packed with her food.   Overall, I recommend this place if you need a comfortable bed to sleep in and to stay in a safe neighborhood. Really kind As first timer, this was a sweet stay. It might took 50 minutes plus to get into Manhattan, but all in all, the place was nice and clean and I am very happy with Carol as my host. Thank you and hopr to see you again sometime.   Ake Fantastic host, great location, comfortable rooms. Great Italian bakery in the neighborhood! Subway and bus access close by.  The host canceled this reservation 44 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Carol is a wonderful host! The room & her home are beautiful! Highly recommend An amazing place. Carol is a fantastic (if fiesty) landlord. If I could, I would give her a hundred stars. Dont look anywhere else, this is the place for you. Best wishes Carol. -Matt"	1
357	Appartement très bien situé et très propre, point de départ idéale pour la visite de New York puisque situé a seulement 15 minute a pied de time square et des plus grandes lignes de Metro.  Présente juste le matin lord du petit déjeuné, Vero est vraiment très accueillante et sympathique.  Elle connait très bien sa ville et saura vous conseiller si besoin.  Et le fait quelle parle français est un vrai plus pour les francophones qui ont un anglais approximatif comme nous.  Merci encore Véro pour cette agréable séjour. Had a great stay at Veroniques. Shes easy to communicate with & very helpful. Her apartment is roomy & comfortable, view is amazing. Neighborhood is very cool & I felt safe walking around at night :) would stay here again Merci Véronique pour votre logement, proche de hell,s kitchen nous avons passé une semaine vraiment très sympathique. Un appartement vraiment fonctionnel avec une belle cuisine équipée et des lits fonctionnels. Possibilité de faire sa lessive dans limmeuble très appréciable et un bon wifi accessible. La vue de lappartement est vraiment impressionnante. Merci à Vero pour la communication avant/pendant/après elle est très accessible et répond à toutes les questions. Nous avons occupés ce lieu en famille avec un enfant de 2 ans et demi et cela était appréciable. Le quartier est vraiment sympa avec des restaurants de partout et un accès à Time Square en 10-15 min à pieds. Merci encore pour ce partage vraiment ravis. Overall this was a great experience. Initially upon arrival the address was incorrect and the host was not responsive which lead to us talking to the cleaning lady who did not speak English. We stood outside for about an hour. Luckily everyone was willing to work together to resolve and we were very pleased with the apartment. Very spacious, great location, and very clean. Would definitely recommend this to anyone visiting NYC. Thanks for hosting! My family and I had the most amazing time in New York staying in Veros fantastic apartment. Everything was exactly as described on the website. The apartment was a 10 minute walk from time square and close to all amenities one would wish for. The metro is a five minute walk from the apartment and if we needed an escape from the hussle and bussle of time square there was a number of great restaurants nearby. Vero was accessible for any questions we had throughout our stay and the apartment itself was amazing. Especially the balcony. Thank you for everything Vero, I would 100% return to this apartment if I return to New York again.  Super séjour, très bon accueil, très bon contact. Lappartement et idéalement placé et très propre. Je recommande fortement!	1
358	Shirleys loft is very close to the subway and a great line into Manhattan. The neighbourhood is super cool with vintage shops and places to eat. Shirley was really good at communicating but the flat was very noisey. If you can handle that, its a great spot to stay in. A cozy room close to the subway in a really cool neighborhood. Shirleys place was perfect for a weekend in the city. Great location, wonderful space - will definitely stay again if I get the chance. Shirleys place is really cool. Comfortable bed, nice living room. The place is ideally located in vibrant Brooklyn, very convenient and 2mn from the L line. Check in and check out were super easy. Would definitly come back there on another trip to NY. The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. My friend and I stayed with Shirley during the New Years weekend. It can be a noisy time of the season indeed, which may have affected the noise in the housing, but it should, however, not affected how the paying customer is being treated by the host. I find that we didn’t receive the respect that we, as a paying customer, ought to have received, and therefore, I WILL NOT recommend this place to anyone coming to New York.   The place was nicely located in a cool area of Brooklyn, close to the subway that takes you directly to midtown Manhattan. The area was lively with nice restaurants and bars with several convenience stores close by. The apartment was nice and clean, although quite small, while the roof in the room is very low and will be a problem if you are taller than 5 ft.  However, the people who were living in the apartment were not super friendly (sometimes even rude) and there were way more people than the two roommates that Shirley had mentioned in the ad. At one point, there was a random couple sleeping on the sofa, loudly watching TV all through the night into the early morning smoking weed outside of our doors. Also, because there was no lock on the door, the number of people also made us very uncomfortable as we didn’t know whether or not our stuff would be safe. The fact that the guests would watch TV would also be uncomfortable as it would wake us up and keep from sleeping.  Upon the arrival, we got almost no instructions of the do’s and dont’s of the apartment, we also did not know what we could use and not use. This made us feel like we had very little liberties, and that nothing that was originally promised in the ad really didn’t apply anymore (i.e. access to common room and kitchen). Since we didn’t know the do’s and dont’s, an accident occurred where the apartment dog dug through the toilet trash. Although we understood the problem, we found the attitude of the host and her friends unacceptably rude, as we overheard them badmouthing us because of this situation. The noisy environment together along with this rude treatment made us feel so uncomfortable that we decided to leave one day earlier than originally planned and had to spend money on a hotel. I would not come back to this place, nor would I recommend it to anyone who wants an average to the high standard of living on their New York trip.	0
359	Excellent apartment and location. Thank you Sid for an unforgettable experience in your beautiful home. The best Airbnb stay I’ve had yet. The view of the water was amazing!! My son loved watching the boats. The apartment was very spacious and filled with fantastic furniture especially the cool coffee maker and memory foam beds!! Loved the marble bathrooms as well. So much class. I cannot say enough nice things about our stay here! We had a blast in the UWS neighborhood and felt so happy to come back to a luxurious yet comfortable home. Sids wife was so nice when checking us in and gave us great tips for local eats. Wished we could stay longer in this wonderful place, but we are definitely coming back!! Great experience Very well decorated and spacious place in a nice area. Not too far from Hell’s Kitchen, which was nice. Location provides proximity to nightlife without being too hectic as soon as you walk out the door. Thanks folks! Pros-Upper West Side neighborhood is a safe and clean location. Central Park in walking distance and small grocery store and coffee shop within minutes.  Gas stove and blender is a plus. Spacious home with large windows looking across the Hudson River. Upper observation deck and doormen.  Cons- Host lives in unit and I believe quickly leaves when unit is reserved. Closets filled with there stuff which leaves no room for guest to place personal items of there own. Suitcases and shopping bags etc had to go on the floor,chairs, couches and with 5 people it can start to feel unorganized quickly. Mildew in glass shower/dust and soap scum on shelves and a good wipe down of both bathrooms is needed. 2 live cockroaches were found and killed in the kitchen by the gas stove on counter. Refrigerator is filled with hosts stuff and needs to be cleaned. Guest bedroom window is being used as a whiteboard. We wanted to love this unit but we felt the hosts needs to start thinking more of what the customer needs and wants are rather than what is convenient for them. This a great place to have as a base to explore Manhattan. Shivani was incredibly responsive and the apartment is clean and spacious. There is a great coffee shop downstairs. Comfortable for four people.	0
360	I enjoyed the stay at Chavitas apartment. It is perfect for a solo traveler or couple. The bed is amazing. The neighborhood has a lot of great food and is a 10 min walk from Central Park and very close to many forms of public transportation. Genial, todo genial. Ningun problema, a 30 min del centro, con un montón de sitios buenos para comer cerca. 100% recomendable!  Chavita is really a great host - the place is a very interesting neighborhood , not far from Harlem but not far from the main attraction as well in Manhattan - harlem /Spanish Harlem was the highlight of my stay in NY - CHavita was very helpful and very accommodating - will definetely recommend this place to solo travellers and friends .  观景台很美,但就是晚上睡觉会有一点吵。家居用品和装修稍显陈旧。但房主人超级好,推荐了很多有意思的地方。 My family and I enjoyed our stay in Chavitas apartment. Its 10/15 minutes walk from Central Park and two of the main subway lines, there is a grocery store at the bottom of the building. The area is not especially loud and the neighbours are very friendly. Even if the place could have been a bit cleaner, more furnished with more cutlery and clean kitchen tools, we recommend this place. The host canceled this reservation 35 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	0
361	"Access to Manhattan is a very good place, the cityscape was also a very beautiful place. The room was also very beautiful and responded quickly to the questions and requests here. I am very satisfied. Great neighborhood, good location.Linda is very helpful and accessible.The place is very clean and spacious. Spacious room we stayed in. Very good location, 4 min walk to subway and many great places to drink and eat just around the corner. Linda was a great host. She gave us tips to find our way around the neighbourhood. The place was clean and next to the subway (less than 10 minutes by walk, with a starbuck on the way ;) ) Linda is amazing, really nice, she takes care of you during your stay. We enjoyed a lot our holidays ! Fue nuestra primera vez en NY y el apartamento cumplió con nuestras expectativas. Tiene todo lo que se indica en el anuncio, esta ubicado en un vecindario tranquilo y a sólo 3 cuadras del subte con el que llegas a cualquier parte de Manhattan. Linda fue una muy buena anfitriona, estuvo pendiente de nuestra llegada y siempre respondio enseguida a nuestras consultas. Lo recomendamos! Safe building & neighborhood. Access to public transport. Comfortable for exploring Crown Heights and other parts of Brooklyn. Host answers questions quickly and effectively. Thanks Linda!  Linda has a lovely place just a few minutes from the subway station. Very friendly and quiet neighborhood.  Linda est une personne sympathique , a lécoute . Par contre , les ustensiles fournis ne sont pas terribles pour cuisiner . Par ailleurs , Linda na pas indiqué que les toilettes et la salle de bain étaient sur le palier . Du coup , le prix que jai payé est excessif sachant que je devais aller aux toilettes et me laver sur le palier sachant que cela na jamais été indiqué . Si cela avait été indiqué sur lannonce , jamais jaurai pris lappartement . Jai des amis , ils payaient moins chers et avaient un espace plus grand et avaient des toilettes et une salle de bain à lintérieur du logement !!!! Néanmoins , Linda est sympathique . We had a great visit to Brooklyn and the Suite was, as promised, only a few minutes walk from our son.  The neighbours in the street were very friendly and Linda kindly provided a ""goodie basket"" as well as delicious coffee that we very much enjoyed.  What follows is not intended as criticism, but as description of things we had not quite realised.  First of all, the bathroom is indeed for the exclusive use of the Suite, but it is along a little corridor, outside the Suite itself, so not what we would call (and expect) in England ""self contained"".  The Suite is a little, what shall I say, makeshift?  For example, the bed (which was very comfy) was in a slightly strange framework, with the bedside shelves missing, the lights not connected, and a space at the top so the pillows fall down the back.  The Suite is also quite cramped. with a little cooking / dish washing area squeezed into the living room.  We could have made pasta and sauce (which Linda kindly left for us) but I would not want to try anything more ambitious.  Having said that, the Suite did what we wanted, providing a place to stay between outings.  And the features I describe were reflected in a price that was lower than other properties with the same amenities. The apartment is very cozy, clean and comfortable. What I personally liked the most is its location. The surrounding area is quiet, subway station is within 3 min walk. Right on the way to subway there are many really good restaurants and shops, you can find anything you need there. It was a pleasure to stay there."	0
362	This place was perfect for my friends and I. There was plenty of bed space. Very minimalist which was what we wanted because we spent the whole time exploring the city. There were no towels, which wasnt a problem for us but some people may want to know before going. The location was very close to a metro stop on the 2nd and 5th line which was convenient, especially coming from Penn Station. Yitzchok was very good at responding in a timely manner and setting everything up to make it easy for us to check in. The place was just as described. We pretty much used the place just for sleeping. The beds were comfortable and the apartment was clean. The host canceled this reservation 6 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Cheap and location not far from the subway station Coji the apartment from December 23 to 25, the day before this tells me that you can not answer by cell until after 6 pm on 23 for the religion. I arrive at 2 pm to the address but the apartment is not at first sight, the number of people available to look like him and the apt to the back but in the lowest ground he did not tell me. By chance I met a child in the vicinity and asked to see the owners family, this child took me to the apartment as such. If it were not for the reason that I had to wait for the owner to answer me after 6pm. Upon entering the instant I can say that it is just the same as seeing in the photo. The bathroom edits nice but had problems for women and to lower it with water and shower. I contacted the owner from 2 and he did not answer me. This problem was solved at 10 oclock in the afternoon and after several messages that did not allow me to bathe or use the bathroom, I bought Clorox and I pulled some soaps that were in the kit to disinfect and clean the shower, I also bought a plastic To touch the floor with my feet since it was disgusting. After 10 oclock the problem was solved, everything was normal. When the owner leaves the apartment, he writes me what if he can know what a party is in the apartment. Arrive with my family to spend Christmas in NY the apartment has no stove or microwave, buy two boxes of pizza and a box of beers, the day before going to the house 25 gifts, do everything you have to do. I also paid for the days and it includes the cleaning that is very clear that it says when renting it. This apparently wants people to go to sleep and that is almost not in the apt. Despite everything, I had a great time as I went to many places A good place yo stay, close to the subway and stores. The place a little bit cold, the warmers wasnt enough. But in general comfortable and Basic. It is a clean modest accommodation in Crown Heights.	0
363	Tida was very welcoming. She greeted us kindly on our arrival to the apartment and showed us around. The apartment was stocked with everything youd need – clean towels, dishware, a comfortable bed, a clean shower. The decor was warm and cozy. The apartment is located in the center of Spanish Harlem very close to a grocery store and a few blocks from the 6 train. We will be staying with Tida again! Mi estadía en el apartamento de Toda fue genial! Tida ha sido muy amable, nos esperó el día de llegada y nos facilitó un excelente medio de transporte al aeropuerto a nuestra partida. El departamento era muy cómodo con espacio de guardado, las camas eran muy confortables y la zona era excelente ! Muy cerca del parque de los museos y del subte. Volvería a contactar a tida si regresará a nueva york ! Excelente anfitriona ! I had a lovely experience with Tida and her apartment.  She communicated with me promptly and made everything go smoothly. She is a very sweet woman.   The apartment was quite spacious for 2 people. The apartment is as shown, the only difference being is that the two yellow chairs have been replaced by a full size matress that would accommodate sleeping for additional people. I used it to place my luggage.   Location is great and is only two blocks from the 6 . Also there is a small market next door which made it quite convenient for picking up water and snacks.   Great value for the price! Thanks again Tida. Tida was really kind and caring, she explained everything and provided maps and all kinds of advice. The neighborhood is in the upper part of the Upper East side, in Spanish Harlem, near the subway, always busy, and full of you need. Enejoy your stay and Thank you Tida! Tinas place was fine.  Looks better in the pictures. The neighborhood was a little far away from Midtown.  I was comfortable. The only thing was the TV, theres no cable TV or is not working.   Great location for city dwellers in Manhattan, and Central Park hop skip and jump away. Grocery store has awesome stuff right the stairs in corner and reasonable prices. Tida was on par with communications. Apartment is spotless and has everything you need. Parking can be a challenge so get ready, but other then that I would recommend booking this place. Thank you Tida  This was the absolute worst travel experience I have ever had. The taxi driver warned me not to walk around the area because it was in a really bad part of town. I was pickpocketed nearby in the subway and not only that, someone tried to break into the apartment while I was home.     Staying at this apartment completely ruined my trip to New York. Not only was it completely unsafe but I had to leave after 2 days and was never refunded the rest of my stay. Seriously, dont stay here. It was truly, truly awful. Its not worth the money and its dangerous. I cannot even fathom how people have left positive reviews for this property. Terrible. I will think twice about booking an AirBnb in the future.  Really cozy apartment for a great price! Has everything you need, walkable to Central Park and bars/shops on the UES. Very comfy bed. Great shower. Would recommend! I really enjoyed staying with this host . The place was extremely spacious and it was the perfect spot to stay in for my first time in NYC. The subway stop was only a 5 minute walk and we could take the 6 all the way downtown it was great . We were also right next to a pharmacy and grocery store . Id definitely recommend it . The communication with the host has been perfect. The apartment, as other users said, looks better in the pictures and might be a little more clean, but is fine. The neighborhood is a little far away to midtown, but the subway is pretty close (ca 0.3 miles/500 metres). Theres a 24/7 supermarket and a pharmacy few steps away. Theres no way to watch TV...  Homero and Tida were very welcoming! Their place was easy to find and in a vibrant neighbourhood, with a store just down the street for anything you need. During my stay I was in one of their flats in the building and it was wonderful, clean and homely. 2 air conditioners meant I was always cool, even in the NYC heat and humidity. Tida and Homero lived just upstairs and were always around if I had any problems (but I never had problems). All in all, I had an awesome stay and would definitely go back! Lappartamento è diverso rispetto alle foto inserite nel sito e non è molto pulito. È grande per due persone e la posizione e comoda (10 minuti scarsi dalla metro).  Non tornerei qui per la pulizia (la doccia aveva le croste ai lati).   Tida es una anfitriona amable y colaborativa, el depto es amplio, limpio y luminoso.  Se encuentra en una zona del Spanish Harlem que no es la mas linda, pero no es peligrosa.  Metro a tres cuadras y muy buen supermercado al lado   La experiencia en el departamento de Tida ha sido maravillosa. El lugar es exactamente igual a las fotos publicadas. Totalmente cómodo. Un gran refugio para los que quieran conocer Nueva York de punta a punta y tener una cama cómoda, un buen baño y demás para finalizar un largo día. La limpieza es impecable, el lugar es grande, cómodo. El departamento se encuentra en un edificio que tiene a metros a un supermercado que se encuentra abierto las 24 horas, una lavandería a la par, una casa de comidas rápidas también al lado. La estación de subte está a 3 cuadras, lo que facilita toda la conexión con Manhattan. Sin lugar a dudas elegiría de nuevo éste departamento para volver a Nueva York. Tida was a fantastic host. She communicated well before and during our stay and was very flexible with our check in and check out times which helped a lot. The apartment was great and just what we needed for our stay in NYC. Its a little far from the main attractions but it is only a short walk to the subway on E96th street and central park. There are some nice bars and restaurants close by on 2nd Avenue. We didnt venture any further uptown at night but it is a clean and sweet apartment in Manhattan at an affordable price. Tida was extremely helpful (conveniently she lives on the floor below). We enjoyed our stay.  The apartment was clean and had everything i needed. Close to the subway which made visiting the city a breeze. Tida was very nice and let me enjoy my stay. She was available for any problems but i never had to call as my stay was perfect. Tida was a friendly and understanding host.  C The place was perfect! Tida helps your stay in New York be a pleasant one. All the amenities were available, the place was super clean, and it was close to everything in New York. The space was big, with a kitchen, a living room, and the bedroom. I would recommend this place to everyone! I will definitely come back and stay in Tidas place again.  When you arrive you dont think its the right address, but once you in the building you feel like New York right away, the police station is two blocks away. The apartment is great, it has all you need, the kitchen is well equipped, a private room a couch, tv, clean refrigerator, utinsels, the toilet is spacious, clean blankets and towels, lots of artwork, the best word to describe it is contemporary and classy. the market place is two places down and is open 24 hours. Burger place next door and is 24 hours. Not the fancy place you looking for but is perfect in all the aspects the price is correct you get what you pay.  Tida nous a accueillis chaleureusement, lappartement était parfaitement conforme a la description  I was leery at first about this great bargain for an Airbnb in Manhatten, but what a great stay. I am a photojournalist and travel often for work and this was exactly what I needed for my trip on assignment. A nook the right size for a person (or two) to lay low and hide away from the bustle of New York but still be in a prime location. The Q train is a few blocks away and will take you anywhere in Manhatten, I took the subway to and from JFK with one connection. The neighborhood is lovely, enough culture and friendly neighbors. The area isnt overly gentrified as most of New York can be and the 24 grocery store on the same block saved me during winter storm Stella while I was snowed in. Tida was great and accommodating recommending places of attraction and direction. Highly recommend if you are looking for a comfortable stay in the city.  She is really nice. And its in Mahanttan,in a really convenient area,supermarkets around it,close to the subway station. Everything was great, easy to walk to the train station.  There wasnt much to do in the direct vicinity, but a short train away. Tida allowed me to check-in at 8am, not giving her enough time to clean the apartment thoroughly.  She did however make sure to change the bedding, so I could take a much needed nap.  We effortlessly communicated for a time that would suit us for her to finish cleaning.   When I came back, the place was spotless.  I would definitely recommend to stay here, if you are looking for a private and cheaper option than staying in the hustle and bustle of New York.  Tida was nice, the place was decent and we had a good time. Muy buena experiencia. Fácil acceso a rutas de trenes, lugares de comida, Central Park. El apartamento está bien ubicado. Una cálida y agradable bienvenida de parte de Tida.  El alojamiento es muy bueno, el vecindario no parece muy lindo pero es bastante tranquilo. El baño y la cocina están bien equipados para cubrir las necesidades de los huéspedes. Lo mejor es que estaba cerca de una estación de metro, lo que nos permitió movernos en toda la ciudad y también hay a lado del edificio un supermercado lo cual fue genial para poder comprar lo que requeríamos. Tida es una anfitriona muy cordial, nos atendió en poco tiempo cuando tuvimos algún inconveniente.  Tida est gentille. Lappartement est pratique et bien situé proche des transports.   Zentral gelegenes, sauberes Appartment in unmittelbarer Nähe zu den U-Bahnlinien Q und 6. Alle Sehenswürdigkeiten in maximal 25min mit der U-Bahn erreichbar. Alle Angaben trafen vollstens zu. Todo muy bien Wonderful little space thats close to a couple subway stations and a great grocery store. Tida is a super sweet, gracious host and made sure we were stocked with amenities and then some after we ran out. The space was very homey and was nice to come back to after a long day of galavanting.  Ive been in a air b&b that wasnt like the pictures and I was just going to sleep there but the place was just so dirty. I decided to get a room at the Roosevelt hotel because I knew I couldnt sleep here. She was nice and I felt so bad returning the keys but no way I could stay here.  Great well furnished space. Very comfortable.  Tida was an absolute fabulous hosts. Always available, considerate and accommodating but never invasive of my privacy. I would be happy to stay in her home again! A great spot to stay. Good stuff nearby. Would recommend. I needed a place for a week in a last minute situation. Basically a week before I arrived. Tida was very flexible because my flight was delayed for several hours and Tida did not mind. We arrived late at night and she was waiting for us. The place had everything we needed. I already knew the good and the bad of the area so everything was perfect for me and my two traveling companions.  She even let my sister stay as long as she needed to wait for her flight. We had a great time in New York. Thank you Tida.  Como não conhecíamos NY, a distância do apartamento das melhores atrações atrapalhou  as saídas noturnas e achamos que o apartamento parece bem melhor nas fotos. No entanto, Tida foi extremamente prestativa e flexível, nos proporcionando um ótimo acolhimento. Chegamos em torno de 6h da manhã e ela prontamente ofereceu-se para nos receber, extrapolando os horários combinados em nosso benefício e poupando-nos de uma espera que poderia ter sido bem chata. Ótima anfitriã! We hebben een fijne week gehad in het appartement van Tida: supermarkt om de hoek was erg handig, het bed was fijn en het complex lekker rustig. Ook regelde Tida een kinderstoel voor ons eenjarig zoontje. Wel vonden we het appartement wat verouderd en de omgeving niet heel gezellig. Nous avons passé un excellent séjour à New-York. Tida est une hôte disponible, accueillante et arrangeante. Le logement est conforme aux photos, situé à proximité des commerces et des transports. Nous y retournerons sans hésiter. Nettes, kleines Appartment mit nahe gelegener subway station. Tida war sehr freundlich und hilfsbereit. Emplacement relativement calme comparé au centre ville mais je nai pas aimé le quartier. La supérette en bas est très pratique, ouverte 24/24 et 7/7. Le métro se trouve à 10 minutes à pied et nous emmène très rapidement au centre ville. Bon rapport qualité / prix. Tina nous a donné à notre arrivée de précieux conseils pour nous aider dans nos premiers déplacements. Nous avons passé un bon séjour dans lappartement de Tida, merci à elle !	0
364	This place was great. Both rooms were at opposite side of the apartment so that was good for privacy when traveling with others, very clean and bright. Lots of natural light. Great location, close to two subway stops. The neighborhood was really nice, its still an untouched part of Brooklyn, lots of character and great food around there. Highly recommended it.  The host canceled this reservation 183 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Denis apartment is very nice, light and airy. We enjoyed our visit.  The hallway is not inviting, but dont let that put you off - inside is very pleasant and it made a good base for exploring NYC.  There was all you needed -   good beds, simple kitchen, tv and netflicks. I had high expectations looking at the pictures but I was disappointed. Quite a few things to be improved in the apartment. The apartment looked very modern in pictures but it is the only furniture in the apartment. It was not a great experience for me and my family. Pros: A spacious 2B1B that can fit in 5 people; very close to metro (5min walk) and close to restaurants and grocery; Affordable price in NYC; Roku TV a plus; the host Denis is very responsive and helpful.  Cons: cleanliness is a MAJOR concern. Not sure if the bedsheet has been washed and replaced after the last guest, but we discovered dust and even human hair on it; If you sleep in the right hand side room, there is a bar right across the street that plays loud music until 2am on weekends;   The sheet were dirty and mold all over. Never again! Apartamento confortable por dentro, vencindario feo y sucio. Malos olores en los pasillos. Great location. Wonderful vacation. Creo que el dueños tiene que limpiar un poco más los baños y renovar muchas cosas más en el apartamento la entrada del edificio antes de llegar al apartamento es orrorosa. Me mando las instrucciones equivocadas y unos de mi familia me tuvo que esperar por 4 horas afuera por que yo estaba viajando. No lo recomiendo ese apartamento a nadie. Ma famille et moi avons passé un bon séjour a brooklyn. Tout était à proximité métro, dépanneur et bon restaurants. Le fait que lappartement soit au troisième étage et quil y avait de la difficulté à trouvé du stationnement était un peu décevant. Un quartier tranquille. Theres a lot of kitchen equipment available Clean, great base for getting about. Comfortable beds, lots of hot water. No hesitation in recommending this apartment. If youre looking for a place with a guaranteed parking spot, this is not it. Even though I selected the parking option within the filters, all you have here is street parking in a busy part of Brooklyn so its almost certain youre going to have to park and walk a few blocks. Also, the ad claims the apartment is professionally cleaned but there were hairs in the bathroom sink and shower, and the shower was broken upon our arrival. The location is good but we probably wouldnt stay here again. Train station is 5 Minutes from the apartment. A little grocery store right across the street. Get the right code for the apartment before arriving. Very cute place with 2 big bedrooms. Loud bar across the street with a lot of cigarette smoke. Not the nicest area, but I did not feel unsafe. The main issue was that I received incorrect instructions to the wrong apt before checking in, then I had to call to actually get into the apt next door. Apartment was clean and tastefully decorated with newer furniture. Make sure you (Hidden by Airbnb) map area before you book just so you aware of what to expect.  It is a rougher looking part of Brooklyn.  Not 100 % sure that we would have  chosen this place, had we done this before hand.. Subway was a few blocks away and lighting on the side  streets wasnt the greatest. Parking  can be an issue and you need to pay attention to the street cleaning signs or risk getting a $45 ticket (Lesson learned). The apartment itself was fine. Building has controlled entrance . A comunicação com o Denis antes do check in foi difícil. No endereço constava AP 3 L mas o corret (Website hidden by Airbnb) estadia e o AP é muito bom! The host canceled this reservation 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. We stayed at this apartment for 5 nights during a hot spell (at least for us Canadians) and were very grateful for the bedroom air conditioning! The location was close to a subway and a wonderful coffee house which we went to every morning. (Variety Roasters). This is a mixed neighbourhood of hipsters, Mexican and Ecuadorian cultures (according to the local businesses), safe, easy to navigate and contrary to what people think, New Yorkers are pretty friendly. Theres a  straight shot view of the Empire State building as we walked from the subway to the apartment.  The apartment is clean; spacious bedrooms with A/C and very comfortable beds. We had enough hot water for our showers (4 people) and the kitchen set up made our lives pretty comfortable. Decent wifi and we even managed to watch a movie on the big screen TV. There is a closet in the hallway but no hangers so if you have anything that you need to hang, bring something. Other than that it was great. Wir haben uns in der Wohnung von Dennis sehr wohl gefühlt. Einen kleinen Augenblick mussten wir uns an die Umgebung gewöhnen und ein wenig herantasten an die Ecke Bushwick in Brooklyn. Doch nachdem wir uns in der Gegend umgesehen hatten haben wir es geliebt. Die U-Bahn-Station DelKab bringt einen wunderbar nach Manhatten. Auf dem Weg zur Bahn befindet sich ein gutes Kaffeehaus wenn man in der Wohnung nicht Frühstücken möchte.  In Dennis Wohnung ist alles da was man für einen Aufenthalt braucht. Schräg gegenüber ist ein kleiner Laden für Wasser, Milch.... Wir haben es genossen.... auf gar keinen Fall vom Treppenhaus abschrecken lassen, die Wohnung ist prima. Great place! Super clean and stylish! Perfect amount of space for those whom will be spending there time here just for rest between touring the city. I do recommend this place! Just dont forget anything b/c you most likely wont get it back! Be aware of bedbugs! Left hand side room has bedbugs and right hand side room is cold af. The host checked us out one day ahead because I told him we are bitten by bedbugs. Kitchenware are dirty. We cleaned the whole room and checked out. It’s a shame. Les aconsejo escojer este apartamento ,muy amigables los vecinos y lugares muy cerca para adquirir lo mismo alimentos que lo que se te antoge a buen precio, el metro a 3 cuadras Nice place, not very easy to get inside with luggage, and we particullary had a few issues with the odor in the building. Close to public transport and shops.  Very noisy.	0
365	They are so nice and helpful people. House is good for groups. Great place in a quiet neighborhood in brooklyn! 3 min walk to the subway! Yvonne and her family were an amazing host, clear communication, and clear rules, very friendly and lovely with our baby, the place was clean and close to the Halsey Metro Station no more than 2 blocks, the transport was very easy all the time in Metro. Without doubts I will be back in this place is very nice and confortable. If your plans are visiting the city is a great choice...thanks Yvonne and Damon for your kindness and hospitality we have a great time at your place and in the city El metro está cerca, compartes el baño con ellos, a veces es incómodo por las largas duchas... Se escucha mucho ruido de la calle (entre ellos el metro...). Great communication, nice location just by the subway stop, easy and smooth check in, very friendly hosts!	0
366	Host was extremely helpful when booking. He answered my emails promptly and made everything a very smooth process. Also worked very well with a few accommodations requests I had. The host canceled this reservation 43 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. This apartment is located in a good area close to midtown. It is convenient for tourist to go anywhere in New York.    I will recommend this apartment indeed.   Good about it: very convenient location, small but has almost everything you need, sunshine in the morning. There are some small problems (tolerable for me): the room is old, the AC produces much noise, the glass surface of the table is detached from its base, lots of noise at the nights of weekend, TV only provide basic channels, cannot receive mails and packages directly. However, communication is a big problem. It usually took hours to days to get their response, and can end up with no response at all, which is annoying.  CRNY Monthly Rentals is a monthly apartment management company and provided everything that was described. Jacob was very helpful and responsive through the process and would definitely use them again for long-term rentals in NY.  238 Madison Ave is a great location!  The apartment has high ceilings, a wonderful huge window, good closet space.  It was fairly priced (for NYC) for my three-month stay.   The kitchen was appropriately tiny (no oven, tiny frig) for a neighborhood full of great places to eat, to grab and go, to sit and enjoy -- anything.  Whole Foods within short walking distance has all the ready-made great food you could want and a perfect park with little tables to eat at right across the street.  The bathroom was clean and bright with a tub shower.  The mattress is nice but it sagged a bit.  Jacob at CRNY is fixing that issue.  I only mentioned it after I left or he would have solved it then.  (I just prefer to have nobody in my space once I get settled.)  Jacob is great, if you do need something fixed all you have to do is ask and he takes care of it right away.  One last comment: I knew in advance that there was no elevator.   The stairs were easy after a few days and I am now in better shape than I have been in many years.  Go for it!	0
367	"Todo fue correcto y conforme a lo pactado. La ubicación y el barrio excelentes.  Mel was very nice and communicated well with us once we arrive in NYC. He even carried my luggage up the stairs, as this is a walk up building with no elevator.  - Apartment is nice and well located  - Check-in and out was uncomplicated  - host was very friendly and helpful A part que le logement est très bien placé, celui-ci nécessite des améliorations urgentes ! Lisolation est très insuffisante, trop de bruit la nuit ainsi que le chauffage ! Linstallation électrique doit être revue car beaucoup de fils pendent un peu partout !  Les sanitaires sont vieux mais assez propres. Les télévisions ne marchaient pas et la wi-fi non plus les 1ers jours. La ubicación del apartamento es inmejorable, muy bien situado. El contacto con Mel cuando llegamos fue bien, ofreciéndose a ayudarnos en lo que necesitáramos. En cuanto al estado del apartamento, está más deteriorado de lo que parece en las fotos. Las ventanas estaban rotas, de forma que entraba frío y muchísimo ruido. Escasa limpieza. La televisión no funcionaba bien porque va con conexión a Internet y la señal de wifi es mala. Ubicación excelente. Mobiliario malo. Cocina y baño bien. Entraron a cambiar algunas cosas sin aviso previo. The apartment is situated at a very convenient spot in Manhattan, very close to Times sq. and the subway. It was very clean. We had an issue with something like a crack in the windows, but it was fixed a few days upon our arrival. The host was very kind and helpful. The one and only issue we faced was that there was a late check-in fee policy that was not mentioned in the apartments description. La jubilación es inmejorable, el mobiliario es antiguo y tengan presente qué hay que subir tres pisos por las escaleras. No hay ascensor y como es una zona muy céntrica el lugar es muy ruidoso. Pero la hubicacion es excelente. Appartmment Its very clean and beautiful. We appreciate a candles which make an cosy and relaxing atmosphere. Very convenient central location. Only one big issue, there it was almost no internet connection during all our stay !!  Location perfect, apartment needs renovation. A bit pricey for the standard of apartment. Excellent location, excellent host! My parents and I stayed at Mels apartment for a holiday visit to NYC, and it was exactly as described in both the posting and per Mels communication with me. Highly recommend Mels apartment if youre looking to live like a local during your NYC visit! Wir hatten eine fantastische Woche. Für unsere älteren Kinder 15 und 17 Jahre ein cooler Urlaub, aber auch unsere Tochter (8 Jahre) fand es super. Die Lage ist zentral, in ca. 10-15 Minuten erreicht man zu Fuß viele interessante Orte ( Empire State B., Madison Square Garden, Times Square, Central Station, Madame T.,..) und auch die metro Station ist um die Ecke. Es gibt hübschere Gegenden in N.Y. aber bestimmt kaum zentralere. Für die Lage war die Straße an sich relativ ruhig, trotzdem immer Menschen unterwegs und man fühlt sich auf jeden Fall auch mit Kindern sehr sicher. Dementsprechend hört man nachts das New Yorker Stadtleben, aber für uns hat das zum Urlaub ""dazugehört"". Es war nicht laut,  Stadtleben halt. Das Haus und die Wohnung sind alt, aber die Wohnung ist nett eingerichtet. Zwei steile Treppen führen in den zweiten Stock, doch wenn man nicht gut zu Fuß ist, sollte man die Stadt sowieso meiden. Uns gefiel dieses alte Stadthaus sehr gut, inmitten von Midtown.  Es gibt zwei Doppelbetten, unsere jüngste Tochter schlief bei uns im Bett. War o.k. für eine Woche. Man hätte auch auf dem Sofa schlafen können, doch das finde ich für tagsüber eher ungeschickt. Also für vier Leute ideal. Kleines Bad, kleine Küche aber für die Woche ausreichend, da man ja sowieso fast ununterbrochen draußen unterwegs ist. Die Absprache und das einchecken mit Mel hat sehr gut geklappt. Vielen Dank für die tolle Woche und diese Wohnung!  A nice apartment, very convenient. A nice trip! the location is awesome is near to Timessquare, is perfect if you want to stay near to the most turistic places in manhattan, Mel is super kind we had problems with our flight and he help us. the appartment is beautiful we arrive early in the morning and Mel sent to us all the instructions. Thanks!! Great apartment in a quiet neighborhood  Enkelt men funktionellt boende. Prioritet på det centrala läget. Great location easy access to subway, shopping, theatres and restaurants. Nice lounge area after a busy day of walking and sightseeing.  Perfekte Lage in Manhattan um die Stadt zu erkunden. Die Wohnung entsprach zu 100% den Fotos.  Excellent location, friendly easy check in. Thanks all went well The location of the flat near the Bryant Park is perfect and the host was kind and helpful.   We were even able to do a little bit later checkout than usual and this caused no problems, because the host didnt have guests for the next night.  I have to say though, that the pictures create the flat a little bit too admirable image. The bathroom was smaller than we expected and the insulation of the windows is bad.   Anyway we had a nice stay in Mels perfectly located flat and I can recommend it, if you are not too sensitive about the noise from the streets. Great Host. Very good location. All touristic attractions are just a little walk away. A really cozy place with great location. Great little spot in the heart of Midtown. Within walking distance to all the main attractions. Perfect for what we needed. Alles super organisiert und alles wie beschrieben. Würde ich wieder hin fahren Ótima localização!!! Porém, faz-se necessário melhorias no imóvel. As janelas estavam com fitas adesivas, a internet não funcionava e havia forte odor de barata nos utensílios da cozinha. The location of the flat  is perfect and Mel was helpful. Thanks to Mel for the late checkout and this caused no problems. Anyway we spend a good time in NYC. Just a weakness, the noise from the street because the insulation of the windows is bad Super location!  I wouldn’t have booked this flat if I had seen it prior my checkin. It does need to be reformed, refurnitured.  Very close to Times Square or “Times Sqaure” as for the add (for this lack of attention you can image the rest) but 3,5 blocks from the subway. My family spent Christmas in NY & stayed at Mel’s AirBnB. Mel’s Place is located in an excellent location. You can walk to Whole Foods that is located across from Bryant Park. You can easily walk to some of the theaters & Times Square. 3 of us stayed in the AirBnB. 1 person in each bedroom & 1 on the sofa. The apartment is 2 flights up & there isn’t an elevator. Mel’s Place isn’t over the top. If you’re looking for something grand then it isn’t for you. But if you’re looking for something convenient, clean, with a kitchen that is economical then definitely Book with Mel. Great location, great apartment. Mel is a good, responsive host, and we really enjoyed our stay with him. Apartment was clean and spacious, especially for NYC!"	0
368	"Great location, perfect for one or two people and Gill ensured that all was taken care of. Overall experience was perfect during New Years Eve week even though a snow storm was blowing through the city at the time. (The heater worked just fine!!!)    It was worth the money!!! Making arrangements with Gill was very easy and seamless. We arrived to the city earlier than anticipated, and Gill was very accommodating in letting us come to the place early in the morning. The neighborhood is very safe and close to everything. We made many walking trips around the city, and when we had to do a longer trip, subway is only a block or so away. Though apartment is somewhat on the smaller side, we were not looking to spend much time indoors and were only coming back for the night, and in that regard, it was a good size for two people.  The apartment has a good location, but besides that dont expect much. It looked like it hasnt been vacumed for a month, so forget about ""professional cleaning"". TV didnt work and we also had to chase Gill for 2 days around the city to give us the second towel, cause he left one for 2 of us... He even requested to bring him back the keys after we checked out ( which we refused ofc). He pretty much seemed like he didnt care and you need to do all by yourself. And another problem is - no elevator in the building, so if you have big luggage you need to carry it till 4th floor.  Gill was flexible about our arrival time and very responsive in his communications.  The apt was clean and had all the basics. It does face Houston street however,  so you get lots of classic Manhattan street sounds, which is good if you want NYC immersion,  but may be hard for light sleepers. Make sure to ask Gill if there is construction going on when you visit, some pretty loud construction noises started at 7am when we were there.  Otherwise really convenient location,  close to Whole Foods and trains :-) Gill was a very nice host, his apartment was clean and has a very cool fire exit New York style.  There is also a rooftop very cool that hi forgot to mention. Location is very good, subway 2 blocks away. My sisters and I stayed here for three nights, and it was perfect. Small, but clean, uncluttered and comfortable. The location is great, very close to grocery stores, restaurants and bars, and only a block or so from the metro. Gill was very responsive and made it easy to pick up/drop off the keys. Would stay again.  All very good, cozy apartment and cool location- worth the money! Fue una experiencia muy buena, sobre todo por la ubicación del departamento. Está a dos calles del metro y en la calle de al lado está todo lo que necesitas.  Es un barrio muy lindo y se siente seguro.    El departamento es como aparece descrito, ni más ni menos - Es cómodo y un buen lugar para llegar y dormir- además que tenga cocina y refrigerador es muy bueno, porque puedes desayunar y cenar ahí.     Si la idea es pasear por toda la ciudad es un buen lugar en todos los sentidos. El único tema es que están en construcción en la avenida, empiezan a las 7am - entonces hay ruido de máquinas, pero hay una solución muy sencilla: caminar mucho y terminar muy cansado para dormir como bebé ó comprar unos tapones de oídos.    Para recoger y dejar las llaves Gill fue muy accesible - es un buen anfitrión.    Volvería sin dudarlo y ya lo recomendé a amigos.                 Gill was accommodating and flexible about our arrival/check out time and very responsive in commuting with us. The apartment was small and clean but had all the basics. There is also has a futon which could be converted to a second bed if needed. The location was convenient, close to the market and subway. Overall a very pleasant stay.  Gill was very responsive throughout my stay. I dont think I waited more than an hour for a response from him at any point. Also, he was very flexible about key pickup and drop-off -- being able to swing by his office was a plus.    The accommodations were clean and functional. The apartment was stocked with the basics, and its clear that the place was professionally cleaned right before my arrival. The price was good value for the money, too, considering the alternatives.    If youre a very light sleeper you might want to bring earplugs, as theres a bit of street noise, but thats pretty standard for the city. I cant really think of any other drawbacks.    Overall an excellent host and I would recommend his place to a friend. A+ Apartment was clean and comfortable. Great location next to restaurants, bars, grocery. Would definitely stay here again. Great place & location!  Place is as advertised.  Gil is receptive & made my stay there seamless.  Would recommend to anyone visiting NYC.  When I visit NYC again would definitely stay here again! Had a great time in New York thanks to the good location of the apartment. Great places to eat nearby as well as the subway being near by helped. Slightly small the apartment. So plan accordingly with luggage    Appartement propre très bien placé, clair, sans vis à vis et suffisant pour 2. 3 étages sans ascenseur (attention valises lourdes) et très bruyants (bar le weekend au rdc et voie très passagères devant). Boules quies indispensables ! Hôte sympathique et relax.     Clean flat very well positioned in the city, bright, no building in front, enough for 2 no more. 3 stairs no lift (careful with heavy luggage) and very noisy (bar downstairs and very heavy traffic). Ear plug compulsory ! Gill very nice and relax. The apartment was clean and at an alive neighborhood. Right next to places to have coffee, eat and shop for groceries. We did not get a chance to meet Gill in person because he was on vacation, but he had arranged everything perfectly for us. The only drawback is that on weekends the noise is maybe a little too loud from the people on the street (weekdays were fine). Another good thing about Gill is that he responds really fast to messages. Overall a good value for money. Very convenient to meet with hosts friend to get the key.  Apartment was very centrally located and appointed with all the essentials.  Host was accommodating and let us leave our luggage in the apartment until our flight later that day.    Only challenging part of the stay - the front door to his building is tricky to open!  Not sure if it is a building problem or a poorly fitting key - but certainly manageable with some persistence!  Gill was extremely accommodating, and allowed us an early check-in on the day of our arrival. The place was spotless when we arrived. This is a perfectly located apartment, with brilliant bars close-by and very good local transport access.     Everything in the apartment exceeded our expectations and we were sad to leave.    The one criticism would be the difficulty when trying to unlock the front door to the apartment block. The door unlocks with persistence however.    Overall though this was a minor issue, and I would definitely recommend this apartment to anyone looking to stay in New York.  Gill was an excellent host and very accommodating. I needed a last minute place for my visiting mothers stay and she was very pleased with everything. Very cute apartment located in the best area around.  Gill was very responsive and made it very simple to access his apartment. The apartment was clean and well taken care of. Excellent experience.  The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 6 days before arrival. This is an automated posting."	0
369	Giovanni was prompt in his communication and in providing answer for my questions. The room was very clean and tidy. Although I stayed for a night, but the room was in basement which made me feel claustrophobic.  Giovanni was a great host.  He went out of his way to make sure I was comfortable.  The room was what I expected for a basement apartment.  It was clean and comfortable.  For the price this worked out very well for my stay before flying out of Lga.   Giovanna and his son are both very welcoming, kind, helpful, and funny! My friend and I booked their private room for about 3 nights. We agreed that they definitely made our first trip to NY more enjoyable! This place is quite affordable, only $50 a night. We thought this was a great deal considering how clean and well equipped the private room was. He provided wi-fi, cable, refrigerator, stove to cook and a washer and dryer! You definitely get what you pay for and more. Overall, great experience with these kind people. Stayed here previously and it is a great price.  Giovanni is a great host. Great host, helped us with whatever we needed.  The room nears the bus stop and not very far from the subway. I live here for two days ,the host is very kind to us ! Giovanni was very welcoming and kind. The room was quiet, very clean and comfortable and had everything we could need and more. He was flexible on check-in and check-out times which was wonderful because we were exhausted from our red eye flight. The suggestions he gave us for food in the area were delicious. He even told us to help ourselves to his groceries and toiletries. We wouldve liked to stay there longer and if were in the area again, I know where we want to stay! Quiet, clean, and the host goes out of his way to accommodate you.   It was good Giovanni is great. The place is exactly as described in the notes.  The host is very kind, all was very clean, a very good room and te neighborhood is nice too, you feel like home After having two flight cancellations Giovannis place was great. We felt a little lost arriving and were unsure where to go but once we were situated we were right at home. There was a slight mix-up with a double-booking but it was fixed and made up for. It was a little noisy for me as a light sleeper but other than that no complaints! We had a great stay.  Giovanni was very welcoming & friendly. The room was clean & cozy. I enjoyed my stay.  The room is nice but the amenities outside the room is nasty. Great choice of tv channels and great wifi.  Very nice host, amazing hospitality and the room was great. I would recommend this host very highly When it comes to location, Giovannis place is perfect. Less than 10 min drive to La Guardia Airport. Within walking distance of Colombian and Dominican Food Restaurant. He is friendly, welcoming and accommodating just like his family. I was personally welcomed with an array of amenities like food and beverages were i need any. I wont doubt in staying at Giovannis place again if i ever make my way to New York  No complains except room floor wasnt that clean, a lot of hairs on floor  Amazing room! It was a great place to stay... they are very welcoming, warm and flexible.... they made me feel like if I was at home.... the room is cozy and has everything you need for a comfortable stay... also the place is very close to the metro station and many bus stops, 10 minutes walk maximun. Im very greatful for this nice experience....  I like the place even the room is not too big but, its ok for me . I enjoyed the channels, everything is so clean .. good service,  everything was perfect. No complain  Great stay for a night. Giovanni waited up for me because I was coming from Manhattan late. He showed me how the tv works, pots and pans, bathroom, and there was even a welcoming note with the wifi information in the room, which was very pleasant. I only stayed one night because I had an early flight the next day, and for that its perfect. If I were visiting new york as a tourist and wanted to see manhattan I would probably not stay here because it is so far from manhattan. But what you get for the money is really good. A private room which is clean and tidy. Giovanni even provided an array of towels for me to use which is very usefull if you are travelling light. Would I recommend this place? Definetly. If you are visiting new york on a budget you can make it work easily with the subway. I was very pleased in the way I used the room as a close stop to la Guardia and if I find myself in the same situation again in the future I would definetly go to Giovanni aswell. Very informative, felt incredibly welcome and loved the place. Giovanni is a super nice Host! He cares for you and is always there to give you some advices if you dont know what to do in New York or if you want to refresh your history knowledge a little bit. The room was clean and tidy, no complaint about that. Keep in mind that you stay in an apartment in New York, so dont expect total silence! We got to meet some family members of Giovanni and they were as nice as him. You can take the Subway to Manhattan real quick from Junction Boulevard. Just take the 7 and youll get directly to the Times Square. I loved the stay! I recommend it to everyone. The room is fine but is like a basement. The rooms upstairs and next to this room were a little bit distracting  For the price it was really nice. Gio was very accommodating. Room is small and the apt above you can hear a lot more than you want. Cable is amazing. If I needed place I would definitely stay. The family is very nice as well. I would recommend it to anyone for sure.  My husband and I really enjoyed our stay! Giovannis family was a pleasure! Enjoyed myself , definitely will be back ! Perfect Spot and a Great Owner...  A good place for a night to crash. The room had AC. Giovanni made sure we were comfortable and he whatever we needed. Good quality for the price. Giovanni was a great host. He was very nice and informative. He help me get around with the best restaurants to eat at, and to help me get around. Plus he was very helpful in and getting me to Citi Field for the classic East concert.  I really cool guy. The room I stayed in was very clean and comfortable and quiet. Like he said....... It was a basement but I did not feel like I was in the basement I felt I was in a hotel room. Great to go to the airport! Nice place nice family  Great place, clean and friendly. Real close to shops if you them and not that far from the train. Great place for a reasonable price. Absolutely recommend! Clean place, easy to find, close to local bus stations Very nice guy clean place comfortable rest!  Very good place to stay! Giovanni is a easy going person, and make all effort for you fell at home It was exactly like as shown in the photos, Giovanni and his family was really great. The location was easy to find and you can go there by using subway and then taking a short walk(like 10 minutes) from the station. Giovanni was a good host, we were very comfortable with the room. Recommended. ¡Un gran sitio para estar de pasada! My coworkers and I stayed with Giovanni for the us open. His apartment is super convenient to LGA, the 7 train and easily walkable to places in queens and flushing. The apartment is clean, cozy, and Giovanni is great at communicating whenever we had a question or needed assistance. Its a very hospitable place to stay. We definitely felt like we were in a home not a hostel or hotel. :) We extended our stay due to hurricane travel issues and while Giovannis place books super fast on open dates we were so glad to be able to stay one more night :) Very good value!  The host was very hospitable.  The room was very clean and comfortable.  It would have been nice to have a small desk to work with my laptop (I think Giovanni can replace the dresser on the right side of the bed with a small desk).  Overall, it was a great value. super Giovanni is really nice and helpful. The apartment is tiny but the room is ok. Great place, super nice people! Giovanni had good recommendations for food.  beautiful accommodation, the perfect host. Im satisfied! Giovannis place is a great value! The portable air conditioner keeps the room nice and cool and the bed is comfortable. If youre not from New York keep in mind that this room is in Queens... a nice area with a great place to eat just on the corner... but its a long ways from all the New York sights youll want to see. I stayed there Friday night and kids yelled, made noise and played in a play area just outside my room until after 1 am, making it very difficult to sleep. My host was great, helping me find his place. Quiet room was handy to where I needed to be the next day. Would recommend to future travelers. Good place Giovanni was a very excellent host. Our stay in his place was like we were just in our own house. Felt really comfortable. He didnt treat us others and more like a family member NYC is a lot of walking so this place is the perfect place to rest after a tiring day. Very quiet and near to all the food stores and groceries. A short walking distance to bus stop but subway is 15 to 20 mins walk. Treat it as your everyday exercise. This place is highly recommended. Also, brought my 7 mos old baby with me and she never had a problem staying at this place Giovannis place was absolutely great. It was very convenient place to stay for my weekend trip and very easy to get from LGA to his place. He was a great host and if Im in the area again I will definitely stay. Lost for words as I had the greatest experience ever. I’ve never felt so comfortable while being hundreds of miles away from home. Great hospitality and refer this place to anyone who looks to come to NY. Felt like family Very clean, private, able to come and go as we please. Had a nice stay. The room was just like the picture. Giovanni is a welcoming and gracious host. He really makes you feel like a part of the family. Nice guy. Honest guy Giovanni is a great host! He’s very knowledgeable, kind, communicative and accurate with his information. I would recommend him to anyone wishing to spend a night or so in New York Their place was convenient , and he’s awesome for letting me check in early and also use their washer and dryer ..... the room was very clean as well! Thanks Very nice place clean and quite  Host was very nice Wow, this is the second not so great Airbnb I stayed in. When I arrived on Friday the host was confused about who I was and indicated that someone else already checked into my room. Once I got inside I talked to the co-host who also said someone else was in my room but she thought we were together. Once that was straight and I was inside I immediately noticed the amount of junk and clutter all throughout the house. My room was not that clean and there were long strands of hair on the sheets and floor. I went out to visit a friend so I didnt get back until 5 am and just wanted to sleep until close to checkout. I was awaken at 8:36 am by a man with an accent singing very loudly. Then, someone knocked on my room door twice which I was still trying to sleep and this was hours before checkout time. Overall I would never stay here again. The bathroom and shower looked so dirty, I didnt even shower before leaving. I guess you really do get what you pay for! Great place to stay Really nice place to stay if youre going to airport in the AM. Or if you want some real nyc flavor. We stayed just to have a good time in Manhattan. Ended up going to Long Island City, Williamsburg, Coney Island and Manhattan. Queens forces you to explore all places. Clean room Clean and quiet. Very nice good price This is my second time staying at giovanni’s Place and it was wonderful as always, he always lets me check in early , he even let me cook , and use whatever was in the house! His family and his hospitality was really great ! Definitely recommend ! Great place! This place is a great value for those looking to crash somewhere before flying out of LaGuardia the next day. Giovanni was also very accommodating in terms of my check-in time, which was a bit later than expected. Overall, it was a good place to stay for the price paid! Giovanni was an amazing host and the apartment was clean and as advertised. He was also available to answer any questions I had. I will highly recommend the place to anyone landing in LGA and needing a place to stay nearby. Overall, id recommend it. Giovanni and his family is great as usual ! Quick response , and very friendly , I’ve stayed here few times and love it Easy and friendly! Room was nice with no real issues He is a great host. Nice and clean. Will be recommended for people interested in finding place to stay near ny downtown. The place has a great large shower, spring bed, and storage to put away your things for the time :) Good place with best value Definitely recommend this place for the stay. The response time was very prompt, my cousin came from out of town to stay over, so according to him this place was very convenient close to the subway and very easy and clean. Would suggest to anyone to live in queens that would want to travel to the city in 45 mins or less... this place is just right for you. Giovanni is extremely hospitable. The space is really great. Giovanni was very welcoming and great to talk to he had great food recommendations. The place was comfortable and homey. Wonderful visit here! Clean, comfortable, relatively quiet, and water available. I definitely will be back. The place is very clean, the host is very helpful and it is in a good location. I would stay here again. I’ve stayed here several times and Giovanni’s place has always been great for me as a flight attendant , and my layovers . Even though he wasn’t there this time, he was very accommodating , responded really fast , and had great co host It’s easy to reach from airport by bus. The reply is quick,but the room is not very big.There are many stores nearby.Except the room and bathroom,the rest seems a bit messy Nice place, close to LGA This place was great. Gio replied very quickly. If you have a lot of luggage beware that there are stairs. Close to the airport, clean, nice and even accommodated our 11pm arrival! Everything was perfect!	1
370	"The apartment in Bay Ridge is wonderful; spacious, super clean, air conditioned and the fridge was full of fresh fruit when I arrived :)  The neighbourhood is amazing, there is a pier right down the street with the view of Manhattan skyline and Verazzano-Narrows Bridge, the bus right around the corner will take you to the R train or further down in Brooklyn. It will take you about 40 minutes to Manhattan, 30 minutes to Williamsburg if you catch the G train and only 15 to 20 minutes to Coney Island.   Jason is fantastic, he checks in every now and then by email or text to make sure everything is fine with the apartment, he is even mailing me a pair of pants I left behind (thank you Jason).  I am seriously thinking of renting the place again if I come back to NYC in Spring.  The best Brooklyn accommodation ever ! Nice place, highly recommended)  To everybody, who wants to live in Manhattan: Brooklyn is much better) Jason was the perfect host. Really helpful with providing directions to his place and kindly offered to meet us as Central Station to make sure we didnt get lost along the way.     His place is really nice - clean, spacious and in a safe neighbourhood. He was kind enough to set up his computer so we could use it to get on the internet and he made us feel very welcome. He also was great at recommending local bars and places we should visit.    Would definitely recommend.    Jason was very nice and helpful. Hes place was in a very great location close to park, shop and everything you need and in a safe neighborhood by the way. I recomand his apartement.    Jasons appartement was exactly the place we were looking for.   The neighborhood is calm and nice with everything you could need not far away and the appartement is warm and pretty. We felt like at home really quickly.     Jason was really nice and helpful everytime we needed. But he is also have a good sense of humour, we couldnt hope of a better host.  We spent 14 nights in Jasons apartment. Everything was quite alright, the apartment has everything you need if you are an active traveller and spend most of the time outing. Note the apartment is not equipped with a microwave oven, though its not a big shortcoming, especially for those who dont use it. Otherwise, the location is quite good, 10 minutes walk to the subway station, and the express bus to Manhattan stops nearby. Jason is good host too, very helpful and amicable. El apartamento está muy bien, tiene todo lo que puedes necesitar. La cama está en el salón, el baño es completo y la cocina tiene de todo.  El hecho de estar en Brooklyn no fue un inconveniente para visitar Manhattan, la parada de metro está a 10 minutos andando (o 3 minutos en un bus que para en la puerta de la casa) y el barrio es muy tranquilo y agradable, todo son casitas.  Jason fue muy amable y discreto, el primer día llegamos más tarde de la hora prevista y nos esperó sin problema. Estuvimos conectados por mail durante nuestra estancia y se interesó por nuestras visitas y nos recomendó lugares.  We had a nice stay at Jasons apartment, so I would recommend him for sure.   Very nice and safe area, lots of restaurants & groceries adds additional pluses to his hospitality. Great place, and quiet neighbourhood. The locals in brooklyn vere very helpful, and super nice!!! Sorry we missed to see Jason, but ok. We were very busy seeing New York. Very easy to take the subway and even the express bus. (Got to see more by bus, recommended) Thank you Jason... Best regards, Rita and Torild. Jason was a great host and made us feel very welcome, with everything from hotel-style toiletries in the bathroom to fresh fruit  and water in the kitchen. He was also very flexible about check-in and check-out times, and had good advice about restaurants and what to see in Brooklyn. The apartment was neat, clean, charming, and looked exactly like the posted photos. The area is friendly and quiet, right near the water with great views! There is a bus stop very close and subway not too far away. We would definitely stay here again. Thanks for everything, Jason! Jason was a really good host, and we had a really good time there. The appartment is as told in the add, and the neighbourhood is really nice. However it seems a little far from the center, the metro is a 10 minute walk and you can go anywhere from there.    Super!    We had a really good 11-day-stay at Jasons Apartment. The apartment is very charming, the pictures shows very well how it looks (without the flat screen). Living -/ sleeping room was fine, all well equipped with sheets, towels and a piano to play on, I only had to clean a little bit in the beginning in the kitchen and bathroom  The area is very nice and safe and quite, right near the water, with a great view to Verazzano-Narrows Bridge and Manhattan. Bus stop to Manhatten is 5min from the Apartment (30-40min to Manhattan), supermarkets and lots of restaurants close by.  Jason was very nice, always helpful and made us feel welcome.  So I would definitely recommend the apartment! This rental was my first experience on airbnb and it was great!  Jason was very responsive and was able to answer all of my questions quickly.  The neighborhood is quiet but everything you need (transit, grocery, cafes, restaurants, bars) is just a quick walk away!  The apartment was clean, well maintained and the building was quiet - I would definitely stay there again.  Thanks Jason! Jasons place was great! Close to everything,  and in a cute, quiet neighborhood. Theres a nice view of the bridge from the bedroom windows, and piano if youre musically inclined. Totally recommend, thanks again! Our Host, Jason Smukler was the nicest guy anyone would want to meet!!! He even arranged out of his busy day to meetup with me a day ahead to give me the keys to his place, which was just as I expected it to look and feel from the pictures and description online.    I rented his place as a vacation spot for a good friend of mines from out of town and myself to have a spot where we can enjoy ourselves for the weekend, be close to the city and downtown Brooklyn so we could easily shop, let my friend do the ""tourist"" thing and hang out in my favorite parts of Brooklyn & the L.E.S. & Midtown areas of the city with ease of travel by subway.    Jason was near but respected our privacy and was always only a text message away! He offered clean linens and all other amenities that we needed.      Im an artist and musician and my friend plays piano. So the piano was awesome entertainment for us while we prepped to go out and enjoy the nightlife NYC has to offer!     The view of the Verrazano Bridge was a perfect backdrop and memorable experience for my friend who was here in NYC to see me and celebrate her upcoming birthday!     I couldnt ask for a better price, location or kindness from the host!     This was my 1ST Airbnb reservation and I definitely would use Mr. Jason Smukler as host again!!!    Hes a perfect choice if youre looking for a COZY but SPACIOUS for 2, SAFE, QUIET, CONVENIENT & COMFORTABLE place to stay thats CLOSE TO THE BK & NYC ACTION!!!    I rate Mr. Jason Smuklers apartment and hosting a perfect 10 for any time of the year!    Jasons place was very comfortable and cozy. Located in Bay Ridge, the apartment isnt far from the many things to do in nyc. The bus stop is right around the corner which made it easy to get around. I would definitely stay here again next time Im in brooklyn.  Jasons Apartment is very cosy and clean. He is a really nice guy and always available. We had such a nice and awesome time in NYC. Bay Ridge is a nice area, very safe and close to Brooklyn. Manhattan is around 45 minutes away, the connection is very good. We would recommend to stay in Jasons apartment. You wont regret it. :) It was so lovely and warm staying at Jasons. Such a charming, cosy yet roomy apartment. The location was awesome. Cant praise this enough, after flights cancelled due to snow Jason was our saviour and let us stay longer. He was great at communicating, we felt very safe here. Was sad to leave our home away from home We really enjoyed our stay at Jasons! Me and my partner stayed for 12 nights and it felt like home. Jason was a great host, he gave us advice and directions how to get to his from the airport which was handy and made himself available for our arrival. Everything was as pictured, very clean and there was Jason has stocked up basics in the fridge for us which was lovely and had clean towels and sheets ready. There is a super huge tv with a Netflix account and the kitchen comes with everything you would need to cook (we didnt use any but handy to have). The appartent is very easy to get to from the subway station (10-15 min walk), where you can the train in to the city (roughly took about 45-60 mins) or around Brooklyn. For us it was an ideal location as we were more interested in exploring Brooklyn but it was handy to have on your door step. On the way to the subway, there are a few streets filled with restaurants and grocery shops, pizzerias, coffee and bagel shops so if you dont fancy venturing out far for dinner there is lots of options nearby. The actual aprtement is very comfortable to live in, there is a big wardrobe for your things (very helpful for long stays) the place was very big and airy and there was a full AC system which kept us cool. We felt very safe and at home throughout our whole visit, the neighbours said hello (mostly young professionals and families in the building) and we had regular communication with Jason, it was so nice of him to check in on us to make sure everything was grand! Overall, we would definitely stay with Jason again if we come to NY on holiday again. The place is great value for money, as long as you are happy with traveling a little bit to get places, which was ideal for us and normal within NY. The whole experience was stress free and I knew if I did need a hand with something Jason was just at the other end of the phone. Thank you again for a wonderful stay Jason!  Jason was absolutely incredible and so was his apartment!  It was the perfect location and just far enough outside of the city to enjoy the Bay Ridge area of Brooklyn.  He was such a gracious and helpful host before and during our stay.  Jason made us feel right at home and I recommend him and his apartment to anyone!  Cant wait to come back for a 2nd stay! :)  Jason was great! His apt was clean and the neighborhood is quiet! He was quick to respond to any questions we had during our stay! Would definitely recommend! Overall it was great staying with Jason. The area is great and his apartment is great. The stairs are killer but totally worth it!  Enjoyed 5 nights at Jasons apartment in Brooklyn. Bay Ridge was a quaint area with close proximity to public transportation to Manhattan (25-50 minutes depending on final destination). Jason was very accommodating and went above and beyond to make sure we had a stress free trip to New York.  Jasons apt. in Bay Ridge is the perfect way to see the big apple. Close to both Brooklyn and Manhattan Jasons spot allows you some quiet away from the bustle. Jason was exceptionally attentive and a terrific host. Would recommend highly if you are young looking to see the city. Jason made us feel like home in his lovely appartment :). He was very helpful and flexible with checking time, perfect for us! We would reccomand to live in his appartment to everyone. The area is very Nice too :).  Jasons place was wonderful for a low-budget, hassle-free trip to NY. It is within walking distance of some great restaurants and various forms of public transportation (the ferry being my favorite). The neighborhood is very quiet, safe and friendly. Parking can be tricky if you arent careful! Jason was super helpful from the very beginning, very easy to communicate with and always got back to you about any questions. Apartment was nice, not super close to NYC but it is pretty straightforward to get there. Nice location. Jason was a great host- super communicative and responsive. Nice place- very cozy and quiet and a super comfy bed"	1
371	Edward was very laid back, informative, welcoming, kind, and helpful! Room was very clean and the location is a good area, close to subway and multiple restaurants. He was very nice and helpful, and able to do me a favor with regards to arrival/departure times.    Few minute walk from the 1, A and C subway lines, as well as columbia medical center.    The room I stayed in was surprisingly spacious for a NYC apartment The room was just as pictured and felt more homely than I had expected. It was clean, spacious and very well laid out. Edward was extremely accommodating, friendly and gave my friend and I a nice run down of the room once we arrived.    Communicating with the host was always pleasant and all questions were met in a timely manner.     The subway is a short stroll away, as are a bunch of local eateries and Supermarkets. Places like McDonalds, Popeyes, Subway, Wendys, Chipotle etc. are just a stones throw away from there.    Suggestion: Try food from Malecon (restaurant) on Broadway. The Sancocho is great.     Overall, Id highly recommend this space!     A very cozy room. Warm Edward and Ms Lilian. Thank you! Nice place to stay in Manhattan!  it was exactly like the pictures show and edward was really kind. i enjoyed my stay there a lot .  We have a really nice stay at Edwards. He was a lovely host and he help us with everything. The place is really good situated and perfect to go to Manhattan. They make us feeling at home. I would totally come back again! We felt very welcome and really enjoied our time in NY and at Edwards place! Everything was like in the description and the metro and some supermarkets were very close.     Thank you, Edward and Lilian!    Edward was a very accommodating host! We booked same day and he hurried home to greet us because we were waiting to drop our bags so we could get to the sights! He also went out and bought an inflatable bed so that none of the three of us had to sleep on the floor. We were given keys to the room itself and they were flexible about us returning late without any issues. Checkout was a breeze and they even let us store our Katzs Deli leftovers (which we accidentally left behind. Darn!) in their fridge. We would definitely book here again and if Edward is ever in PHX we hope to return the favor! Edward and Lillian were fantastic hosts! The room looked exactly as pictured and was clean and comfortable. The location was super convenient. Couple blocks away from the subway and away from all the craziness of downtown.  Edward was also super flexible for our earlier check in and later check out times and responded to email requests in a timely manner. Would highly recommend his place! Edward is a kind host. Its a great experience. Edward and Lillian were very good hosts! The room looked exactly as pictured and was clean and comfortable, only the bathroom needed a little updating. We were given our own keys and they were flexible about us returning late without any issues. The location was very convenient, within walking distance to Columbia University Medical Center, the metro/subway and many restaurants choices. Edward was also super flexible with our check in and later check out times and responded to email requests in a timely manner. We would highly recommend his place! Thank you, Edward and Lilian! My stay at Edwards was perfect. The place is quite close to the sub way station and is very calm. The room was quite big and was very neat. The hosts were very kind and helping. I definitely recommend this place to everyone. The location was great and they were helpful in directing us to the important places in New York. They helped me by getting a print out for me, which was very essential for the ferry entrance! Edward and Lillian were great hosts. Special thanks to Edward for staying up late to welcome us since we werent able to arrive until around midnight. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. The A/C was a welcome contrast to the ridiculous heat outside. Edward was very hospitable and welcoming. Their apartment was very clean, and their room was lovely and comfortable. Their location was ideal for me, a few minutes away from the express A, and the local C and 1 trains. I very much recommend. Lilian is a great host, she is really friendly and polite. The house is clean and very close to the subway. We recommend this accomodation! I did not get a chance to meet Edward, but Lilian was super friendly and personable. She was considerate and made sure we had everything we needed. I felt like I was staying at my grandmothers. It was in the heat of August, so the rest of the house was pretty hot, but with the A/C and fan in the room, my family had no problem staying cool. I was a little uncomfortable with the neighborhood in the evening, but I came in before dark and stayed in, and had no issues. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a few nights in New York.  Muy accesible para coordinar mi llegada. El lugar es tal cual la foto. La ubicación es perfecta para moverte a cualquier parte de la ciudad. Son muy amables y consientes. Me encanto!! :) Edward was a great host. His place is clean and confortable, feels like home. The bedroom has a confortable space for even 4 people. The neighborhood looked safe and clean with a good amount of options to eat breakfast or even lunch. There is a subway station 3 minutes away that goes everywhere you want in manhattan. There was a problem with the bathroom door not closing all the way, but it was a building problem. Overall a great stay. Host is good but bathroom door was broken and will not be able to close. Neighborhood is not good as you see many drunkard. Very nice stay. The room was comfortable. A/C, Direct TV and Wi-Fi worked very well. Edward was very helpful. I definitely recommend it Edward and Lilian were very nice to us. They were able to help in everything we needed. I strongly recommend Edward as a host. Excelente, el cuarto es igual al de las fotos, Edward muy accesible y nos ayudo en todo lo q necesitanos. El proximo vieje a NY me volveria a quedar ahi. The hostess was very nice.  The room was as described.  Neighborhood was friendly and safe.  The lighting in the room was very poor.  We were unable to read in bed at night. Edward and Lillian were super friendly and willing to help. The apartment was very clean and comfortable. Their location was a few minutes away from the express A, and the local C and 1 trains. We recommend this accomodation! He was such a nice host.   His place was clean and cozy.   He was so flexible about check-in and check-out time.   We had a great time at his place.   Thanks Edward! Edward and his mother Lilian are amazing hosts that really make the stay nice.  He brought a table and chairs into the very spacious room, and changed the light to make it brighter.  The bathroom was clean and the kitchen was well-stocked.  My mother had some great conversations with Lilian, and I had some restful nights.  5min walk to 168th st station AC 1, easy access to downtown.  Street parking wasnt terribly hard to find. Edward & his mom are very kind and really helpful! We had great time in NYC. Thanks for every thing! Love NYC and will be back for sure Excelente lugar para hospedarse en New York, muy cerca del metro, muy bien,buena atención y siempre pendientes si ocupábamos algo, la verdad es muy cómoda y es igual a lo que se ve en la foto. Muy rápido se llega al centro y muy seguro la verdad se lo recomiendo a cualquier persona que quiera conocer New York!!! This is a really good place to stay. Its located close to a subway station that has access to downtown. We had no issues during our stay and the place had everything we were looking for. Some people have commented on the neighborhood but in my opinion those comments are not accurate, we came in from downtown every night around 2-3am and had no issues with safety or feeling uncomfortable. All in all a great place to stay if youre planning a trip to New York.  It was a perfect place to end up our trip in us. Edward and his mom Liliane have been amazing with us and really caring! The appartement is really clean, the bathroom well refurbished. Room is big, clean, comfy and quiet. Well connected to central (20Minutes) by the A or C line Also connected to JFK airport so really useful. The area is nice and quite with a nice park just behind the building. Personally havent feel insecure even if it looks a bit dodgy at night. Really great value. Highly recommended and will come back with great pleasure! Edward and his mom were great hosts! They are so friendly and generally very quiet, so we didnt actually hear them during our stay.  Our party of three stayed in a bedroom that was much larger than we had imagined (considering that NYC apartments tend to be so cramped!). We had a large bed (either queen or king, not sure) shared between two of us and an inflatable mattress on the ground for the third person. A fourth person could have very easily fit on the air mattress. The room contains a large flat screen tv as well as two dressers with all empty drawers--plenty of space for all our belongings. The restroom is newly remodeled and kept VERY clean. The apartment and the building in general are super quiet; I was beginning to think that we were being too loud at 1am even with our regular talking voices! I suppose that didnt bother Edward because he didnt say a thing. ☺️  I was in NY to visit Columbia Medical Center specifically and I was pleasantly surprised to find that the medical center is only a 5 minute walk from Edwards place. We also went into town several times, and that was only 20-25 minutes on either the A train or the 1 train. The train station is only 2-3 blocks away from here so super convenient.  If were in town in the future and need a place to stay we will definitely be coming back to Edwards place!  Edward and his mom are super nice! Their place is close to public transportation and grocery stores, although on budget, we enjoyed our time here! I selected this room because it was advertised as clean Edwards mom takes pride in keeping a very clean place I was very satisfied and appreciated their commitment to top notch hospitality and cleanliness El trato es excelente. La habitación súper amplia, en si todo el departamento muy cómodo y súper cerca del subte. Una gran opción!!! Gracias  The bedroom is cozy and the bed is so confortable. The Edwards mother is so funny and welcoming. I love to stay there. Edward was a true gentleman. He was very easy to communicate with. He and his mom took care of every need whether it was me borrowing an umbrella or s space heater. They respected my privacy . Room was very spacious and. Lean with plenty of storage and dressers. It was a very safe neighborhood with Columbia university 5 minutes walk.  I spent 6 nights ! I would recommend this place. Edward went out of his way to welcome me .  I like the quiet space of the house, the location is quite near the Subway station and the bus station. The host is friendly with the clean room. If I had the opportunity to go to New York with a two person trip, I would hope to stay in this room. Lillian and her son Edward were very nice and accommodating, We did not get in till about 1:30-2am and she answered her phone and let us in.  We got towels for the shower, our one set of keys to apt entrance, apt and our room.  She gave us umbrellas to use when it rained and her and her son always told us to ask for anything and they were available (Website hidden by Airbnb)  The only thing that was not so great was the noise upstairs.. if you are a very light sleeper, I suggest ear plugs.    Other than that,my son and I had a very pleasant stay and would come back again if needed!!!    Perfect hosts! The host allowed us to leave our luggage early in the morning before check in time which helped with our schedule. The place is located within 5 minutes walk to the 168th station on AC line. Very clean room and bathroom and quiet at night for sleeping. Overall, fantastic value. This is by far the best Airbnb weve stayed in. Lillian is an incredible host, so warm and generous. The room has everything you need including a table and chairs which came in handy each morning for breakfast. The bed is super comfy! The apartment is kept immaculately clean. Location wise, its only a short walk to the subway where you can catch an express A train downtown in no time.  We loved it here so much we extended our stay by 4 nights. Highly recommended.  My family and I had a lovely time here. Everything was just as it was described and their expectations were very clear. Close to the subway and large room. Everything we needed!  We enjoyed Lillians place very much. The bed was super comfy, the room was spacious, there was plenty of closet space, and we liked having the bathroom right next to our room. We felt like we were staying at a friends place as Lillian was friendly and accommodating, but she also gave us privacy. We would be happy to stay here again. Thanks again, Lillian! . lillian特别友好,第一天因为一些原因到的有些晚,她也一直耐心的等我们。环境特别干净,很好! We enjoyed our stay with Lillian.  The room was clean and Lillian was responsive and courteous.  The neighborhood was just fine.  We came to NYC to see a Yankees game, and it was great to spend the night there and not have to make a late night trip home.  Thanks very much. Lugar tarnquilo y confortable para despues de un largo día de paseo. Cerca del metro y autobús. Los anfitriones, Lilian y Edward son personas muy accesibles y  amigables. Recibimos apoyo en todas las dudas que tuvimos. Lillian is a fantastic host, and her son Edward made our experience wonderful!   The room is very clean and fresh, and we had wi-fi and a large tv on the wall. The decorations were classy and a nice touch. We especially liked the red table and 2 chairs to have snacks on after our concert.   The best part of our experience was the communication, both Edward and Lillian were prompt and responsive yet not at all intrusive. It was just the right balance, and professional.   The streets were expectedly busy, but it was surprisingly quiet in the apartment building. We were able to sleep well. The bed was comfortable, and the sheets, pillows, and comforter were cozy.   We plan to visit New York again and will definitely stay here! Very clean and spacious room with a super comfy bed. Quiet and close to NYP. Great hosts.  The neighborhood was quiet at night, and the apartment is near a police station, so no worries about safety. We were welcomed warmly by Lillian and Edward and were given ample amount of privacy during our stay. Definitely recommend! Very nice, great location for med center, very conscientious hostess and delightful. Edward and Lillian are nice people, we had good time there. I recommend them Place is nice and big. Very clean too. 5 min walk from subway. Surrounding is safe even at night. Would recommend this to my friends. Good job lily. Thanks for being a nice host. Will definitely come back here. Lillian was really helpful and flexible on check-in arrangements last minute. The bedroom is very clean, spacious and well appointed. Lilian is a very kind, friendly host and her place is simply perfect. Very clean room with a wonderful host. Perfect for a quick trip to New York! Genial nuestra estancia en el alojamiento de Lillian. La habitación como sale en las fotografías. Todo genial y Lillian muy agradable. Nos ayudó en cuanto pudo. 100% recomendable. Llegamos con mi novia al apartamento de Lilian y tuvimos una breve bienvenida e introducción a la casa, pudimos usar la cocina y nos fue de mucha utilidad porque NY puede ser muy costosa. El cuarto es muy comodo con tv, aire acondicionado y un ventilador de techo. Tuvimos mucha privacidad y la estación de metro quedaba a 5 minutos caminando. Todo muy bien. Good location close to train in nice neighborhood, parks and delis nearby. Easy check-in and -out, clean and spaceous accomodation. Everything was great :) De toda confianza!!! La habitacion es mas amplia de como reflejan las fotografias, con suficientes muebles para colocar ropa, enseres, etc... un barrrio tranquilo, sin ruidos; cerca del metro, con muy buena comunicacion y distintos lugares para almolzar. Sobre todo, a descatar positivamente, la amabilidad durante toda la estancia por parte de la anfitriona y la limpieza. Gracias a Lillian por hacernos sentir como en casa!!! I had a wonderful stay! I explained my trip would have me at late nights and early mornings and Lillian was super quick to respond all the time and was very flexible with everything. The bed was super comfy and the room was huge, lots of storage available. Really close to a couple of subway stations and way cheaper than staying at a hotel. Lillian and her son have the perfect balance of comfort and privacy down, I would highly recommend staying here. Amazing location, wonderful host. I will definitely use her home again for my next trip to New York. She was an amazing hostess. Lillians place was comfortable, clean, and quiet. The location is great...close to the train. Easy to get to the city. Nice neighborhood. I would highly recommend staying here. Great location, great host, what more can you ask for. It was amazing! Me gusto mucho hosperdarme con Lillian ya que ella es amable y respetuosa y nos dio buenos consejos para nuestra estancia en Nueva York. El apartamento esta muy cerca de la estacion del metro que te lleva directo a manhattan en 30min aproximadamente, dependiendo a donde vayas y si es el servicio express. Hay tiendas de conveniencia y restaurantes cercanos al alojamiento para desayunar y cenar por ahi. Es bastante tranquilo por la noche para caminar por el rumbo y la gente de por ahi es amable tambien, yo iba sola con mi hijo de 8 años y nos sentimos seguros en todo momento. El cuarto es bastante confortable, el colchon es super comodo y tiene una pantalla grande para relajarse despues de caminar por Nueva York. Si volviera a ir a Nueva York volveria a elegir el alojamiento de Lillian. I would love to stay again I was looking for a safe, clean and affordable place where I can spend the night after spending my days in the Art Museums. Lillians place was perfect. It is comfortable, clean and easy to get to. I can see that Lillian was very thoughtful in the way she setup the room. Everything was there to make a travelers life a little more comfortable. I highly recommend it! Grande chambre agreable proche des transport. Lilian and her son, a NYC firefighter are very nice hosts.  The room is large with an extra comfortable bed.  The room appears newly renovated with newer pieces of furniture.  Everything is well thought out from the large tv, roll of paper towel, 2 large bath towels, garbage bags, dining table and chairs, etc.  The location of the apartment is next to the police station and is very convenient to the subway--about 2.5 blocks.  It is also 2 blocks away from Columbia University School of Nursing and a hospital which is a little further away.  It is an ethnic neighborhood with small family owned restaurants which are a delight to discover from the Dominican Republic cuisine to Delis run by middle Eastern proprietors, to the best fried chicken place in NYC, in my opinion, on Amsterdam Avenue. It is also a neighborhood under gentrification, so hopefully, it does not lose its charm. Super séjour, je recommande !! Chambre bien équipée et propre.  Super accueil ce qui est très agréable Great place to stay! Clean and comfortable. Convenient location for access to Manhattan Awesome!!! Will book again!! Great!	1
372	The host canceled this reservation 18 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Amazing host! Let us in early, held our luggage all day!  The host canceled this reservation 279 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Clean well-situated with responsive owner Great location - clean enough but too small for a family of 4. Converted studio to 2 bedroom. Beds very close to the walls. Safety issue with young children and the windows. Budget category as no extras provided other than a bed with sheets and a sitting room- no outlook. 	0
373	This was a great air b&b experience!! We booked super last minute and Meredith responded to us quickly and was very accommodating. The apartment is beautiful and spacious, very close to the subway and close to lots of great restaurants. We would definitely stay here again.  Meredith was a great host and her apartment exceeded our expectations.  She was very flexible about meeting to give over the keys and our check-out time.  She even suggested a few places to have dinner - one of which we ended up going to - and it was great. The apartment was spotless and the bathroom is one of the nicest Ive seen in NY.  The rooms were roomy and cozy.  The apartment is in a very convenient location from the subway and was close to the Barclays Center - which was our main reason for being in town.  We were only in the city for a short while but everything was great and we would definitely stay there again - in a heartbeat.  This was a great apartment--its stylishly decorated and comfortable.     Its located close to the subway on a safe street in an up-and-coming neighborhood. Parking on the street was easy enough.     Meredith was a great host who is easy to reach.      What you see is what you get. Merediths description of the apartment is 100% correct. We stayed there for 3 comfortable nights. No noisy neighbors, quiet street and most of all, she takes care of her place.  Thank you Meredith. El apartamento cumplió con lo esperado, estaba limpio, ordenado y completo según lo ofrecido. Tanto el edificio como el barrio nos eran conocidos y cumplíeron nuestras expectativas. Definitivamente lo recomendamos a otras personas interesadas y nosotros volveríamos a alquilarlo.  Meredith was a great host.  She reached out to us a week before our trip to coordinate our checking in and was very flexible with both check in and check out times.  The apartment was super clean, comfortable and exactly as described in the listing which was perfect for our needs!  The neighborhood was quaint and convenient and she gave some great recommendations based on our interests.  I would definitely stay at Merediths again if I found myself in Brooklyn! Lappartement de Méredith est très agréable à vivre et très fidèle aux photos. Tout est extrêmement clean et léquipement est très complet. Il est situé dans un très joli immeuble situé dans un quartier très agréable de Brooklyn avec un maximum de commodités. Métro au bout de la rue, facilité pour rayonner à pied. Je recommande très fortement cette adresse. Meredith a été de plus une hôte très agréable et toujours disponible pour nous.     This Apartment is a lovely place very well situated in Brooklyn just near Metro station. Everything is very clean with all the commodities inside. Meredith was wonderful with us and always available for us. I highly recommand this adress.  Merediths desciption of her apartment was very accurate.  We ver much enjoyed our stay.  It was very quiet, clean, and very comfortable.  It was very convenient to very good restaurants, grocery stores, Prospect Park and the subway. Mereidth responded quickly and arranged for key pick-up.  Our sons apartment was only one block away.  We would definitely like to stay at Mereidths apartment again if it is available.  We really enjoyed staying at Merediths place. The apartment is exactly as listed here and was quiet, clean, and comfortable. Meredith was flexible and easy too coordinate with. We also enjoyed the neighborhood - close to Prospect Park, great restaurants nearby, and a fun neighborhood to walk around in. Would recommend staying here! The host canceled this reservation 28 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Apartment looked like in pictures, nice and clean as well. Close to both C and G trains. Meredith was helpful and everything went smoothly.  Kohteen kuvaus vastasi hyvin todellisuutta. Asunto oli viihtyisä ja kauniisti sisustettu. Sijainti oli loistava, metropysäkki lähellä ja monet  Brooklynin alueet kävelyetäisyyden päässä.    Yhteydenpito Meredithin kanssa oli helppoa ja vaivatonta ja avaimen luovutukset sujuivat kätevästi. Meredith was flexible and prompt about getting me the keys; and her home is incredibly organized, quiet (windows dont face the street and there arent any rambunctious neighbors), comfortable and clean. The space is bigger than you can tell in the photos, too. An elevator in the building was a definite plus, and the subway is just at the end of the block. There was plenty within walking distance, as well. Youll enjoy your stay! Merediths place was clean, conveniently located and bigger than the photos. Nice and quiet with lots of great bars and restaurants around. Nice neighborhood feel. Would certainly go back. Thanks!  We had a great time staying at Merediths apartment in Clinton Hill. The apartment was clean, spacious, and absolutely darling. It was the perfect place to stay for a girls weekend in the city. Meredith had great recommendations for restaurants and bars in the area and the apartment was very close to the train making it very easy to get around.  We loved Merediths apartment.  Not only was the apartment exactly as described, if not better, but the location and neighbourhood were brilliant. The nearest subway station, with a direct line into Manhattan, is no more than a minutes walk from the apartment.  The neighbourhood is great. Lovely restaurants, bars and convenience stores a short distance away (the convenience stores are next to the subway station) Prospect Park, which is also lovely and full of runners every morning, is only half a mile away.   Meredith was great. We didnt land until around 8pm and didnt get to the apartment until 10pm and she was waiting for us. She also allowed us to stay a little later on the check out day which was really appreciated.   Make sure you book this place, lovely apartment, great location and great host. We hope to come back to this amazing city soon and will be checking this apartment is still available.  Meredith made us feel very welcome. It was probably a little more challenging because she herself was out of town the weekend we came in. However, we appreciated that Meredith checked in with us and was able to make arrangements for us to be let in to the apartment upon arrival. The listing description is accurate. Its a great apartment as described, in fact, the photos do not do the attention to detail and size of the apartment justice. Clinton Hill is a cool Brooklyn neighborhood. Merediths apartment is right across the street from one of the most popular bars in the neighborhood right now, close by to other fun bars and good restaurants as well, and its walking distance to Prospect Park. We had a great time and really enjoyed staying in Merediths apartment. We loved Merediths apartment! Its beautifully decorated, spacious and one block from the subway. When back in the area we would definitely stay here again.  Such a clean and large apartment in an awesome location close to subway. Host was very easy to communicate with. I would definitely stay here again! Meredith is great at communicating throughout the entire process and stay. Her apartment is less than a block from the C line which will take you basically anywhere. Its a very quiet neighborhood & building with several healthy/organic markets two blocks away. The bed is super comfy and everything is very clean. The kitchen has all of the things youll need for cooking which is a big plus.  We would definitely stay again! I booked Merediths place for a weekend away for my parents. Merediths place was clean, quiet, and comfortable for their home base while exploring Brooklyn. Meredith was easy to communicate with and responded promptly.  Great space! Located on the back side of the building so street noise was barely audible. Super comfy bed. Modern style. Great books. Communication was super easy. Would definitely stay here again! Great spot in a fun part of Brooklyn!  Easy communication, flexible when flight delays changed my schedule.  Super comfortable, sunny, and quiet.  Easy walk to coffee, food, and bars.  Right on the C, so easy to pop into Manhattan.  Excellent overall! Merediths apartment was lovely! Its spacious, clean, and quiet despite being well-situated near all the amenities of Brooklyn. Meredith was also fast to respond and super accommodating. I highly recommend her place and hope to stay again when next in Brooklyn! Great place for a great price! Spacious, clean, and in a quiet area. The only issue was something was wrong with the water pressure for the sinks/shower but other than that it was perfect, would definitely stay again! A beautiful and spacious Brooklyn apartment.  It is on a quiet side street, but either way there are avenues with many food, bar, and activity choices.  The apartment itself was very clean and nicely furnished.  Its also incredibly close to the subway, and I found street parking a block away.  Overall, quite the success. Meredith was amazing and so was her place. She provided everything we needed and shes in a great and convenient location. I would definitely stay there again. Meredith place was more spacious than it looked in the photos. Very clean and tidy. Decorated beautifully and quality cookware in the kitchen. Subway was within walking distance. So many good restaurants were around to choose from. Communication was on time. Next time when I come to NYC I will definitely stay at your house  Stellar apartment in a wonderful location! From day one Meredith was quickly communicative, and she went out of her way to provide certain necessities (she had available) that we needed on our trip.  The apartment is quite spacious, very comfortable, well decorated, and it smelled so good! A strange observation perhaps, but I appreciated it. We stayed on a warm muggy weekend, so the air-conditioning was very welcomed. Everything was very neat, dust free and tidy, and the bathroom was very clean. Other notable things: Lovely large kitchen, wine store just down the block, within very quick walking distance to restaurants, seeing a show at BAM? - this is the place to stay, its so close! Loved the roominess, proximity to subway, quiet neighbors, pet friendly, well decorated, good kitchen and supplies, good radiator heaters (we were there in December) Things to note : it’s NY so there is noise outside, sounded like kids, but regular neighborhood sounds, water temperature is a little tricky.	1
374	"In true New York fashion, this is a teeny tiny studio. But the host is very flexible and friendly (and quite easy to get a hold of), the location is wonderful, and the space itself has quite a cute little homey charm. Could use a few more finishing touches but overall I was quite pleased with my stay here! Thank you!! Great location to the subway station and to Central Park and trader joe’s! Definitely a one person space. Furnishing is nice and clean and cute. Definitely would book again Kseniya’s place was in the perfect location! Literally down the st from Central Park and the train. If your looking for a quaint and comfortable place to rest to stay in New York the price is unbeatable. The room was adorable, clean, and in a great location. There were snacks, tea, and we were welcomed to use the rooms amenities to feel at home. It was absolutely perfect for a short stay in the city. The space is small, but the location cant be beat! Kseniya and her girlfriend are nice but the problem is that the place that I supposed to book was not able so they move me to a different apartment (than the booked in airbnb) with a construction going on next to the apartment. Also the apparment was having a leak on the window so the cold air passed through and got me sick on my holidays. There were not natural light at all in the apparment Small, but cozy room. Great for a one - night stay over in NYC! Kseniya is beyond an amazing host. She promptly met me at the unit (early) and was overwhelmingly friendly. She had everything spotless and provided all amenities you could possibly need. Wish I could give 10 stars! Thanks again for an incredible stay. You will have a hard time finding a better location, cozier space, excellent value, or friendlier host! I felt ""at home"" the moment I arrived. Dont hesitate to book this place. Clean, inviting, little extras (tea, dishes, toiletries, continental breakfast), & an easy check-in & check-out. Id stay again in a heartbeat. Thanks, Kseniya! :) Nice small place near Central Park Everything as expected.  Cute and small spot in great neighborhood. Worth the price. Wonderful location! Host went out of her way to get keys to us and the place was very clean. Would definitely recommend! Great location.  Close to subway, 24hrs drugstore, grocery and restaurants. Kseniyas place was great! A little smaller than expected but definitely worth the price. Great location down the street from Central Park along a nice street with plenty of shops and cafes and a Starbucks conviniently located across the street. Would recommended! Cute & Cozy! However, we wish that there were cooking utensils— the fridge was also not working. Nice place close to everything. Great communication. Great location. Great value. Thanks! Kseniya has a great location and a cozy, comfortable place. It was very clean and communication was very easy. Easy check in. Very clean. Minutes away from trains. Highly recommended if you’re hitting any museums by the Park. Great location - easy to access different subway lines and take a quick stroll around Central Park. Exactly what you need for a sight seeing weekend in NYC - no frills but clean bed & bathroom with fridge to store leftovers from all the good eats.   Kseniya was really helpful in figuring out how to get us the keys & working with our schedule.   We would stay here again, no question! Very cozy place and super great location. Near public transit and lots of good restaurants nearby. I had a great stay at Kseniya’s place on a business trip! The space is great for one person and the location was very accessible and close to some great restaurants and Central Park. The neighborhood felt very safe and I enjoyed being able to walk everywhere.  I would recommend!"	1
375	Great experience. Darren was incredibly hospitable and the apartment is in an ideal location near shops restaurants bars etc. The wifi was good and there is AC.  The host canceled this reservation 8 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Darren was a great host! The room was exactly as the picture, and the bed was really comfortable and the linen very soft. The location is perfect, even if you walk or take subway. At night theres a lot of people, restaurants and bars where you can hang out to. Darren and Caroline were very kind to me, they were very accessible to ask for anything, but they also give you the space to do by your own, and I really appreciated that. Darren was very flexible with the check out times and he made my last day so much easier and relaxed as planned.  I highly recommend this room/host! The house is exactly as the photos! The bed is very comfortable and the room very quiet. Good wifi. Very well located! I had SUCH a good stay at Darrens place.  The apartment is perfectly located in the middle of the coolest part of the city. It is quiet so you get to sleep late if you wish, totally clean, and all the facilities works great.  Darren is an amazing host - he gave me all the tips I needed and we had a few hours of interesting conversation. I would DEFINITELY recommend this place, and looking forward coming here again in my next trip.  The host canceled this reservation 10 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	0
376	The reservation was canceled 3 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Ryans place was absolutely perfect for our weekend in New York. The check-in was easy, the apartment was warm and tidy, and the location couldnt have been better! Thanks again for a wonderful experience! Ryan made me feel very welcome staying here. He was very easy to communicate with and the place really surpassed my expectations. Overall 5 stars. The apartment was adorable and exactly as described on the listing and even more.The checkout and the communication was really easy and we had no issues. The area is great, lots of restaurants and beautiful places to walks. We will definetly try again to stay in that apartment if well be in the area. Thank you Ryan. We had an amazing stay at Ryans appartment. It was well situated in a beatiful building. I highly recommend it.  We had a very pleasant experience staying at Ryans apt. The location was very ideal and the apt itself is cozy. We definitely recommend Ryans apt to anyone visiting NYC  Great location and very comfortable space.  Ryan was quick to respond to any questions we had.  Would definitely stay there again. Lappartamento risponde alle foto pubblicate.  Non abbiamo incontrato Ryan, ma le comunicazioni sono state veloci.  anche il check-in e il check-out sono stati pratici e agevoli.    Abbiamo apprezzato la disponibilità di Ryan nel farci lasciare i bagagli in casa, fino allora di pranzo del giorno che abbiamo fatto il check-out.  	1
377	Place was great,clean and Selena was wonderful host.Place is few stations from manhatten and is close to anywhere you wanna go.  Very clean place. Loved that. The host is friendly and the subway connection to Manhattan is great. Very good price to value ratio. Selena is an absolute great host! She was very understanding and offered me help when I needed something. We sometimes hung out in the living room after work and just relaxed. I had a very pleasant stay. Would definitely stay with her again. Selena is a wonderful host; very kind and friendly. The place was nice and lovely and we really enjoy our stay. The place is really close to public transit so its not a problem at all to travel back and forth to downtown and attractions. The neighborhood is safe even in the night. The beds are great too. Thank you so much Selena! :) The host canceled this reservation 28 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. We had a great stay in Sunnyside! It was easy to get in to the city via the 7 line, located just one block away, and the neighborhood was quiet and safe. Selena was a very nice and accommodating host and the room was very clean and well ACd :) The host canceled this reservation 20 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.	1
378	The room is clean and the location is convenient. The host is very friendly and wed like to come back next time. Highly recommend. I will not recommend this one. Host did not take our phone for about 45 minutes after we arrived, and blanket sheets were not changed.  the hot water wasnt working, but overall it was better than the average in flushing.  I am not familiar in what standards Airbnb imposes on the listings but this place that we stayed this past weekend was not located in the United States. I felt that I was in the third world country. I have stayed at the Airbnb before and had good experience but this apartment does not come near compare to what Airbnb offers. Unless you are desperate or don’t mind spending a night experiencing third world living, rent this place. This place does not even deserve ½ star. Not recommended. Great location close by restaurants Good, not very clean,but still better than many other places.	0
379	The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Shes a people person very helpful with every thing I needed to make me feel welcomed Felicia was really eager to help us have a good time. She was helpful with any questions we had from the get-go and had no problem with us checking in early to catch a Broadway show for New Years Eve. However, the problem we ran into was a lack of communication during check in, which caused us to be 30 minutes late to the show. That sucked. A lot. I had written her the night before, and while we were on our way. I hadnt gotten an official confirmation back with her, but we had agreed on 12 noon when I asked for an early check in before. She told me no problem. I wrote her to say that traffic for New Years was terrible and we were running late, but still no response. When we arrived, it was a neighbor of hers who actually got us in contact. Then we waited another 30 minutes before the person she arranged to bring the keys showed up. That was really chaotic and rough. Id say as long as you guys exchange exact details about arrival beforehand then you should have no problems. Felicia was otherwise very helpful and stayed in contact with us well before and after the incident during check in. Her place was just as we expected from the photos. She even left us a bottle of wine! The Netflix and amazon accounts were unavailable, but thats an easy fix on her part. I will say that the radiator is broken and can be a little noisy if you keep it on during the night. We just turned it off and it was still nice and warm. Overall, our experience was fine. Chaotic, but fine. Fun staying in the Bronx if you never have before.  I absolutely LOVED my stay at Felicias. It felt like home away from home. She was so attentive to all my questions and was super sweet. Check in was breezy. Fully equipped kitchen, bathroom, it was all up to par. I am definitely coming back every time I need some peaceful time to myself. :) The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Felicia is a good host. The host canceled this reservation 17 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Host cancelled 9 hours before we were due to show up. Given that three people and a nine day trip were involved, logistics were difficult for us to handle for this.	1
380	Great place, and location. Subway and bus are near. Authentic mexican food in the neighborhood. He was in constant comunication and since it was my first time in NY his directions and recommendations were very helpful. Enjoyed a lot the experience. Highly recommended.  The apartment is nice, but the bathroom could be cleaner, especially the carpet. We havent met bryan, but we texted and organization was fine. The subway is near and easy to find :) Hello  My stay at Bryan house was good. Bryan leave me is appartement for almost a week and I stay with a good company hes cat Phaedra  For a person who discover New-York like me and want a place to chill and sleep this place are right  Bryan was  very helpful very organized you could not get lost lol   He ´s a real gentleman  Ich war mit einer Freundin eine Woche lang in Bryan`s Apartment. Das Bett war sehr gemütlich und bequem.  Das Ein- und Auschecken hat super geklappt. Bryan war immer erreichbar, obwohl er selbst für eine Woche im Urlaub war. Selbst aus weiter Ferne hat er uns Tipps für unseren Aufenthalt gegeben. Das Badezimmer könnte etwas sauberer sein. Für eine Sightseeing-Reise reicht die Unterkunft vollkommen aus. Die Subway war schnell erreichbar.  Thank you, Bryan!! Bryan got back to us almost right away. He couldnt be there himself over our stay (it was Christmas) and made a video for checking-in for us, which was a great help. His roommate Dana was friendly and open. The description is very accurate and we had no trouble finding the place. Great place to stay. Affordable, close to subway (5-10 minute walk). Spacious room. Even though we didnt meet bryan, he was a great host who was easy to reach. The room is on the streetside which can be noisy. Loved patsys pizza just next door! Bryans place is amazing! My boyfriend and I drove from Michigan to NYC for Governors Ball, and the location of the apartment was perfect! We were able to walk across the bridge to get to the festival and took both the subway and Ubers to get around the city. The apartment was clean and friendly, and Bryans eclectic style was refreshing and interesting!  There is roof access at the apartment and one night my boyfriend and I got locked out at 2:00 AM. We called Bryan and he immediately came over to rescue us and ensure we were alright. Hes a great host, highly recommend!  Great place, close to 116th station, would definitely recommend! Bryan is quite a great host! He goes out of his way to help and is available on text and call! Handy to transport and pretty convenient to get to lower Manhattan etc. Apartment in good and safe area good for people who want To have a crash in nyc (because we spent most of the time walking everywhere in the city). About 8 min from the subway which drives you To central park, time square, empire state building, brooklyn bridge or wall street. Apartment warm  (important during the blizzard....) and warm welcoming upon arriving ... thank you for all !!	1
381	The host canceled this reservation 16 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Nice apartment in a great area! Great location in Park Slope and cute, spacious home. However our favorite part was the back patio area--it was perfect for our two small dogs. We had a great time and Declan and Maria were helpful and accessible. We really hope to be able to stay here for our next visit to Brooklyn! Excellent location, next to prospect park, the subway, shops and restaurants. Declan and his family were very helpful during our stay.  This is a great base for anyone wanting to explore Brooklyn. Many vibrant neighbourhoods are easily walkable and for longer trips the subway is only a short block away. The apartment living area is more spacious than the photos suggest and the kitchen is well-equipped if you ever plan to eat in. A supermarket and pharmacy are metres away and coffee spots can be found on each corner. Definitely recommended. ** If you have pet allergies, note that you will need anti-histamine. The apartment regularly has pets staying and the furnishings absorb the fur. Nice place, very spacious rooms and a very well equipped kitchen. Great location. We had a little misunderstanding regarding a small issue but we could work it out.  Declan was very helpfull and kind. This is an older apartment, but it was comfortable and convenient. The neighborhood is great. Great location!!! This apartment is located in a beautiful neihborhood with lots of great conveniences and a very safe environment for most good and peaceful people.  The area is surprisingly clean for NYC, and actually reminded me more of Boston in its cleanness and style.  The hosts were outstanding and very flexible to let me add on a night at the last minute.  They are very friendly and really make you feel like family by going above and beyond the expected, for example they offered to let me use their coal and supplies for the grill out back.  The comparatively low price per day makes this place a real hidden gem for most people, and I highly recommend it for families and people who don’t go outside at night.  There is a large police and secret service presence because the mayor lives somewhere near by, so the area feels very safe during the day, but unfortunately, unlike anything else I’ve ever experienced in Brooklyn, police officers harass you if you go for a walk to catch some air or smoke at night.  It’s really disheartening when the people who usually make you feel safe and secure in their presence decide to turn on you and make you feel threatened.  For example, they pull up next to you and drive really slowly right next to you while staring at you for a couple blocks, others follow you around on foot and make a point to keep passing by you and veer towards you as they walk by, and others still try to scare you by speeding up extremely fast when they drive by you and then backing up to right where you are walking and then speeding forward again repeatedly.  They do this in police cars as well as black windowed undercover cars until you feel intimidated and go home.  Unfortunately, despite the excellent hosts and the gorgeous and convenient area, this behavior ruined my experience because I like to take walks at night.  Not a good area for people who like to enjoy a peaceful reflective walk at night, but highly recommended for anyone who doesn’t leave the house after midnight.	1
382	Micheal was very nice and helpful. The rooms are comfortable, one has its own bathroom. The host also let me use the spacious living room for a small gathering. I had a great stay. Will be staying again. As advertised. We were not there long, mostly just to sleep. Michael was very friendly and helpful. We would stay again Michael was a good host. He gave us extra mattress on asking and was okay with our flexible check in time. However, we faced few issues in house like cleanliness and bathroom lock was not working, The bed covers were not clean. Lappartement est assez bien situé à cinq minutes du métro. Quartier assez calme mais pas spécialement joli. Limmeuble est assez vétuste. Lappartement possède trois chambres à coucher dont une avec salle de bains. Lits dun confort variable. Literie simple. Cuisine pas très bien équipée: rien pour faire le café, pas de torchon pour essuyer la vaisselle, ni pour nettoyer les surfaces. Peu de tasses et verres. Les services sont dans des tiroirs et placard différents et désorganisés. La porte du vaisselier du salon sest disloquée dès quon la ouverte. Plus deau chaude après trois jours. Dans lensemble, séjour très décevant dans un appartement mal entretenu. Si vous avez moins de 30 ans et que vous êtes des routards, vous vous en satisferez probablement. Pour les autres voyageurs, cherchez ailleurs. I stayed at Michaels place for 1 night with 7 other friends. His place is accessible through public transport and spacious. The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Fantastic place, very good! Michael was a great host and was super friendly. The apartment was right by the train and easy to get to Manhattan! Place was shoddy and unaesthetic even though Michael is a nice person. I would not stay there again even it were at a fourth of the price that I paid for it. He was a really accommodating and helpful host. We had to cut short our journey and he facilitated that request.  You get what you paid for. The place is not very clean, a little dusty.  At least the sheets were clean. Michael was great and the place was exactly what is described, which is really what want. Besides some of the lights not working, I have no complaints. Michael is a very sweet guy. We loved his hospitality. A perfect deal for anyone who is looking for a pleasant stay in Brooklyn. Michaels place is very spacious and clean.  It fit 8 people comfortably and was only a short uber ride into the city.  The place is a real bang for your buck if youre traveling with a group.  On top of that Michael is an excellent host and was only a text or phone call away if we needed anything.  I would definitely book again. Great apartment! Much larger than what the pictures show. Suited 7 people perfectly. Michael is a chill dude. Flexible with scheduling too. We had to push back our arrival time and he was totally cool with it. Parking in the neighborhood was not great but he gave him his spot right in front of the apartment. That was so kind of him. The space could have been a little cleaner but it was not horrible. I didnt like this house. Great for the price Michaels place was HUGE it was a great value for the price but came with its ups and downs. Michael was great about our late check in and accommodated that perfectly! The water stayed hot for the 2 days we stayed and seemed to be okay. The place needed a good clean but we brought extra towels and linens as we normally do when staying in a air bnb (just in case). There was a small piano which was kind of charming and fun mess around on. The lamps and lights were missing a few light bulbs and it looked like the place was used for a bit of storage possibly. It wasnt decorated at all but for the price and the amount of time we spent there it was perfect. Im not familiar  with New York but the Location was fine- it was walkable but I wish it would have been a little closer to restaurants and bars. There were a bunch of corner store around. And maybe 4 or 5 blocks away a few places to grab a bite to eat. Good Place To Stay	0
383	Ben was the best host thus far. even though everything was literally last minute, he made accommodations for my friend and I. Nothing but good vibes from this guy!   Benjamin and Gary (the super) were both very welcoming and friendly. They had cleaned up the place and provided toiletries and water. The place itself is the basement floor of the house including two well-sized bedrooms with TV (both have locks, one door is a little hard to close), a kitchen with sink and microwave, and a bathroom (be aware that the bathroom does not lock). Our stay was very last minute but the owner pulled through even with a 12-1am arrival. The place is very close to the train station as advertised. Pictured provided are exactly what the place looks like, amenities all provided except for WiFi which was supposedly being fixed. The apt was just as advertised. 2 rooms. 2 beds at great rate. Benjamin was very hospitable. Went above & beyond to help us out. I will be going back whenever Im in Ny.  If youd like to get a real New York- Bronx experience, go to Benjamins place!!!   He is such a great host! He showed us everything we needed to know and we asked him if he has a scale at his place, because we needed to weigh all the luggage as we had a flight the next day. So Benjamin came back to the AirBnB place before work and brought us a scale so that we wont have troubles at the airport.     I highly recommend his place, just because he is such a nice host! The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. The place was as described. Said not kid friendly but Benjamin still allowed us to stay and my children loved going outside and i felt safe with a gated area to let them run around. He was/is very nice and easy to very ahold of if needed and checked in periodically to make sure we are enjoying our stay. Having the huge tv and cable was an awesome plus. And the fridge full of bottled waters was great, THANKS. Neighborhood can be a bit intimidating but your in a city that never sleeps so wasnt bad at all. Great location. If you have a vehicle to drive around either be in by 6 to get a good parking spot on the curb or you may have to park a block or 2 away but thats to be expected in New York. Thank you for your hospitality Benjamin Amazing place to stay! Ben was extremely helpful whenever I had a question and he was always willing to make my stay as pleasurable as possible. I would recommend anyone to stay at his listing and if I am ever in the Bronx again, I will look no further than this listing. Ben was very kind and respectful, the place was clean and easy to access from the private entry. Communication was easy and Ben worked around my schedule. We had a great time! Accueil chaleureux, tres disponible   Tout est fourni, tout est bien expliqué  Je recommande ! FREE PARKING!!!  We parked directly in front of the unit Saturday evening and didnt move our car again until our departure Tuesday morning.  The host greeted us upon arrival and was available via cell/text anytime I contacted him.  There were extra toothbrushes and other toiletries in the bathroom in case we left some behind.  If youre from NY, the neighborhood was probably nice, however not being from NY, we clearly stood out and generally felt a sense of foreboding dread each night walking back from the subway to the room.  No danger ever materialized, but it is about a three block walk from the subway.  The owner has installed security cameras on each side of the building, which if I understood correctly, somehow patches into the city security system, though Im uncertain about that.  That definitely added to our sense of safety.   Benjamin is a very nice host.The best thing you can find in a host is that he is very comunicative And helpful.With that Quality any stay is enjoyful The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting. Ben was a great host! He saved me a parking spot and also helped me parallel park (for those southerners traveling north like me lol) He left an extra towel on the bed and was just so kind and helpful. Would def stay again if needed.  The Unit is not in a very safe part of the Bronx.  The Unit is not on the first floor, and access is through the alley.  Linens and floors did not seem clean.  We decided to forfeit the money and stay in a local hotel. A no-frills, gritty basement apartment located in a dubious neighborhood.   Dont believe everything you read this location was very convenient as well as affordable and worth it. Will stay again Ben is very cool man! He kindly agreed to host us even when he was going to leave house. Beds are big and comfortable. Wifi is good. There is an access to kitchen. I would definitely stay again.	0
384	"Steven has a beautiful place and was very helpful with any questions I had, thank you for a great stay.  My boyfriend and I just had a great time in stevens newly-renovated apartment and are actually going to extend our stay until December! Steven is a great host, always available and responsive. The place is very clean and spans the basement and the first floor, so it is very spacious and fairly well lit. Having two bathrooms is a huge plus, especially when all 5 bedrooms are rented out. The kitchen is big and fully equipped, which will make you want to cook and stay in. And thats when the house can get a little crowded, but we are soon getting a living-room (a couch, a table, etc) and thats gonna be the other huge plus of this place. Our bedroom is very confortable and clean; just a little tiny for 2 people staying long-term (but not a problem at all for short-term stays). Last, I work in Dumbo every morning and it only takes me about 30 minutes on the C line, door to door, so better than Manhattan! Highly recommended!   Its all worth the money you are paying. The room itself was pretty and cozy and really clean. The bathroom wasnt that clean, but it was ok. (there was a loot of hair in the shower and the trash was always full).     The neighbour might be a little bit frightening in the nights cuz there are a lot of african-american people in the streets talking to you, but overall in the day its a good place.    There are a loot of places to buy food and the subway station (C Line) is about four blocks from Stevens place. Also a lot of Bus stops in like a block or so.    The common areas were pretty and clean. The kitchen had everything you need to cook. The wifi was good and also the washing machine was a nice plus.    About Steven? He was nice enough to let us leave our luggage earlier, but when I asked him about directions he simply said ""You got (Hidden by Airbnb) maps? Check there"".     Overall I really liked this place, I would stay again there if I come back to New York. Dont hesitate if you are looking to stay in a cheap place on the greatest city in the world. Our stay was very pleasant. Steven is a great host. We received the wrong keys but the host quickly came and rectified the situation within 30 mins. Mostly, the other tenants are not good at tidying up but good thing the host does housekeeping twice a week. The room and living room are as advertised and pictured - very spacious and well kept.  Stevens flat is nice. It is only a five minute walk to the next metro station. Living room and kitchen big and clean. Beds very comfortable. It was a good stay there. Je nai jamais rencontré mon hôte et nai été accueillie que par une résidente qui nous a aidées à ouvrir la porte.  Lhôte est fantômatique. Le quartier est bien, un peu ghetto, mais sûre et agréable comme brooklyn lest; résidentiel, mélangé.  La salle de bain est très bien.  Rapport qualité prix tout à fait correct. Nos quedamos 8 días en la casa de Steven en Bergen en la habitación 5, aunque a él no lo vimos en ningún minuto, si estaba conectado cuando tuvimos alguna duda nos respondió a la brevedad. La habitación era grande y cómoda, la cama no mucho pero para quedarse un tiempo corto cumple su función. Los espacios comunes en ambientación muy bien y moderna, sólo que la basura habían días que se acumulaba mucho sin limpiar y se veía medio sucio. Pero el departamento bien equipado para viajeros en la cocina, baño y pieza.  Lo que no nos gustó mucho fue el barrio, lo sentimos muy inseguro a todo momento, sobretodo de noche. Hay 2 metros bastante cerca, pero para llegar de vuelta de noche a la casa, nos bajábamos 2 estaciones antes y luego tomábamos taxi, ya que nos daba un poco de susto caminar de noche por el barrio.  We didnt get to meet Steven, but his space is very clean and comfortable.  There are 4 other guest rooms and the house is very quiet (but not very soundproof), something to keep in mind if you are planning to be out late.  Perfect spot if you just want somewhere clean and well furnished to get a good nights sleep. I didnt stay to this place but to Stevensister airbnb place. Great appartment in Brooklyn, close to Gates subway. Clean. Nice. Friendly. I didn t had to meet Steven or his sister eighter, but the instructions to get the keys and the room were clear. So it was a quite positive airbnb experience !    Lappartement est beau, spacieux, la literie est vraiment top! Les sanitaires sont très bien!  Le seul problème peut être le fait dêtre avec dautres collocs qui ne sont pas toujours respectueux de la propreté des espaces communs.  Le quartier est tranquille, les habitants sympathiques, à compter 45 minutes pour se rendre en métro à Manhattan.  The apartment was clean and modern, bathroom lovely and A/C in the room was great. Didnt actually see Steven but he was very easy to contact with any problems. We were warned about the neighbourhood from local people (Taxi drivers etc.) but we didnt have a problem.   Thanks Steven. Steven was exceptionally accommodating and a big help to make our New York travels happen. Very thankful for all his efforts. Nagyon tetszett, hogy rugalmas volt és hamarabb be tudtuk rakni a csomagjainkat a szállásra, mert odakészítette számunkra a kulcsot.  a belváros lassabban elérhető mint gondoltuk, de a környék biztonságos bármilyen napszakban. Le quartier était très agréable, Tranquille, avec beaucoup de commerce, de restaurant, proche du métro à environ 10 min. Petite superette au bout de notre rue. La maison est très bien, notre chambre était très agréable, mais qui dit collocation dit vie en communauté ce qui nest pas toujours idéal..  Easy check-in instruction, Good location near two subway stations (blue line C & red line 3), we suggest taking red line 3 if you are late for going back to the house. We experienced no hot water for two days during our stay, but fixed soon after telling Steven. Overall its a great place to stay for a short visit in NYC. Only one thing to be advised is that the chairs in the kitchen should be changed as they are shaky. Steve dejó las facilidades para que pudiéramos llegar más temprano a dejar nuestras maletas y regresar a la habitación después de la hora del check-in. El barrio era de clase media-baja, pero todo muy bien, sin inconvenientes y con tiendas cercanas para comprar de comer. While staying at Stevens Crown Heights place, my husband and I only experienced a few hiccups, but Steven was quick to rectify the issues. The neighborhood was a little out of the ordinary for a couple of Texans, like ourselves. However, there were no issues with locals and we would definitely stay again. Deli, dry cleaners & restaurants galore! Being only 4-6 blocks away from the subway made for a convenient commute into Manhattan. The apartment itself is a little noisy from neighbors in all directions, but that is to be expected in New York City. Overall, our stay was great and we would recommend Stevens place to others. My guest and I arrived at Stevens listing with no trouble. Instructions were provided to get inside and the apartment was tidy. Bedroom was nice and the bathroom was well-kept.  The neighborhood wasnt the most desirable but the nearest subway stop is a 10-15 minute walk away.  Our troubles arose when the Internet wasnt working. I contacted our host about the issue but it was not resolved for almost 4 days. This was a problem because we depended on Internet to get work done during our trip.  Stevens response rate was good at first, but come to the end of our trip I was getting the feeling that we were no longer a priority. With a 10 day stay I feel the value of the apartment was a bit high but overall the experience was ok.  Beskrivelsen af boligen var nøjagtigt og området var super fint. Der lå en Subway et par gader væk fra lejligheden og den kørte direkte til Manhatten.   Ydermere var værelset og badeværelset i flot stand. Super fint at man kunne bruge vaskemaskinen og tørretumbleren gratis. Alt i alt en rigtig god oplevelse og lejligheden kan anbefales.  Minha filha e eu ficamos muito satisfeitos com a nossa primeira experiência na comunidade Airbnb.  A casa fica em um local de fácil acesso ao metro, o bairro é  tranquilo, seguro e com infraestrutura adequada para visitantes.  Ao chegarmos, tudo estava de acordo com o que o anfitrião havia explicado. Além disso, a casa tem um interior excelente, com espaço para preparo de refeições etc e as regras são muito simples. Tudo estava ótimo. Its a nice place to stay not too far from downtown by subway. Its a super price for the quality, and you can cook your meals in the nice kitchen.  It was awesome!  The apartment was very nice, exactly as shown in the picture. Our bedroom was quite small but the bed was very confy and we appareciated it a lot. Steven sent me very clear instructions on how to check in and out so it was very easy to come in even if nobody was there upon our arrival. The neighborhood is okay and not too far from the subway (around 10 minutes walk). We went to NYC by car and we were afraid that it would be a struggle to find parking but it was actually pretty easy. Mostly we enjoyed our stay, the only negative points I could mention are not about the apartment or the host, but about the other guests that were there at the same time. I guess we just werent lucky, cause some of them were very loud and werent necessarily cleaning after themselves. But anyway, its definitely not Stevens fault so I would recommend this place for sure!  Stevens place is worth the experience. The pictures are quite accurate and the place has that touch of interior design as can be sensed from said pictures. The house cleaning is done regularly so even when there are quite a few people in the house it mostly feels clean. Steven was also responsive in a swift manner whenever I needed something from him. Just make sure to ask him for the double of the front doors keys if you have to leave luggage in the living room after check-out time because, say, you have a flight later in the day and still have to go out in town before fetching your luggage. Doesnt look like he would suggest that by himself (although the guest might not know that possibility could be availed to him or her... If you need something, just ask; you never know.) Es war alles sehr gut organisiert und transparent. Der Gastgeber hat auf Fragen schnell geantwortet und war zuvorkommend, was die Aufbewahrung der Koffer am Abreisetag in der Wohnung anbelangte. Das Zimmer war in Ordnung, das Bett war sehr gemütlich. Jedoch ist das Zimmer etwas klein, wenn man mit großem Gepäck anreist, denn das Bett füllt das Zimmer zu 70%. Die Räumlichkeiten entsprechen absolut den Abbildungen. Das Bad ist leider hygienisch zu bemängeln. Es riecht stark nach Schimmel, auch wenn man Schimmelspuren nur in der Dusche sieht, was daran liegt, dass es kein Fenster gibt. Insgesamt aber für einen Städte-Aufenthalt, den man kaum auf dem Zimmer verbringt, in Ordnung. Die U-Bahn Station ist in 10 Minuten zu erreichen.  Excellent.  It was very enjoyable! he send an email that was all.. we need to share the bathroom with another two rooms  I never met with host, but he was always readily available whenever anything came up. House was cleaned daily or almost daily and was as described. I really wish I had a desk in my room, or a table in the living room. I needed to use my computer quite a bit and there was no place to do so (aside from hunched over by the coffee table or the kitchen counter). All in all the listing was accurate and the house was near major public transport and where I needed to go. I would recommend this place.      Great place! We never met the host, but he was quick to respond when we had questions. All the accommodations were just as described - I especially loved the upstairs bathroom! Would definitely stay here again! The house is pretty big and Confortable.  The room was a bit small but didnt spend so much time there. Steven was on contact all the time and he was really supportive as well with the little things, that made a huge difference when you are on holidays.  Thank you Steven.  Definitely I highly recommend this place. Home is beautiful and very clean but too far from mangattan There is a nice and big bathroom upstairs but you share it with 2 other rooms a 2 persons. in the morning you have to wait till everyone finished or you wake up first. the livinig room is big with a nice kitchen but your own room is pretty small and you have no tv at all. No me sentí en casa Stevens spot is awesome. Clean, organized, and cute details throughout. Not to mention the bathroom is amazing! Near subways and some cute lil spots to grab a bite. Great value, would totally come again. Thanks Steven! He provided all the information that I needed. Stevens place is a place you can truly make home. I really enjoyed staying here. Everything as the pictures shows. Easy to get to and just a dream to stay in. When Im back I hope to stay there again. Thank you for your hospitality :) During our second stay the sheets were not cleened after previus guest.   Might be noisy as he moslty rents the flat for a long term rental. So these guys basically feels themselves home and feel as a guest.   We had a great time though, after some issues had been solved everything went smoothly.   Keep in mind that its not the best brooklnyn area, but totally safe  - so far for us.   Anyway sweet and sour feeling but mostly sweet. Thanks ! Stevens place is a great price for a nice apartment in an easily accessible location It was a very pleasant place and great location! Easy and fast communication with Steven, thank you! highly recommended Steven is incredible warm, responsive and helpful host. The house is clean and well equipped. You will not be disappointed. Everything were better than expected. I look forward to returning many more times. Highly recommend. The place was very clean and the room was nice! The apartment itself is very safe. I was by myself and felt safe with the other people staying at the apartment. Steven is great and I would recommend anyone booking with him! He is very fast in replying to my text messages! The price was definitely good for what you get. I was not so fund of the neighborhood itself but in all I had a great time ! Definitely deserves 5 stars:)  Beautiful space! Easy check in/check out. Easy to get to the train/bus/citibike. Quiet neighborhood. House is within walking or biking distance to some great places to eat and hangout. Loved it! good one Nice home near downtown Brooklyn. Great food around and easy to get to subway.  Great place , great location comfortable, quiet and great area! Great for the price and Steven is very quick respond with any questions or concerns. Loved our room and the communal bathroom and living spaces were great as well. Kept up and very clean. The house was as pictured for the most part. Pros: great bathroom, full kitchen, comfy beds, great housemates, owner was very accommodating and was super fast at getting back to us.  Cons: location isnt fantastic, rooms are pretty small His location is authentic to Brooklyn. Little kids playing outside, the corner grocery stores and friendly people made it overall a warm place to stay. Local transportation was only a few blocks away convenient. His place hosts many guest and if youre social youll meet new friends. Great communication with the host when needed. Clean, central and well maintained place. The minor issues we had were with some other AirBnB renters as it is a shared place, otherwise I definitely recommend. Steven was really helpful and answered really quickly to all our questions.  The apartment and our room was like it was in the pictures. It was really quiet there and it felt like coming home after busy day in the city. Subway was really close and neighboor cool. I recommend to stay here when visiting NYC! Fin lejlighed med flotte badeværelser. Køkkenet kunne godt trænge til rengøring. Der var små fluer omkring håndvasken/skraldespanden Sehr gut gelegen , Wohnung sehr gut ausgestattet Stevens place looked small from the outside but when I got inside, the entire space was huge.  The area of my bedroom was good enough for one guest. The bed sheets were clean and the bed was very comfy!  The bathroom was conveniently located beside my room and I loved its design with its high ceiling, brick walls mixed with tiled walls. The bathroom was clean and spacious. And oh boy did it have a massive bath tub!  I loved that downstairs we had a living room with 2 large and comfy sofas. The kitchen was very functional and had a couple of food items that can be shared by everyone. I also loved that the amenities included a washer and the dryer and wifi! Steven was very quick to answer  my inquiries and I also met Kevin who was such a kind fellow making sure everything was neat! 30 seconds away is a convenience store and there are a couple of delis nearby that is 1 block away. I felt safe, secure and very comfortable at Stevens place! It felt like home! AMAZING AIRBNB location and host! Location was easy to find. There is local restaurants and markets where you can go buy food because its always better to have a home cooked meal or at least breakfast in your pjs when away from home. Whole apartment is lovely. Super clean. This is so important! Trains super close and the city is probably 30-40 away which is amazing for someone like me that isnt particularly a city girl. This will be my spot next time I come to NY if he still host. 침대랑 베개가 너무 편하고 좋았어요. 베개도 높은거 하나 낮은거 하나라 세심한 배려가 보였어요. 세탁기는 한번 써봤어요. 밑에가 세탁이고 위가 건조기에요~ 화장실은 2층이 더 나은데 문이 안잠겼었어요 ... 그래서 볼일을 볼때도!!!! 샤워하려고 옷 벗는데도!!! 벌컥벌컥 문을 열어제끼는 다른 방 외국인 때문에 정말 힘들었네요. 호스트 Steven에게 체크아웃할때 얘기해서 고치겠다 했으니까 고쳐졌길 바랍니다. 하지만 꼭 화장실 문 노크해주세요 * PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE NOCK ON THE RESTROOM DOOR!!!!!!!!!!!! * 그 외에 위치는 타임스퀘어까지는 한시간 조금 안걸리고 월가까지는 삼십분정도 걸려요. 윌리엄스버그까진 걸어갈 수 있어요."	1
385	What a wonderful place to stay in NYC. Adrienne is an incredible host, lovely person, and great artist - her artwork adds to the charm of the place. I loved meeting her and talking about the city. She was very easy to communicate with and quick to respond to any questions I had. The apartment was very clean and well equipped. Close to a choice of markets and right next to the subway. The bedroom is located at the back of the building so no street noise when going to bed! And very roomy - even a garden patio in back. The listing represents exactly what you get. I truly could not have asked for a better place to stay in New York. It will always be my first choice when visiting from now on. Thanks so much, Adrienne. Adrienne was the perfect host and her apartment was everything we hoped for. It was exactly like the pictures - beautiful, clean and equipped with everything you need. The bed was nice and comfortable and seeing as the bedroom is in the back of the apartment there was no street noise. The two air conditioners in the apartment work well and kept us comfortable in the July heat! The internet was also fast and reliable.  Adrienne herself was everything you would want in a host - there when you need her but very respectful of your space and privacy. We enjoyed talking to her about her city and her artwork which includes all of the amazing pieces in the apartment.   The location was beautiful. Steps from the subway and very close to a Citi Bike station which we used a lot.   We loved our stay and will definitely stay with Adrienne when we make it to the city again.  Fantastic apartment in great area, lovely host, everything we needed. Couldnt ask for any more! El departamento de Adrienne es super confortable. Las fotos publicadas coinciden perfectamente y el lugar es mas lindo personalmete. Apenas llegamos Adrienne nos estaba esperando mientras acondicionaba las plantas del ingreso. El departamento esta super equipado para cocinar lo que quieras, dos televisores impresionantes si queres quedarte a disfrutarlo, los aires acondicionados tanto del dormitorio como del comedor funcionan a la perfeccion y si necesitas lavar ropa tambien esta equipado.  La limpieza excelente. En cuanto al barrio es muy lindo y tranquilo, el departamento esta a pasos de la boca del metro, muy cerca del Highline, el Madison Square Garden y todo lo que ofrece Manhattan. Todo para disfrutar de las vacaciones perfectas en NY. Adrienne se ocupo personalmente de hacer que nuestra estancia fuera de lo mejor. This place was an extraordinary find... a lovely and spacious garden level apartment with great character and energy.  The host, Adrienne, is a gifted artist who has filled the apartment with beautiful and useful things, and adorned the walls with her own work.  The location is fantastic--right in the heart of Chelsea--yet the bedroom in the back is perfectly quiet, so you are assured a good nights rest.  Adrienne was very generous and gracious and I enjoyed getting to know her.  I will certainly return!  Thank you Adrienne!  :  ) Adrienne communicated well, was extremely organized, everything spotless, had extra touches, blow dryers, tvs in both rooms, washer/dryer in the unit.  The apartment was so cozy, I knew the first second I walked in I was going to enjoy my week staying there. I felt like I was in Europe, the kitchen was spotless and very well thought of and planned.  I cannot say enough about how fabulous this apartment and Adrienne are!   Thank you! Great apartment in a great location!	1
386	Margaret, my host we was very accomodating and we moved around her apartment giving each other respect for the space we shared. She was very open and honest in her expectations and it was a pleasure staying in her apartment. Margaret embodies everything you could ask for as an AirBnb host. She promptly replied to any and all messages and gave forewarning about the quirks of her apartment. There were no surprises at all once I arrived; everything was exactly as she described.   The location is great; the apartment is on a quiet street with plenty of restaurants and shops nearby. Subway stations are a few short blocks away.  Margarets apartment is clean and furnished well enough to be comfortable while still experiencing classic New York. I absolutely love how the apartment was decorated. Simple, yet cozy.  This apartment is definitely one of the most enviable locations in the West Village.     Margaret and her place are great. The place is beautiful and well placed and Margaret and all the way around amazing. I would totally stay there again. Most pleasant stay in perfect location. Cute room. All as described! Thanks Great location! The area is beautiful and cosy, it really has charm. Lots of nice bars, cafés and little shops, and Its easy to get around to the other parts of the city, both by foot and with public transport. The room is nice and clean. I would highly recommend everyone to stay at Margarets place! Margarets place is in a great location - close to shops, restaurants and several subway lines.  Its clean and quiet, and Margaret is a friendly and responsive host.  I would stay here again. Muy buena ubicación; bello departamento antiguo con baño y alcoba espaciosos. The place is located in a very nice and quiet location. Margaret is a great host and you should totally bring her some top-quality Swiss or Belgian chocolate. Had a great stay at Margarets place - the best location in Manhattan! If you want to get a feel for living like a local, and enjoy great bars and restaurants then this is the place for you. Thanks again, Aaryn & El	1
387	"Great Location !!! The apartment is in a good central location however is only just big enough for 5 people. This place isnt big enough for 6. The bathroom was very dusty and dirty where we all showered with flip flops on and the sink was only just hanging onto the wall.   The bedrooms were very dusty too and although towels were left for us, they too were quite dusty and so we didnt use them. The apartment would be a much better place to stay in New York once it has had a deep clean and is looked after better. Really great place and great location! Good price for the space and he was easy to get it touch with. Perfecte locatie in New York voor niet meer dan drie personen. Nier ruim maar wel schoon en oke Great place! extremely friendly, awesome communication, the place was amazing. Very accommodating, great location close to everything, great price. Highly recommend it . A very convenient location and an excellent host. What an amazing space! This apt was loaded with all of the essentials that me and my group needed throughout our stay in the city. The location was amazing with time square and the Empire State Building be just a short walk away. Upon arriving the host was very kind and flexible and was very quick at replying when we had a question. The apt was spotless with all new linens, towels and sheets. The building itself was very quiet and nice. We will for sure be back to this space on our next trip to NYC. Courteous , attentive,  and accommodating. Excellent communication, we could not have been happier.  Apartment is in a lovely neighborhood with great restaurants and shops. Quick walk to everyrhing. The location was great, the host was realy nice to us, he even helped us with the bags. Its quite loud, but thats how New York is, so be prepared. Great location to visit Manhattan! I recommand!! Great place / location!  Will def be back! Good location. The apartment has the essential things Amazing apartment, in amazimg location. Empire State 5 minutes walk, metro 5 minutes, times square 15 minutes. Lots of restaurants and pubs very close. CVS thats open 24/7 5 minutes. The host was very helpful and nice, and did the best to try to check us in as soon as possible. When Ill come back to Manhattan definitely will stay there. Perfect for 5 people. Convenient location at a great price. We were able to walk easily to the main sights with a subway close by. Several nice eating spots nearby. Busy neighbourhood - we felt safe walking through it at all times of day and night! This place was nice, clean, and perfect for our group. The check in was very prompt and informative. The only downside was the smoking in the apartment next door. If you have an allergy to cigarettes you should not stay here. Great location. Easy access to everything. Host very prompt and accomodating.  Thanks Frank Great location! The apartment is at great location so its really convenient either to shop or to eat. It is by the street so it does get noisy but its acceptable (it might be a concern though if you have trouble falling asleep). Its the first time I ever use airbnb but the hosts are definitely one of the reasons Im gonna keep using this app--theyre kind and nice and try to solve any problems we had as quick as they could. Experience I had here is nice. Great place at perfect location! Quick response to all of our questions. We will definitely stay again on our next trip. Highly recommend! Comfortable space. Location was perfect for what I needed. Communication with owner was perfect. Would definitely stay here again. Centrally located in midtown. Short walk to the subway. Was 20 to 30 minutes to most everything we wanted to see. Plus great pizza and bar downstairs, as well as nail salon, CVS and bare burger place one block over. Lots to explore! Frank is very responsive both before and during the stay. The check in process was straight forward. I called Franks associate and he met us outside the property. He took us up to the property and showed us around. You need to be able bodied as the apartment is on the top floor, is an old building so stairs are the only option. The apartment is on the older side, but this is New York. The apartment was clean, the beds comfortable but be prepared for noise. It is on a major road, a bar at the bottom of the building and also outside a bus stop. There was street noise all night so if you are not from a city, it might take some time getting used to, or bring some ear plugs. Good price. Good location. 11/10, would stay here again! The space is small (hey, its NYC) but the space is well used! The rooms were spacious and lovely to stay in. The linens smelled of detergent (clean!) and the bathroom was spotless. We forgot shampoo and soap and luckily both of those things were in the shower for us! The location could not be better. I felt safe walking anywhere. Extremely close to the subway station, less than a block from both a dunkin donuts AND starbucks as well as walking distance to TONS of great eating places (Bagel & Shmear for bagels!). A seriously great value for NYC and I will stay here again in a heartbeat! The futon really only sleeps one, but the space worked well for 5 of us (2 in each queen bed). Great location in Kips Bay, though farther east than expected from the description. Hosts were responsive to all requests and prompt bringing additional towels, etc. Street noise kept us up the first night, but we slept better after that. It is a long walk up 3 narrow flights to the apartment. The appartment was exactly as in the photos and the location is safe and near intressted spot such as the Empire State building and Time square. There was all we needed in the appartment and our trip has been excellent thanks to this. I recommand you this appartment you won’t be disappointed! Departamento cómodo, solo tuvimos un pequeño inconveniente con las mesas, son muy pequeñas. La ubicación es excelente... En general todo bien...!! The location of the apartment was very convenient and very easy to access. Just next to the flat there is a pizza place were we enjoyed so much when we were starving. The apartment is as the pictures shows, even exactly the same sheets. You have Netflix account which is good when you decide to stay at home rather than visit the city. Eric was very helpful on every request that we were making, like: ""please can we have wifi password"", ""please can we have a second key"".. very quick in his responses. The price for the stay was surprising for me personally as I though that New York prices were over the top. But for four people that we stay it was actually very good. Unfortunately I cannot comment on the kitchen amenities as we did not use it ;) Great location. Host was extremely nice and helpful. Great price for the location. Great location, staff and room! This was a great place to stay! Very convenient to everything we wanted to do on our trip. We were able to walk everywhere but had the option to hop on the subway right down the street if needed. Frank and Preto are extremely responsive to requests and i felt like they were there to help should we have needed them. Great place to stay for a few days. Way smaller than you think so watch out Id stay here again and recommend to friends"	1
388	Our previous host cancelled on us right before our arrival, so we needed to find a place to stay asap. Kartik was very nice to respond quickly after we contacted him and agreed to accommodate us. The description and pictures on Airbnb are accurate. The apartment is nice and clean, the bed can fit 3 people (we are small) and the location is very central. Overall a very pleasant experience. Would recommend this to anyone. everything was good and as described.  host was very nice, relaxed and flexible  recommended. The host canceled this reservation 20 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Great location. Host was friendly, flexible, and accommodating.  I would definitely NOT RECOMEND this place to anybody. He didn´t give us the keys in person, we picked them up from a place where he left them for us. When we got in the house everything was disgustingly dirty. The floor was all covered by dust, the kitchen full of his dirty used dishes and the house all messy with his stuff. My girlfriend had to ask him to change the sheets of the bed and do it herself because they were dirty and there were pieces of paper and trush inside. Besides, the floor, windows, walls and everyhting in that room was dirty. Totally disgusting. The room you see in the picture IS NOT what he really rents. It has NO furnitures and the bed is a inflatable mattress. Although now it specifies it is a inflatable mattress, when we chose and paid for the room it didn´t. We felt truely CHEATTED and SCAMMED as we paid a lot of money for a room which WAS NOT what we finally got. From the first time we got in that flat we asked him for a discount which he didn´t want to provide us, and did all possible not to see us nor talk to us, like locked him inside his room last day we stayed in his place not to get a final agreement which at the end was not even a 15% of what we paid to him, not the total amount we paid to air bnb. To sum up: we will NOT recomend this place as he is a CHEATER and the house is DIRTY AND MESSY. Besides, he didnt even guide us around nor gave us any kind of advise while we stay in NY. HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE. Kartik was a kind and gracious host. I really enjoined the fact that he had new toiletries for us. Not that we needed them but I liked having that option. Also, he responded rapidly to messages. Furthermore, he was willing to work with us on the key pick up since our flights were later in the day. I would stay with him again. The neighborhood was nice and I felt safe. Easy and clean. Host was nice and accommodating. So I visited New York with a friend and it was our first time. We both thought that the location was ideal as it was right near bars and the subway which meant easy access to places.    Kartik was such a great host as he was very accommodating and very flexible and listened to all our requests.     It was such a convenient location with a great host-so would definitely come here again.     Thanks Kartik,	0
389	La casa di Amy è esattamente come la si vede nellannuncio. E molto vicina alla metropolitana (saranno quattro minuti a piedi). Dalla stazione della metropolitana a Manhattan ci vuole mezzora abbondante di subway. Amy è stata molto precisa e sempre disponibile e facilmente contattabile (che penso sia uno degli aspetti principali da considerare su un host!). Grazie, alla prossima! Amy hat dafür gesorgt das wir sofort die Schlüssel für das Appartment bekamen.  Außerdem kam sie Abends extra vorbei und hat uns sehr hilfsbereit alle noch offenen Fragen beantwortet. Amy ist eine tolle Gastgeberin! Bereits im Vorfeld gab sie uns jede Menge Tipps und erklärte uns Dinge ausführlich. Egal, welche Frage ich hatte, Amy beantwortete sie stets gewissenhaft. Leider konnte sie am Anreisetag nicht persönlich vor Ort sein, um uns die Schlüssel zu geben, eine gute Freundin ließ uns jedoch hinein (auch darum kümmerte Amy sich umgehend!).  Bevor ich nun zur Bewertung der Wohnung komme, möchte ich etwas Grundlegendes in Bezug auf amerikanische Verhältnisse anmerken: Amerikanischer Standard ist kein deutscher Standard! Es sind unterschiedliche Kulturen und das spiegelt sich auch in vielen Wohnungen/ Häusern wieder: Wir waren nun schon etliche Male in den USA, haben Freunde dort und können nun sagen, dass man dahingehend keine Vergleiche ziehen sollte! Egal ob Sauberkeit oder Einrichtung, Amerika ist nicht Deutschland. Plant man also eine Reise dort hin, sollte man sich dessen bewusst sein. Natürlich gibt es auch Ausnahmen.   Nun zu Amys Wohnung: Super gelegen in Brooklyn, ist sie perfekt an das Subwaysystem angebunden. In acht Gehminuten erreicht man die Subway, die einen schnell nach Manhattan bringt (Nostrand Avenue oder Sterling Street). Die Umgebung ist sehr ruhig und gepflegt. Das Haus, indem sich die Wohnung in der obersten Etage befindet, besticht durch seinen Altbaucharme.   Die Zweizimmeraltbauwohnung ist klein und sehr hell. Die hohen Wände und der Echtholzfußboden sehen toll aus. Die Einrichtung ist puristisch und sehr individuell mit kleinen, netten Details. Wir hatten alles, was man für einen Aufenthalt benötigte.  Leider kann ich in Punkto Sauberkeit nicht die volle Punktzahl geben. An dieser Stelle möchte ich anmerken, dass ich was Sauberkeit in Ferienwohnungen betrifft, sehr pingelig bin. Für mich steht diese an erster Stelle, so würde auch ich als Gastgeberin penibel darauf achten. Jeder hat einen anderen Blick auf Gegenstände und sonstige Dinge. So ist eben jeder anders.  Was jedoch definitiv nicht in Ordnung war, war der Toilettensitz, der absolut locker war. Ein fixes Anschrauben wäre hier kein Problem gewesen.  Amy war aber so nett und bot uns sofort an, die Reinigungsgebühren zu erstatten.  Ansonsten kann ich die Wohnung nur weiterempfehlen, denn Amy ist eine großartige Gastgeberin!   Amy is very helpful and replies very fast. She made everything to give us the apartment during the days we needed and I appreciated this very much. We took the keys from her friend Tamar (a smiley and lovely person) who waited us until late to reach the apartment. The apartment is small but is nice. The neighborhood is safe and calm. Across the street there is the police station. Too bad though for the dirty bathroom and sheets and the fact that there were no shower gel and toilet paper (that could be used-found it molty). It takes 35-40 minutes to Times Square via subway.  if you ended up on this post, dont look further, stay here because amy and her place are both amazing !:) super comfy xoxo! Amys place is such a gem! I still cant believe how lucky I am to have found this place. The apartment is a full one bedroom apartment with rooms that are quite large for New York. The whole apartment gets amazing light due to being on the buildings top floor (consider bringing a sleep mask if you dont like bright mornings), and you have total privacy -- basically, everything is exactly as advertised. I will also emphasize the convenient location and that we felt very safe in this neighborhood, even late at night.  Amy was very prompt in her communications and tremendously flexible with check-in and check-out times, graciously allowing us to check out much later than is customary. Everything went without a hitch, and my girlfriend and I had a thoroughly enjoyable time - it really felt like a home, and I will absolutely be looking up Amys place again the next time I visit New York. Nice space, with excellent light, fair price and good location. Amy was very helpful and personable. Highly recommend. Amy apartment is very cozy and located next to the subway, which was very nice. Its a 25 min away from manhattan. Amy is very nice, and responded to all our Questions fast:) 	1
390	The problem when I stay is host ignore to answer guest question.  Check-in : Host didnt send any code for unlock the key. Have to wait outside for someone open the door around 1 hour. Try to call he said text to him. Try to text him he said call. So confuse. Finally he gave the code.  During stay : In the morning roommate said host changed the code for key locker. Nobody knows. Try to call and text him many times but no answer and no reply or call back anytime. Okay for temporary stay with basic amenities Good place for budget What you see is what you get. Second floor rooms are better.  Was a perfect cheap pit stop after landing at the airport close by. u get what  u pay	0
391	"Very good host. The clean and beautiful room made me feel home. Landlord is a very kind Chinese Couple. They run and maintain the 4 -level house by their own. We live in one of the room in Level 2. There are another two single room on the same floor. Besides I can share the lovely kitchen and living room and balcony with my roommate. Really nice experience.   Amy and her husband, Jimmy, are hospitable and very accommodating.  We were received by his parents.  They are very warm and welcoming.  The location is very convenient to get a bite to eat, even in late evening.  It is very close to JFK Airport.  The availability of parking in the driveway is a big plus.   近main st, q58直达flushing核心区,地铁站main st. 干净整洁,方便,华人来纽约玩的好去处。 The place is as described, it was nice and cosy, the area is quiet and close to the transit. They were very accomodating. It was a great stay, would book again. Thank you! My husband and I had a great time in New York city. We loved the location of this house due to the proximity of the tennis courts, like 15 min walk. If we wanted to take the subway towards Manhattan, it was like half an hour or so. The neighbourhood is peaceful, except for the planes flying to/from LaGuardia Airport. It is a great place to stay if you have a connection flight at this airport. We drove all the way from Ohio, so it was a plus to know that we can park on the premises. The room was clean with a comfortable bed, and the shared bathroom was right on the  hallway. Unfortunately, we didnt have the chance to meet Jimmy and Amy until the last day, but they are friendly and nice people. Overall, we enjoyed our stay at Sunny Home4. Maybe well see each other again some day. 房东是一家热心的东北人,大家都应该听说过东北人就是活雷锋吧。所以周到和好客程度应该不用我多说。总之一句话:我还会来! I never got to meet Amy when I was staying but the description of room was about accurate with the photos listed. But when it came to parking on the premises that was completely inaccurate, the supposed parking was basically parking on the side walk in front of the house. Then at night someone parked in the one spot that was reserved for me and they didnt know whos car was it and what to do. All they told me to do was drive around the streets and look for street parking.... I drove around for 15 mins looking for a spot. Would not go back after that experience.  Great place great host The room is in  a 3 bedroom unit on the second floor. The two other rooms are also rented out. During my stay, both of the other rooms each had an infant in it. At night, the infants cried from time to time and we couldnt sleep. The bathroom is shared with another room, and cleanliness could be improved. Other than that, the host communicated very well . But I just wish I had known earlier about the two other rooms and what comes with it.   挺好 had a great stay. slept peacefully. hosts were easy to communicate with I stayed there for 9 nights and It was just ok. I  slipped and fell in the bathroom at the first night (because the floor was wet in the bathroom) but luckily didnt get hurt. I texted the host and asked them if they can put a bathmat out of the bathtub then the floor will not be wet and no one would get hurt. At the third night, they put a ""anti-slip bathtub mat"" out of the tub and it just didnt make sense to me at all... because ""anti-slip mat"" doesnt help to keep the floor dry and clean, it is still wet after people take shower, every time.  The location was ok, the grandpa was nice to us. the kitchen is greasy, the dust is on window blinds and every time I open the window it will get my hands dust. The reason why I choice here is because its location close to JFK. If you just need a place to rest and catch the flight next day. This place well be your best choice! This place was just awesome, the host was very accommodating.  房東是華人,可以用中文直接溝通。 附近就有bus stop可以直接搭車前往Flushing中心精華地帶!很不錯的房間! 房子位置很好,房间宽敞明亮,唯一不足的是烟味很重,而且法拉盛本身靠近机场,有飞机降落声音。但如果是来玩法拉盛住这里很值得,价格公道,host也很及时。 the host was very nice helped me to my room ,showed me around kitchen bathroom area ,my room was very clean and neat。close to Queen s park and if you need to go Flushing Chinatown or to the nearest Subway station take Q58 bus will get you there Chinatown and couple blocks away is subway  还可以 Checking-in and out were very convenient and the room was clean and cozy.  The sound insulation of the room was not optimum. 房间很干净舒适,房东一家人也特别好。我们行李很多,王先生帮我们提上提下。还主动为我们解答各种问题,住宿体验很好~ The place was great. The best place weve stayed at with Airbnb so far. Especially good for Chinese speakers. Might have been more difficult for English speakers but The hosts were very helpful. If i come back to NYC id like to stay with them again.  Amys place is convenient if you want to stay for to watch US Open.  Walking distance to tennis stadiums. Temiz bir ev ve kibar bir ev sahibiydi!Rahattı! Very clean and homey. In a very nice neighborhood. Quick walk to some great restaurants, shops and gas stations. Everything was great, host is very fast responding. I definitely recommend this place Very nice place for good price It was a great place! Nice and comfortable place, it has a good location: near Queens College, shopping malls and buses. A lovely place to stay, the hosts were prompt in their responses, they were especially accomodatiing to the needs of our little one. Also did a really nice job cleaning up the place on a daily basis. The place is situated very close to the major highways in queens, which is quite convenient.  The neighborhood itself is decent, i never felt unsafe. Although they have a tendency to leave the front door unlocked after they leave the place, closing only the main door which acts as a sort of screen. But maybe thats just me being picky, i want to feel as secure as possible, especially since i dont know the neighborhood as well as they do. Overall a nice experience which i highly recommend. The room is big and the host is helpful. Great place to stay."	1
392	The home of Carlos and Salima is absolutely beautiful and exceeds the expectations. The guest room is wonderful and has its own heating and A/C that one can adjust. Carlos could not have been more gracious in asking if there was anything I needed repeatedly. The sharing of baths is not a problem and Carlos is very accommodating. i did not have the pleasure of meeting Salima; still residing in Paris. it was my only regret.  Carlos was very helpful and showed me around his very, very clean apartment.  He made me feel very welcome.  Subway station is very close to his place, so its easy to get into Downtown area.  Downtown area is not super close- but that 30-40 min or so subway ride is fine if you are spending the day there and return here at the end of the day.  Really found this place ideal for that purpose.. I didnt have the pleasure of meeting Salima, but Carlos was the perfect host. Upon arrival he provided me with vital information on getting around the city, he gave suggestions on places to go etc. He was very detailed and made sure that I was comfortable with everything he was telling me. The apartment, the neighborhood etc. everything was great. I would definitely recommend staying with them. 5 stars across the board. The host canceled this reservation 75 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Carlos was a wonderful host. Very accommodating and the place was gorgeous. Its in Flatbush Brooklyn which has a very strong Caribbean demographic which I loved. Great food and people and pretty central location wise for places in Brooklyn and New York in general. He was not intrusive and also gave us plenty of recommendations. Very safe neighborhood would recommend to any person looking for a nice place to stay in Brooklyn.  My stay there was perfect. Their apartment is wonderful, really comfy and away from the busy Manhattan but not too far by subway. The area is pretty calm and its easy to park in the street.  Salima wasnt there but Carlos has been a fantastic host. Wonderful nice space 	1
393	The best thing about this apartment is it’s location, it is very convenient specially if you are going to the UN.   The Apartent is on the ground floor but to the inside which makes the noise of the street at a minimum. It is not a luxury apartment so don’t expect anything too fancy, but it has all the necessary amenities to make your stay comfortable. Good place, convenient I loved this apartment! I would stay there again in a heartbeat! Great location in the city. Andrei responded  quickly. Check-in and -out was easy. Great value and goof location. Minimum kitchen supplies in a small and very simple appartment, but what a nice location! You can walk to all main attractions within 10 to 30 mins!	0
394	Yuko was a great host! Very nice, helpful,  mostly kept to her room. Place is a little out of the way but overall very enjoyable stay. Creo que el alojamiento es bello, está cuidado y Yuko es muy amable. Sin embargo hay cosas que se pueden mejorar como anfitrión y que creo son importantes como la comunicación y la llegada. Quedé al menos 40 min esperando para poder ingresar y esto puede ser una complicación si se llega tarde o si pasa alguna cuestión inesperada. La ubicación es excelente. Very friendly, nice place The room was fine and facilities pretty basic. It was on a noisy street but I guess that’s NYC. The accommodation served my need this time but I’ll probably just go with a hotel for next time. Great place to stay ,close to javits center and port authority , slightly noisy at night butits not  hosts fault, its NYC, good personable host, clean basic lodging with superb location	0
395	Ariel is very cool and a welcoming host. The location is fantastic!!! The impressive Prospect Park is just a few gorgeous blocks away. The apartment is directly above Bagel World and a gelato stand that are definitely well established neighborhood favorites.....delicious! Ariel was a friendly host and made was there to greet us. The location at 5th Av was great and ideal for food travel and atmosphere. Thanks Ariel Very good experience - large rooms - great location for food, transportation. Ariel was a great host - was very helpful. Would recommend to all. I really enjoyed staying here.  The room felt like a personal apartment; and Ariel was very accommodating If youre looking for just a place to stay, this serves its purpose. We didnt meet Ariel, as he was out of town, but he was always quick to respond to our questions. Location is great. Walking distance to several subways stations and good restaurants. Bathroom could have been cleaner. Overall, Ariels apartment is good if youre just looking for somewhere to sleep at night.  We enjoyed our stay at Ariels place. Although we didnt get to meet Ariel as our timings in the flat worked out that way, he was helpful in letting us know how to get in to the flat. The flat is great as it really feels like you have your own space - there is a separate entrance and you have your own room and your own separate lounge. The flat is well connected for transport and in a nice area with good cafes nearby, including the ice cream shop right below the cafe, and there was a market on right over the road on the Sunday. Overall, we enjoyed staying here and thought it was great value for money.  A spacious room in a fantastic location. Ariel was very communicative and helpful and made the whole experience easy and pleasant. Recommended if youre looking for a place to call home for a night or two in the Slope. Ariel was a great host and made the experience a very easy and pleasant one. The apartment is cozy, conveniently close to the subway and in a pretty neighborhood. Having a separate entrance and a set of keys came in very handy. And the clean towels and complimentary bottled water were also a nice touch. Definitely recommended! Ariel was very friendly and help us with our bags while we were out from NYC in the weekend. The apartment is small and comfortable. The neighborhood is great! The check in and check out was very easy and flexible. We recommend.  Ariel was a great host. He was very accommodating and helpful and replied very quickly to all of our questions. The place is adorable. Its clean and the bed is super comfy. Thanks Ariel! It was my first experience with Airbnb and Ive got only positive impression! Ariel responded promptly on my messages, the room was clean, had complimentary water and felt as a personal private place. Nice area around with different cafeterias. Very recommended!  Our space was exactly as promised.  Clean and private - plenty of room for the two of us for a weekend.  Location was awesome...right in the middle of restaurants and shops!  Ariel was kind and considerate.  A perfect host! Ariel was a great host. Although I did not have a chance to meet him, he was available through texts and call. He was very prompt at replying. I enjoyed staying at Ariels place and would definitely come back.  Ariel was a gracious host and very welcoming. The space is very generous with separate entrance and living room with desk in addition to a comfortable bedroom.  Nice clean sheets and towels. Generous closet to myself with plenty of hangers. No ones stuff anywhere in the two room suite   I also appreciated the use of some refrigerator space and ability to cook and use his china and silverware and cooking pots   Never a problem with access to shared bathroom.   Also liked the neighborhood. The apartment is over a nice restaurant and gellateria and across street from a school.  Ariel was very accommodating and hospitable. He coordinated with me very well for my arrival. His apartment is located along the very lively 5th avenue of park slope which is ground zero for great food in brooklyn and everything is walking distance. Place is also very accessible to public transportation about 10-20 mins walk to all the major subway lines.    Room was very spacious and private (you have your own entrance) although bathroom is a bit cramped I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here. Ariel met us on the street and warmly welcomed us into his place. That was nice. The apartment was clean and provided us with all we needed, but we didnt realize until we got there that we did not have our own bathroom but rather had to share it. Private entrance was a plus. Street was busy and appeared safe, but would have preferred an exterior door to building that would lock. Ariel was super accommodating with our traveling schedule! The room that he offered was very spacious and clean. Recommended local places to us, and helped us out whenever we had questions. Thank you so much!  Ariel was great on communications and his place was perfect for my needs. The room is surprisingly large with a comfortable bed. Id definitely go back again when Im in the area. I chose this location as it is near my daughters apartment and it was most convenient.  Bagel shop below opens very early and stays open late.    The room is basic but served the purpose my husband and I needed; a place to sleep.  Ariel is kind and was prompt with check in.  Separate entrance was great. I stayed with Ariel for several nights to experience the local life in Brooklyn. Ariel made me feel very welcome from the day I walked into his apartment. He gave me a water bottle and several bags of plantain chips as a welcoming pack :) The place is accurately described, the bed is comfortable and the wifi is very good. No issues about sharing the kitchen and bathroom - we all respect each others privacy.   Ariel is also very informative about whats going on in his local neighbourhood, which subways to catch to town etc. He also gave me good tips where to get a great coffee, which is literally just downstairs at the Gelato cafe. The cafe serves delicious Italian deli style food for breakfast and lunch (gluten free also). The Bagel World next door is also lovely. So many places to eat within proximity from where his apartment is located. Very convenient. Lots of funky shops, grocery shop and a vintage dress shop for those who love the unconventional and great bargains. Overall, wonderful stay! Ill recommend anyone to stay with Ariel if you are visiting New York. Its like staying with an old friend. Truly. He was always available via text when I had questions. Everything was smooth. It was awesome. Ariel was a wonderful host. He was very responsive and easy to communicate with. The room was exactly as described. The room was comfortable, clean and wifi worked great.   Hello,  Just wanted to share my experience at Ariels place. We had the greatest time in New York. One thing that made it even greater was this place.   The place has his own entrance on the side. It has a monitor which you can use to hook up your cell phone. We used it for Netflix which was used at night which and very convenient. The place has a futon and also A real bed. Ariel provided us with towels and also all the amenities for the restroom.   The room is on the third floor of a building which does not have an elevator. On the first floor is a gelato shop, bagel and pizza place. Around the corner was a yogurt shop that had the best yogurt that Ive ever had.  The room has heater and also air conditioning units. Has a coffee table and also a desk. Another convenient feature was the drawer which stored all out clothes.   This is our second time coming to New York, and the second time staying in Park slope. We love this area not only because it safe but because there is a lot of many little shops and restaurants that you could visit.  We pretty much used the subway the whole time we were there. We stay there for seven days. The subway station to Manhattan is a few blocks away which takes maybe about 15 minutes to get there.   We Met Ariel on our way out of his place. However he is very accessible via text or phone call.  The apartment is exactly as described. There was so much room in the apartment.   I would highly recommend staying at Ariels place. Excellent place! Great neighborhood with plenty of restaurants, short walk to the subway, and a great size space for the price! Ill definitely be trying to get this listing every time I go to New York. Great, comfortable place in a wonderful area. Lots of room with a private entrance, almost like your own apartment. Ariel was very friendly and helpful. Thanks! It was the first time my boyfriend and I tried Airbnb and it was an amazing experience. We were very well received by Ariel and even though we did not speak English very well, he was quite patient, discreet and friendly, from the first day of arrival to the last day we stayed in his apartment.  The room is quite comfortable, wide, clean, the room is in a reserved area, with private entrance, and its also very well located in Brooklyn. Near pharmacies, restaurants, supermarkets and a few blocks from the subway station.  We highly recommend! Unfortunately we were very disappointed with our experience at Airels place. While the private room was very clean, the common spaces were not clean at all. There were huge piles of clutter and dirty laundry shoved into corners, the table covered with stuff, and the rug in the bathroom was far from something Id step on in bare feet. The best thing about the apartment is the location, and Ariel was easy to communicate with and friendly upon arrival.   The neighborhood is great; the listings description was accurate; and Ariel (the host) was very accomodating, which I especially appreciated since I changed my check-in time like half a dozen times, and he was very understanding about it. Ariels apartment was perfect for my wife and me during our trip! We immediately felt right at home. The apartment is cozy, comfortable, and extremely close to a variety of restaurants and shops. Dont miss the farmers market across the street! We did not have the pleasure of meeting Ariel in person, but he left detailed instructions for us regarding the apartments amenities and was very friendly and helpful when we spoke.  Had an amazing time staying here at Ariels place.  The neighborhood is fantastic with plenty of options for just about anything you could need.  His building is pretty quiet with non-disruptive neighbors as well.  The privacy of this apartment is very appealing, with a private entrance and another door separating the two rooms from the rest of the apartment.  The public areas may not be the most organized, but who cares, you spend your time in the bedroom/living room area you rented anyways.   There is a good reason why I keep coming back to Ariels place. Location is great and Ariel is extremely pleasant to deal with. Hoping to book again with him for my future trips to New York. Ariel was great!! He checked in multiple times to see if we needed anything, he was super accommodating let us drop off our bags early so we didnt have to carry them around the city and the room was exactly as described. Private entrance to your own super comfy, clean and spacious bedroom and private living room. It was perfect. Close to the subway (very short ride to manhattan), wifi, great bars and restaurants all around (right on top of the best bagel place ever!! Get the bacon scallion cream cheese!!) We had an amazing time and Ill definitely stay here next time im back in nyc!!! Thank you :) Ariel  was great helped us navigate.  The bed was comfortable and the place was perfectly located for our needs. Nice clean room. Excellent location. Overall good value. Ariel was very friendly, with excellent communication. He was away when we checked into the apartment and most of our stay but communicated well with us throughout, but also left us to it which we appreciated. The room was great size for the two of us, plenty of space in the joining lounge room, and very private with its own entrance. The wifi didnt really work however, barely connected when we were next to the router, and would often just drop off - made life a bit tough for us to plan our days activities and travels. The shared bathroom was fine, the bed a bit tough but did the job. Overall a great stay in a great part of Brooklyn. Ariels apartment was clean, spacious, and in a great neighborhood. It had everything I needed and he was very thorough in his guidance. We arrived early, and Ariel made us feel welcome. The room was perfectly located in park slope for our visit.  Very nice room and location. Nice host and relaxed atmosphere.  The place was clean, spacious, convenient and homey. It was exactly what we were looking for. We were in town for a friends wedding and we were traveling with a toddler. There is a great park for kids across the street with a farmers market on Sundays and there are delicious restaurants to explore right on 5th Ave. Ariel was extremely flexible with our arrival time and greeted us at the door at 2:30am! What a guy.  Great stay in a great location! Ariel was very accommodating and communicative and the place was clean and spacious. The private entrance was also nice, almost like having your own apartment. Would recommend staying again.  Ariel, was a great host. The room set up was exactly as described. The bed was comfortable. I would stay there again. We really enjoyed our stay! Its an amazing location. Close to the subway, park, and bagel shop!Couldnt of had a better experience for our first time in Brooklyn. The bed was comfy, our living space was clean. I felt very at ease the whole time. The only tip I may have is to bring ear plugs cause it can be touch loud in the morning.  Also the surrounding restaurants were very good! Most places were within a 5-10 min walk.  Ariel was very communicative and accommodating, and the place was spacious and light. You basically have a living room and a bedroom. I only stayed for a night but it seemed like a good place to be located and I ate at a nifty little taqueria down the road!  Comfortable apartment space on 3rd floor in pleasant family neighborhood of Park Slope.  Great bakery about 2 blocks away and many interesting shops.  Ariel responded right away to requests for bathroom items and was friendly when we met him, welcoming us on arrival, etc. He turned on the AC for us one hot day when we were in town sight-seeing. The shared kitchen and bath were not a problem, as Ariel keeps late hours.  We would stay there again. Clean and pleasant !! We stayed 3 nights at this clean and private space. We really appreciate that Ariel tried his best to provide a private airbnb experience. The shared bathroom with him is not a problem at all. Ariel was a great host, helpful and easy going. The location is incredible, close to restaurant and transportation.  The room is big and comfortable. I an not wait to come back again.    Just an over nighter - thanks Ariel!  Ariel was flexible with check-in and very accommodating. It was a very comfortable and easy stay. Great location.  This was a great place to stay and is right in the center of everything happening in Park Slope, thanks so much Ariel! Accurate description...Great communication...Recommended! Everything was as advertised, Ariel made everything easy and was communicative. The privacy and separation of space was good to have. The place was nice, and the neighborhood was awesome, walkable, easily accessible to transit, and I felt safe. I would definitely come back and stay here on my next trip to New York.  Ariel was easy-going, good at communication and friendly! He helped carry my bags up to the apartment on arrival and took care of details like an umbrella for the rain in the room. Ariel lets you do your own thing and gives you privacy in the apartment but is always quick to respond to text messages. This space was perfect for my solo trip and even as a couple it would have been no hassle. Ariel is easy to communicate with and he responds quickly to messages. I dont think the space falls short of anything, Im glad I chose this room and would def come back. Nice quiet space in a great neighborhood.  The host canceled this reservation 14 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Ariel is a great host. The listing was as described. The location was great for exploring, parking, safety, food, and much more. John made me most welcome. Neighbourhood was great Overall positive experience. We had our own entryway, bedroom & living room space. Great location - close to the subway and local restaurants/bars. Ariel was very accommodating and quick to respond to texts. Would definitely stay here again! The place is good value for money - Park Slope is a lovely neighbourhood, and the apartment is right on a commercial street so theres plenty of options for food and exploration. Nice room in nice area. Ariel was a great host. Our stay was great the neighborhood is family friendly. The only issue was the cleanliness of the place but at least our room was clean and with a lot of space It was good. It located in the main street so lots of restaurants. But its not that close to the stations.  Nice private space, clean and comfortable bed.    Although I never met John, he was great with communication, and checked in to make sure we got to the apartment okay. The apartment was lovely and our room was exactly as described. The bedrooms attached to your own private living room and has its own separate entrance. Overall, we had a phenomenal stay. Thanks for everything John!  Cant beat the location of this place. Close to so many wonderful restaurants, shops, and weekend farmers market! The room itself was great. Super clean, tons of room and storage if you need it. Private entrance is a perk as well, so you do not feel hindered coming and going. The host was helpful in communicating all details and making sure I was settled. Would definitely stay here again. Awesome spot! Great neighborhood and convenient to get to, made me love New York more than I already did! John was super helpful too only a text away truly Johns place is a good value for the money.  At a rate of $60/night for a small living room, bedroom, and shared kitchen and bath, I dont think the price can be beat.  Its convenient for public transportation and clean.  The shared bathroom is quite small and towels were seemingly not provided for our stay, so double check the amenities with John in advance.  Very convenient and comfortable Johns place is great stay for the price. You get a quality location in park slope , youre not too far from the city and can enjoy all the fun things about a Brooklyn. Really appreciated the privacy and John was always a text away for anything. Only thing is I recommend you ask about how to use the bathroom knobs in the tub, that took a little tinkering. Overall it was an enjoyable stay. Will return when in NYC. The room was spacious for me. There are multiple restaurants nearby and it was quite at night. Good price for a stay in NYC.  Johns place is exactly as pictured. Extremely clean, comfortable bed. Right next door to Bagel World, across the street from Sunday farmers market.  Excellent value! Thank you very much for staying in Brooklyn in your apartment. Loved it. Separate entrance, lots of space and clean! Nice ice area with lots of restaurants, shops and places to be.  Smooth sailing.  Responsive, helpful host.  Good privacy for guests. it was very nice room. and host is so kind for me. thanks a lot. Solid, budget room in a great location.  Private entrance certainly a plus.  Easy and convenient! Great spot! Would definitely stay here again. Hey - enjoy the beers I left in the fridge! Clean, large, peaceful rooms in the middle of a great neighborhood. Soggiorno okay  Very spacious, your own bedroom and small private LR space with private entrance.  5-7 minute walk to subway.  Comfortable bed.  Older building with two steep flights of stairs to walk up with your suitcase if thats an issue.  Quiet at night though on commercial street. Nice that there is a 2nd entrance.  Guest area is in the front of the building up a couple flights of steps.  John has his area in the back.  Lots of power and screens between the living area and the bed area.  That was really helpful to keep the daylight out since we were still adjusting to the red eye and time change. A nap was desperately needed.   ProTip: The door is between two shops so just look for the number as you walk down the street.  My friend and I absolutely enjoyed our stay. The private entrance was nice for us getting in late because we were terrified of disturbing our Air BnB host in the middle of the night. There were an abundance of restaurants in the area, many open late, and a farmers market across the street on a Sunday morning. If you have children, theres an enormous playground there as well. Coffee was right downstairs so we didnt have to go far for a pick-me-up. It was lovely. Should we choose to stay in Brooklyn again, Id happily stay at Johns! John made it super easy and convenient. It was easy to locate and an easy breeze. Spacious and private. The pictures are true. Id definitely recommend.  A+ I highly recommend this place. It is centrally located in Park Slope, yet extremely quiet for sleeping. I loved having my own living room and I felt completely at home. This is a fantastic place and I will return again and again.  Egen ingång vilket var smidigt, likaså enkel kommunikation med värden. Dock mycket hyshhysh kring att vi var Airbnb-gäster. Inte särskilt rent, golven hade behövt en rejäl dammsugning och våttorkning. Stora dammråttor under säng, soffa och hår och skräp i badrum. Men trevlig värd och bra läge! Förvånansvärt tyst för att ligga precis på en av huvudgatorna.  John was an amazing host, he was very accommodating and I highly recommend anyone to stay with him. Definitely a gem, would stay there again. Gem of Park Slope. Air conditioning, wifi, shops, restaurants, and a wonderful bar wait just steps away from your door. Multiple subways stand only a few blocks away. Close enough to everything, but also provides an escape from the hubbub. RAS Johns place was perfect for our stay in Brooklyn. Very comfortable and clean. John is super friendly and easy to get in touch with. We would definitely stay there next time were in Brooklyn.  Great place right in the heart of Park Slope.  This is a great space with a lovely host for an excellent price.  In addition, the location is ideal - particularly if you arent into touristy. Jules is a very clean and understanding Host. There is plenty to do around the area, I enjoyed my stay! Great for a quick trip, one night stay. Convenient location, simple and comfortable room.  Its a convenient location and large room. I would stay there again. I was only here for a night but the room very nice and spacious. Communication with the host was easy. Amenities were a bonus (TV, lotion, etc.). The bathroom is pretty small but that wasnt a bother. The place is about a ten minute walk to the subway stations and is very accessible to some nice spots in Park Slope. I had a great stay! 很感謝屋主提供這個空間讓我們居住,屋子附近是學校和公園,很舒適,離地鐵大概走八分鐘,不太遠,屋內居住二個旅人還滿合適的,床鋪軟硬適中能好好休息,工作桌大,方便運用,有冰箱爐子餐具可以自己動手料理,在紐約旅行時能有個窩回去好好伸展真不錯。  以下是給房東的一些出於善意的小建議:  1.到達的那天,廁所浴缸很髒,進去時嚇了一跳。經反映後隔日有清理。  2. Wifi 網路不停斷線,經常連不上,改而使用自己的網路又收訊不良也不能連    網,很苦惱。  3. 地板有一層灰塵,顯示沒有在房客入住前稍微打掃一下。  4. 吹風機和冷氣不可插在同一個延長線上同時使用,這導致最後一晚跳電,沒     電沒冷氣直到天亮都未恢復供電。  5. 房間位在三樓,房間資訊未明確寫出,行李很重卻得扛上去。  6.房東是同一人,卻使用三個不同的名字。一開始在airbnb網上和我聯絡時用    Jules, 到了他租給我們的房間,卻又傳訊息交待如果有人問說找誰,要說是     Ariel 的朋友。然後訂屋前房東的評價,大家都稱他 John.     從未見到過房東,但他是和我們一門之隔的同屋人,令人費解。  7. 公寓大樓進門後,有一隻死蟑螂在那邊躺了五天,都沒有人清理。 以上如果能找出改善的好方法,相信住宿品質會更加提升喔,謝謝您。 Comfortable and clean. Just what I needed for a quick stay. Nice quiet spot in a beautiful neighborhood. Clean, private, and cozy. Jules was super friendly and accommodated us last minute. I highly recommend. Great place , clean and comfortable, surrounded by restaurants and shops, we got exactly what we want .	1
396	Amazing host, always super attentive and thoughtful. The place on a very good location that allowed us to walk everywhere and its super clean. Great price/location Airbnb! Todo perfecto. Ani miy atenta Excelentttt A-ni is the most helpful host i ever had!! She was always there for us, she made sure everything is okay with us, she did really everything she can do. I didnt see her in person, but everytime I wrote her she replyed very quickly, provided everything we need!! Also there was a flatmate and he was really cool. He introduced himself and said it is okay to come late at night cause he stays up late anyway. We shared bathroom with him, but we never overlapped during my 9 nights stay since he works almost all day, so we had no trouble at all using it. The room is extra extra clean! Ani provided cleansheets to change, too. The picture doesnt show but there is one more single bed on upper side of the room. We had 2 huge luggages and there was enough space for them. Unfortunately, compare to the room, the building was actually very old and dirty... The room itself is very clean and tidy but the hallway to get to the room was not really good. I saw once a mouse running down the hallway and next day, it was dead on the hallway... But when I told to Ani, she immidately reported to building manager and made sure to clear the hallway, eventhough she is not responsible for hallway cleanliness. Ani is like the best The helper was also really helpful. He showed us how to lock and unlock the door, to use shower. One time I forgot the key and he opened the door for me when I wrote to Ani for help. They are nicest people! The location is also very good. It is near the heart of east village, so many things to do and restaurants. Loved  the room! Thank you very much Ani! Great host who did her best to make our stay easy and convenient.  The room is clean and super well located.   People living in the same apartment are also very nice and welcoming.  We had a very clean room. A-in was very helpful because she always replied immediately when I sent her a text message. There was also some fruit and tea waiting for us when we arrived. There were plenty of towels and the bathroom was clean. The location was perfect in the best place of NYC. Near the metro, but also in the middle of the city center.  The location is great, very central. A-Ni was always available for any need.  Communication with A-Ni is comfortable and easy.. The place is in super good location.. The restaurant downstair is very trendy.. very Manhattan. Highly recommended. The location is great, and the apartment itself is also nice. We stayed there for a week. Sometimes in the morning there was no hot water to take shower, then we found out that construction is going on, thats why they close the hot water and it happens for 2 days.   The communication with the host wasnt that good, it needs to be improved. The host was using only email to communicate with us, which takes too much and its inconvenient too, he/she didnt reach us directly on phone calls. I hope, the host will improve the way of communication with the guests next time.   REGARDS :)  The host must be a busy artist, because we never met her during our stay. The communication between us and her was via email,which seems a little unhappy.The people in the house are nice, but they sometimes discuss work very late.  Das Zimmer Von A-Ni liegt sehr zentral und ist gut an viele Subway und Buslinien angebunden. In der Umgebung gibt es viele gute Restaurants und Bars. Es war sauber und die Mitbewohner sehr nett. A-Ni haben wir leider persönlich nicht kennengelernt. In dem Zimmer gibt es kein Tageslicht. Man weiß also morgens nicht was für ein Wetter ist. Das war etwas verwirrend. In der ersten Nacht haben wir etwas gefroren, weil es eine Öffnung/ Fenster zu einem Innenhof gibt welche mit Plastik abgeklebt ist und durch diese hat es mächtig gezogen. Es waren allerdings auch -6C draußen. Daraufhin hat uns ihr netter Helfer mehr Decken gegeben.  Ein weiterer Punkt der mir nicht so gut gefallen hat war, das im Rest der Wohnung geraucht wurde.  Für einen kurzen Aufenthalt ist die Wohnung ok, gerade weil sie für die Lage recht günstig ist. Die Kommunikation war auch immer gut mit A-Ni und sie hat uns auch das Gepäck bis zum Nachmittag in der Wohnung stehen lassen. good place to stay in the heart of the city! the host was very responsive and nice! Great location, nice host, clean towels. Overall satisfied! Great location that is only a block away from subway stations. The place is clean and the neighbours are quiet. The helper is fantastic as well, and helped us get settled. A-ni has been very accommodating although we had a few communication issues about the listed price; but that was quickly resolved.	0
397	Alyson provided a great apartment for me to stay. The apartment is in a great location, which is very near the subway stations Christopher Street  (2 min walk) or W 4 Street Washington Square (5 min walk) and in between uptown and downtown. Cafes / Restaurants / Shops are easily accessible on the Bleecker Street, but the apartment is very quiet at night. The apartment is the same as the pictures, it would be better if the toilet is cleaner. Alyson was very responsive to my questions (e.g. turn on heater) during my stay. All in all, it is good to visitors to stay in such a great location. The reservation was canceled 40 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. My parents spent one week in Alyson apartment and they had a lovely time there! The apartment was clean, cosy and comfortable. The location is wonderful, its in the heart of the west village, in a residential and quite street but at the same time you can reach the Village, the meatpacking district and the Hudson River in 10mins walking distance. The subway is very close, 5mins walking and the streets around the apartment are full of nice restaurants and cafes.   Alyson was a great host, and she answered all our questions.  I highly recommend her apartment and the West village is one of my favorite neighborhood in New York! The neighborhood was great. Great restaurants close by. Not a place you wanna plan on cooking. There is not much space in the kitchen. However, Greenwich village, NoHo, and East Village are all within 10 - 15 minute walk. Close to the Metro. Clean space, quiet.  Alyson was a wonderful host! Her apartment is as advertised and is in one of the cutest parts of NYC that I have seen. Great restaurants, bars, and coffee shops nearby, as well as easy access to the subway. I really enjoyed my stay! Alyson is a great host. She met us with the keys and showed us to the apartment. Its in a fantastic location (especially if youre a Friends fan!). There are loads of lovely bars and restaurants nearby, and Alyson recommended her favourites. There is a/c, large closet space, fridge/freezer, oven and microwave. Not loads of space to cook but to be honest we never felt the need to. One thing we missed was a kettle but maybe thats because us Brits like 10 cups of tea a day! Also there is no TV but great wifi. I would recommend staying here.  Alyson was a very nice host. Lovely apartment and good location. Alyson was very quick to respond to my request to rent her apartment and gave a lot of great suggestions for things to do in the area and very thorough directions for her apartment. She also made it really easy to get keys from her. The apartment was a bit smaller than I was expecting, but it still was okay for a 1 night stay. I do wish there would have been a TV as it was a little quiet being alone and would have liked the added bonus. Unfortunately the shower was very confusing to use, so make sure to get directions on how to turn on from Alyson so that you dont end up like me- without a shower! Helt fantastisk beliggenhed og hyggelig lejlighed. Ikke så stor, men der er alt, hvad man skal bruge - skabsplads, godt internet, gode bøger i reolen! Alyson er meget gæstfri, og man føler sig godt tilpas. Bruseren kræver lidt forklaring, men ellers fungerede alt perfekt. Meget nemt at få kontakt til Alyson både før og under vores ophold, hun svarer hurtigt og hjælpsomt. Alyson made us feel very welcome. She is very sweet. She let us leave our luggage before check-in time and was flexible about check-out time. The location was amazing! A historic block that has the Friends restaurant on the corner. The studio was exactly as described. Great hot shower. Close to subway and many great places to eat just steps away.  The apartment was very comfortable, warm & we felt very safe in the area. Unfortunately we had an unpleasant experience picking up the keys. They were not available at the pick-up point, which was 10 -15 mins walk away from the apt. We were waiting for about an hour while the staff tried to locate them. I was able to contact Alyson and it was finally arranged for us to pick up the keys from an alternative location which was arranged and paid for by Alyson. On route, we were then contacted to be told that the 2nd set of keys were not available at the second location and that we would need to re-direct our  taxi driver to another address in Brooklyn. It was stressful, given that we had waited so long and also it was not possible for Alyson to call me on my phone - as international calls were blocked on her side and I did not have wifi available. I had to make all calls which cost me about €20. More importantly we lost a lot of time -about 4 hours in total and given that the whole point of staying in a central location was to maximise our short time in New York, we were disappointed.  Alyson was sincerely apologetic and did send us through a €50 dollar voucher. Given that this was my first AirB&B experience I am not overly confident about trying it again. The host canceled this reservation 3 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Alyson was great - SUPER responsive and very clear in her communication. It was a very easy transaction. The apartment was very clean and tidy. Perfect for a quick stopover in NYC.  We stayed a week in Alysons apartment. It was a blast! Everything was just perfect! Its a small, but very very lovely place. She even got towels for us. The neighborhood is awesome. Everything you need, is just around the corner. Perfect! Would defenitelly stay there again :) The apartment was at our arrival very disgusting filthy.   It seemed like cleaning hasnt been done for a long time when we arived. I would say for months.   Old food pickings on dishes, dirty washroom, especially the floor full of filth and thick dust especially in the corners, oven with scorched food, fridge dirty.     What is the 91€ cleaning fee for?    No place at all to hang any cloth. We lived six days out of our suitcases. The three small closest were packed with private stuff.     The fridge is extremely loud when cooling every few minutes. Turning it of over night would result that the deep-freezer would defrost, so we let it on spoiling the otherwise quiet place. Which really is a petty because the place is otherwise in a quiete area and the house isnt that noisy too.     The bed is only 120cm (48inches) wide which isnt a double bed at all nore queen size. Even though it would be officially a „full size bed“, ist definately not a comfortable bed fort wo, no matter from which country you are coming from.     Dont expect to use the kitchen for real cooking with this dirt and only two small aluminium pots.     The key pick-up is in another location which can cause extra costs, we were lucky, that it was on our way, so the extra costs where not too bad.     Overall especially because of the really filthy condition a very dissapointing experience for us.  We find it rather respectless handing over the appartment in such condition and never had something like this with Airbnb or any other privat or commercial renter.     We booked Alyson’s perfectly located apartment one day before our arrival.  Lucky us, she had a last minute cancellation.  She was very fast to respond by email and text.  Everything went smoothly for us from picking up a key to flexible check-in, check-out times.  The apartment is on one of the best streets in West Village, steps away from awesome wine bar, restaurants with great ambience, juice bar, bakery, coffee shops, and jazz clubs.  We had no problems catching a cab and getting picked up by Uber.  The apartment had essential items.  Her apartment was a perfect home for our long weekend stay in NYC.  Lastly, I forgot a few clothing and Alyson was kind to ship them with a tracking number right away.  Thanks so much, Alyson!   Lappartement était très bien situé, au coeur de Greenwich Village avec  des commerces et des restaurants à proximité. La communication a été bonne avec Alyson, même si nous ne lavons pas vue, elle sest rendue disponible par message pour nous indiquer comment nous rendre à lappartement et nous donner quelques conseils sur le quartier. Nous sommes allés récupérer les clés à un autre endroit, à environ 10 minutes en voiture du logement.   Le logement était conforme au descriptif. Il ne faudra pas espérer y manger, les équipements étant assez sommaires. Lappartement était globalement propre, à lexception du sol qui aurait mérité un bon coup de balai.  Ellison responded quickly to every question, the apartment was comfortable and clean, and one of the most important thing is the location, absolutely amazing.  This was our first Airbnb experience and Alyson made it a great one. Her place has all the charm we hoped for and the location could not be beat. It is a quiet retreat in the middle of the big city. The key pick up was very easy and her instructions on how things work were clear and easy to follow.   It was so wonderful coming back to a home at the end of the day instead of a hotel room. Alyson has done a nice job with her place making it feel like a home without making you feel like you are in someone elses space.   I would recommend staying here if you come to NYC. Subways are easy to access and we felt safe walking outside no matter what time of the day or night it was. But you find yourself asking why you would even want to leave the West Village!	0
398	"Amanda and her housemate were very friendly and showed us great hospitality the moment we arrived. Amanda was also contactable when necessary. My wife and I booked this place at the very last minute and Amanda accommodated us at that short notice.   The apartment looked like the pictures attached. It has 3 bedroom and a shared bathroom. Our room was a little small however it is common in manhattan and it was enough room for two persons.   The place is located in a residential area with  restaurants, retails, convenience stores, bars and etc within the vicinity. I am a tourist from across the globe and i felt the neighborhood  safe. I am totally new to NYC and i got around using (Hidden by Airbnb) map (very convenient as it tells you which subway lines and which transit to make using directions). A must have for visitors i felt. Another useful app is yelp for review and restaurants nearby . The subway is about 8-10 minutes walk which is fine by me as i love to walk while traveling.   Important notes:  -Wifi is working and has fast speeds -tv/dvd player and cable tv in room however i never used it as i was out most of the time. -desk and chair is available in the room.  -mini fridge in room (a surprise and very convenient for me to store food n drinks) -air condition was working -new clean bed sheets/pillows/towels/face towels  -toiletries were available however we did not use them -fruits/snacks/water was left in the room when we arrived -bed is lofted (as advertised) therefore you have to climb up but i was fine with it.   Overall stay was great! My wife and i stayed for over a week and will not hesitate to return should we revisit NYC!!!  Amanda and her roommate were lovely! Very helpful, kind and prompt with communication. Great spot in the East Village! My boyfriend and I had a lovely time staying with Amanda and Deanna. Their apartment was comfortable, very clean and tidy, and they were both really friendly and welcoming. The room itself was cozy and included a TV, fridge and snacks. We would love to stay again some time.     Appartement propre et agréable, la localisation est bien, vous êtes dans un quartier calme et à 10 à pied du métro. Seul bémol, la chambre est petite et le lit en mezzanine donc il y fait très chaud !  Great hosts, Amanda and Deanna are so lovely and kind. Either you just want to make your thing or you want to go party with them. <3 They have a perfect feeling of near and distance and you will always feel comfy. The room is pretty small but due to the fact that its so close to the centre of Manhattan I guess you cannot expect more in that Price range. The so called heat pipe is an issue of the whole building :-) getting the right temperature is not that easy. The good thing, its mostly too warm. Love you guys Very cute and colourful place to stay, wehad eveything we needed. East village is full of cool cafes and bars and transportation with metro is easy. Walking is always a choice to see more of NYC streets. Thank you Amanda and Diana Amanda and her roommate r so welcoming. We were late, but they waited until mid night! They warmly welcomed us and the room was adorable. The snakes and water bottle r there and the bed is comfortable as well! Muy hospitalarias, y siempre dispuestas a darnos toda la información que necesitábamos. La habitación es como aparece en las fotos, y todos los detalles estaban pensados. Buena experiencia y muy recomendable  Lovely and well equipped room, as described. Amanda thought of everything (face towels, hand towels, lotions and toiletries, coffee machine and coffee! etc) and really is accommodating, yet gives you all the privacy you need. Room is opposite of other bedrooms and is right next to bathroom and entrance, so you feel like you are in your own world!  Wed definitely consider and recommend her place next time. Location is spot on. Amandas flat has the perfect location if you want to explore the village, and its only 10 minutes away from a couple of different subway stops. The room itself is small (its NYC), but decorated very cleverly, with everything you need when visiting the city (tube maps, info etc.).     Amanda was very helpful with check in and check out times, and she provided us with snacks, coffee, milk, clean towels etc. during our stay.    We had a very nice week in NYC! :) We stayed at Amandas place for a couple of days over the weekend and we had a great time! The apartment is perfectly located in the East village, really close to Alphabet city and all the bars, restaurants and nightlife. The room is cozy, clean and really comfortable! We had to spend an entire afternoon and night at home because of a heavy snow storm and we were glad to have chosen such a nice place to stay!  Amanda was extremely friendly and helpful! She provided everything we needed including coffee, shower towels, snacks and maps of the city. We had to stay in NY one day longer because of the snow and, even though she had new guests coming in, she offered us to stay on the couch for the extra night so that we woudnt have to find another place.  Overall a great experience so I highly recommend this deal! All went lovely.  Room is how described. Amanda has in the house when we got there.  She was always available for anything.  Room was clean (the most important for me).  Her roommate showed us the roof top with views to the ""world trade center"" at night.  We had a beer in there and had a small chat. The metro aka subway is not close, (15 min walk) but there is a bus stop around the corner. Thanks Amanda for making this aibnb (first time) a nice memory. I enjoyed staying at Amandas. Amanda and her roommates are very accommodating and we were able to get everything that we needed during our time there. Highly recommend!   Thank you Amanda for this awesome room! I have to say this was one of the most interesting places Ive stayed in. Amandas spare room is very bright and warm. Tho it may be small for some, I really enjoyed how well she utilizes every inch of space to make it as cozy as possible. The neighborhood is really quiet. 1 block away from two bus stops that you can catch some main train lines. Walking distance to areas with many things to do such as eating and drinking. For anyone reading this review I say quit looking elsewhere, this is definitely your pick. Thank you again! Qué tal, tuvimos una muy buena experiencia con el cuarto de Amanda, está muy bien situado en Manhattan. Muy limpio, Amanda es una persona muy amable. We had a super time in A+Ds apartment. Amanda was very friendly and obliging. She respond quickly to all belongings we had. The apt was super clean and cozy. They gave us a good feeling in our NY week :-)  The room was amazing! Thank you Amanda and Diana for the warm welcome! We would always come back. S&S Amanda and Diana were very gentle hosts who gave us a warm welcome. Their apt is as lovely, cozy and clean as described.  We enjoyed our stay at their place a lot and felt like home.     Overall the apt is perfectly located, the neighborhood is more than great: a perfect mix of good restaurants, bars and cool people nearby. A great experience so we highly recommend this place!    We would come back anytime again!!! We had a very great time in Amandas house! She was a wonderful host. She gave us a many good tips. The room was very confortable And clean. The neighborhood is Very cool! We had a very good experience in new york!  We had a wonderful stay at Amanda & Deannas apartment. Amanda was very flexible with the Check in time and responded quickly. The room was clean and cozy. The bathroom was also clean and it worked really good although we were four girls who shared it ;-) We really enjoyed the water and snacks in our room after arriving :-) Thank you both for having us!  Wir hatten einen sehr schönen Aufenthalt im Apartment von Amanda. Die Lage ist hervorragend. Die Metro Station ist in unter 10min zu Fuß zu erreichen, der Bus hält vor der Tür und Bars, Restaurants und Einkaufsmöglichkeiten sind auch sehr viele in direkter Umgebung. Man muss sich aber drauf einstellen, dass New York Platzmangel hat und dadurch die Wohnungen sehr klein sind. So auch dieses Apartment.  Es ist zwar sehr klein, aber dennoch ist es sehr gemütlich und schön eingerichtet. Alles war sehr sauber und ordentlich.  Amanda war eine tolle Gastgeberin, gab uns viele nützliche Informationen und hatte einige Snacks und Wasser für uns bereitgestellt.  The stay at amandas and deannas home was really nice and lovely!  I can only recommend it:))  Everytime again!!:) Värdarna var verkligen välkomnande och så trevliga! Rummet ser ut som på bilderna och är man inte så kräsen med storleken så är det perfekt boende i New York! Nous avons passé un excellent séjour chez Amanda. On a de suite été bien reçu, comme si elle nous connaissait davant. Elle est très accueillante, ouverte et elle a un bon sens de l’hospitalité (nous avons beaucoup aimé ça chez elle).  La chambre est vraiment super, propre et rangée, un vrai petit nid douillé. Le quartier est vraiment sympa, avec pas mal de restaurants et nous sommes a 15 mns à pieds de la première station de métro. Nous avons passé une semaine au top.  Encore un grand merci a Amanda et nous la recommandons sans aucunes hésitations, vous serez comme a la maison.   The stay at Amandas place went great! The room is as pictured, and the bed was very comfortable! Amanda was very helpful, and suggested great places for lunch! My favorite was Katzs Delicatessen which is a couple blocks away. The apartment was close to a variety of subway lines and bus stops. The surrounding area was just beautiful, and so alive during the day. Overall it was an amazing expirance to visit New York, and it all started with Amandas hospitality! Awesome!! The girls are great hosts and super nice and kind. Amanda gave us excellent tips to get around in the city and back to the apt. The place is beautiful and clean and very comfortable! 10 out of ten. The neighborhood is very safe and it has a lot of markets and restaurants around. Amanda welcomed us on arrival, showed us around, offered a drink, talked with us for a short while.  We loved the neighborhood. It was convenient with lots of places to eat. Amanda und Deanna waren tolle Gastgeber. Wie wurden herzlich empfangen und sie gaben uns verschiedene Tipps für New York. Das Zimmer ist klein, aber liebevoll eingerichtet und mit genügend Platz für zwei Personen. Ganz in der Nähe hat es einen Supermarkt, was sehr praktisch ist. Die U-Bahn ist etwas weiter entfernt (ca. 15 Minuten zu Fuss).  Amanda was a great host and a really nice person. The apartment is in such a cool place in Manhattan, close to lots of really cool stuff in the East Village. The set-up was really thoughtful and had more than everything we could have needed. Thanks for having us!  The host canceled this reservation 21 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. My daughter and I had a wonderful one week holiday in NYC! Except for the August weather which revealed itself too hot, every expectation we had concerning both our plans to visit the city and the Airbnb place we chose for our short stay were met :) Our hosts were very welcoming and kind. The little room where we stayed was all we needed: quiet, clean and tidy, small & cosy, comfortable bed, etc. Additionally, the place has a very nice location which allowed us to reach everywhere easily and very fast. We definitely enjoyed our stay and would do it all over again! We loved staying in Amandas cute little apartment. The room is small, but provides everything you need and has a comfortable bed. And as you have the most exciting city ever around you and spend most of your time outside anyways, Amandas place is just perfect for coming home. She is such a friendly and open minded person, always trying to keep her guests happy. The neighborhood in the east village is way more affordable and relaxed than the super busy and touristy  midtown. Metro stations and bus stops are located in walking distance. We would totally recommend staying with Amanda! Amanda is super friendly, helpful and accomodating. The loft is a great place to come back to after a full day of exploring and its within walking distance of the subway that can basically take you(or connect you ) to anywhere in the city. Amanda is hospitable and was great with tips and and knowledge on the best places to go and see. Would recommend to anyone visiting New York!  Good experience overall, mostly as advertised. I wouldnt describe F train ""a short walk"" from here. And, I am hesitant to call anything in NYC a good value, particularly accommodation, for how outrageously expensive it is but I suppose this is a fair price for what you get, within that curve. Nous avons passé un agréable séjour chez Amanda. Elle sest toujours montrée disponible, discrète et présente pour nous accueillir. Le logement est propre, conforme à la description. Il est extrêmement bien situé  si on cherche un peu de calme et un quartier moins "" (Website hidden by Airbnb) abordable pour Manhattan. Seul bémol il fait légèrement chaud sous la mezzanine. Bref, vous pouvez réserver en toute sérénité.  Great location and an excellent example of making use of space. Amanda provided us with more than required and she was very accommodating. You are unlikely to find such value so close to the city. We didnt realize that lofted room meant a lofted bed so the ladder to the bed would become cumbersome but not enough to damper our trip! Amanda was very accommodating and helpful, offering suggestions for how to get around the city and ideas of things to do. I didnt know how it would be to stay in someones apartment while they were there but we didnt feel in the way or awkward. Overall our stay was enjoyable! we stayed in this apt for 6 days. good experience for us in a  little loft room. the room was little but with all comfort Both Amanda and her friend were very nice and friendly. The communication went smoothly, Amanda promptly reacted to all of our queries. Before we arrived she gave us precise directions how to get from the airport to her place. Our room was small but comfortable and clean. Also recommendations the girls gave us turned out to be very useful. I am happy to recommend Amandas place to anyone. The room is quite small but it´s exactly as it looks like in the pictures. Bed is comfortable. The apartment is nice and clean. The only issue was the rooms temperature was extremely hot, even with the fan on it was still hot. We couldnt sleep with the window opened because the neighbour had the music loud all night long. We had to sleep with the door opened in order to get a bit of cold air. That made us not to have a good nights sleep.    Amanda is very nice person. She was helpful when we needed something. Her flat is cozy, clean, in a cool location. It is really what is offered here on the website. Great is that its really close to the ""must see"" places on Manhattan. Room is small but there is everything you might need. Thank you again, Amanda, our stay in NY was amazing! Amandas place was a great stay for exploring NY like a local. The room is very small with a lofted bed but its perfect if youre going to be out during the day and just need a warm cosy bed to sleep  The room got uncomfortably hot during the night so we had to run cold air con and fans full blast all night in January! (The heating is controlled by the building unfortunately) The bathroom is clean and tidy. Amanda was a fantastic host and provided everything we needed. Cool neighbourhood, not touristy, lots of local bars and restaurants. Quite a walk to the subway but easy and cheap to get to and from tourist destinations. We will stay here again if we return to NY! We had a great time roommating with Amanda for a month - got along really well with her and enjoyed the cozy bunk, rooftop drinks and Alphabet City restaurants! O apartamento estava impecável. Super limpo e a Amanda fez questão de deixar no quarto alguns snacks caso tivéssemos fome.  Sempre que tínhamos dúvidas sobre algum lugar a Amanda estava sempre pronta par nos ajudar. Também super flexível no check in e check out. O único problema do quarto é o calor. No então consegue-se resolver isso deixando o ar condicionado de baixo ligado a noite toda pois ajuda a limpar e a refrescar o (Website hidden by Airbnb) este pequeno truque o quarto torna-se perfeito :)  Se voltar a NY voltarei a ficar neste quarto.  Obrigada Amanda  Amanda was amazing!! Amanda is such a great, friendly host and her lovely little apartment is perfect for exploring this fabulous corner of Manhattan! We had a lovely stay at Amandas appartment. The room is small but cozy and perfect for two. Amanda is a really nice and helpful host and she really went the extra mile and made us feel at home. The street is quiet and the neighbourhood is calm but still filled with energy. Close to Soho, restaurants, bars and to the train station. Easy to take the train or bus to other parts of the city! We loved it here :) Great stay - exactly as described. Thanks.  Stanza piccola ma dotata di tutti i servizi necessari. Vicina a locali e negozi di East Village. 10minuti a piedi dalla metro e 2minuti dalla fermata dellautobus.  We had a great stay at Amandas place. Its central, Amanda is communicative, we felt quite good there. The room is very small (less than 5 meter square) so for two people its pretty tight. But very well equipped, as said in the announce. Thank you! Me encantó conocer a Amanda, súper linda y atenta. Detallista y servicial. Espacio chico, pero cómodo y limpio. :)   Caminando en 15 minutos llegas a Nolita, y en media hora caminando o menos a Soho.    Amanda was an amazing host. She gives clear directions on how to reach the Airbnb and gave us a tour of the place and provided everything we needed. Would highly recommend staying here Perfect vor the city, small, quiet room. top Great little place to stay at, Amanda made sure to welcome us upon arrival. Food was stocked with snacks and water, which was much appreciated. Good location near some local restaurants, and not too far from the heart of the city. Amandas place is really comfy, neat and clean. We stayed there over a weekend. The room is small, but it‘s enough space for two and it has everything you need. Amanda took her time to explain all the important  things we needed to know about the room and the appartment! The bed is lofted but really comfy, so it wasn‘t a problem for us. We also really liked that the room has a coffee machine, water and some snacks. Metro and busses are close to the appartment and easy to reach. We had a wonderful time in NYC and we totally can recommend her place to stay. Booked Amanda’s place last-minute and was it worked really well - she keeps it very clean and it’s nice to have enough elbow room for once in such a cramped city! Amandas place was very tidy and efficiently laid out for a small NYC apartment. She was a friendly and flexible host who offered useful tips for getting around the city. She was very hospitable about extra linens and pointing out the AC, Wifi info, etc. My favorite part of the stay were the snacks and coffee she made available to us! Amanda’s space was clean, cute and an amazing price for manhattan. The room was adorable and I loved the lofted bed. Super comfy. The neighborhood is great and if you don’t mind a stroll is perfect access for pretty much anywhere in New York. She was very hospitable, and check in was a breeze. Would rebook anytime. Smartly optimized small warm space with exceptional hospitality. Perfect for what I needed and Amanda was a great host! I rented Amanda’s place for my son Johnny. He loved everything about it: the location, how clean it was, how walkable the  neighborhood was, and last but not least, how friendly and nice Amanda was. We would love to rent it again and we recommend it to anyone looking for a super clean and nice place, with great location, that is also priced reasonably. Warm welcoming!  Amanda was really helpful during my stay.  The room is clean and tidy."	1
399	Sams place was great. We loved the neighbourhood. Some great bars are just up the street and the subway is a short walk away. We never met Sam but he was easy to communicate with. Amazingly decorated and spacious apartment that felt like home. My only wish would have been that the place was a little cleaner but otherwise no other complaints.  A beautiful apartment with incredible attention to detail and excellent style! We loved staying at Sams apartment. The location is great with tons of cool bars nearby, the Brooklyn Museum, Prospect Pk, and all the subway lines you could ever need. The kitchen is spacious with a great induction stove, and the main room is great for small gatherings with drinks. Lots of sunlight throughout. Very comfortable beds and the balcony overlooking the garden was really lovely. Everything from the spices, kitchen ware, towels and basic food items were well-stocked! Good central speakers in the kitchen for playing music. Sam was very communicative, accommodating and a very solid host! Wed love to stay there again. Our stay in Sams place was really nice! We never met Sam but he was always available to answer our questions during booking. A friend of his welcome us when we got there. She was very helpful with us, give us some cool places to go around. Electric problems did not allow us to use some heaters, so the temperature was a little cold, mostly for the person who slept in the lounge. We felt secure in the streets and you have to walk like 5 minutes to take the train that lead you on manhattan. Good place to stay! Thanks! Sams space is really stylish. Hes clearly put a lot of work into making it a unique and classy home. We were travelling with our one-year-old toddler which presented some challenges, and I would not recommend this apartment to someone else travelling with a small child who might throw food on the rug, eat off the painted plywood floors, and pull things off shelves. We were able to make it work, and Sam was very helpful answering our questions. If youre young at heart, hip and excited to explore gritty Brooklyn, this place is ideal.  Sam was a great host and my family loved living in his beautiful apartment. The apartment has great light, a comfortable living space and a very tasteful decor, right from the coffee table to the chandelier in the bathroom. The kitchen is spacious for those who want to cook their meals. The area is great and has some wonderful restaurants and bars and really charming to walk around in. Unfortunately, we left a little bit of mess when we checked out, which probably means that we wont get to stay in this wonderful apartment again, but for those of you who can, you absolutely must. Pour un voyage daffaire, un de mes équipiers a séjourné chez Sam. Très agréable, quartier sympathique. Un appartement clair et un hôte prévenant !  Thomas était vraiment content de son séjour ! The neighborhood is an interesting one, with many places to get grocery or to eat at, and Sam was of good advice. The flat is nice, we had breakfast on the balcony every morning. It is very easy to go to downtown with either the C or 5 line, or to Conney Island the other direction.  We really enjoyed our stay at Sams bright stylish apartment and enjoyed the colorful neighborhood.  Sam was also very helpful and responsive with communication.  Sam was a great host and his apartment was so comfy and enjoyable (very nice garden)! He left addresses of great places to go, plans of the neighborhood, etc. The neighborhood is amazing, lots of nice bars, very good restaurants and most important, nearby lots of trains station. We definitely enjoyed our stay thanks to Sams apartment! Merci beaucoup Sam!!  The apartment is exactly as described…. Super super sunny! Maybe a little shade is the bedrooms will help in the morning!    Sam was very easy to communicate with and we never ran in any problem.     The reservation was canceled 37 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 3 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. The host canceled this reservation 27 days before arrival. This is an automated posting. Sams apartment was a great place to return to every evening after adventuring across New York with kids. Its pretty much exactly the same as its described in the listing, and the kitchen has a great induction stove. The aircon was invaluable as we stay during some of the hottest and most humid days in recent history. We felt secure and private at Sams and would highly recommend it for singles, couples or small families.  Franklin Ave is the main shopping strip plenty of good grocery shopping, a decent coffee spot 7 mins walk away, a cool pizza restaurant, laundromats, and wine shops.  The subway is close enough walking distance. (I found Uber a fairly easy alternative for one-off transports in and out of Manhattan.) Both subway stations within walking distance take you to Brookyn and through Manhattan easy enough.   All up a great stay. Sams place is perfectly designed. Sunny, stylish, open, this was a fantastic apartment to relax in amidst the chaos of our weekend in NY. Exactly as described. Very clean and comfortable. Extremely covenient. Excellent communication. Great kitchen. Would definetly book w Sam again. Great location, a few blocks away from the subway. (About a 10 minute walk.) lots of restaurants in the area, delis on the corners. If you’re sleeping 4 two people can sleep on the couches and two in each bedrooms (or whatever). There is no pull out. I’d recommend shower shoes as the rug in bathroom is small and thin. There’s a cool projector , and Bose speaker for music. Overall the place was nice and aesthetically pleasing, and Sam was quick to respond when we had questions.	0
